===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast Corporation First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining us on today's call are Brian Roberts, Michael Cavanagh, Jason Armstrong, and David Watson. I will now refer you to slide two of the presentation accompanying this call, which can also be found on our Investor Relations website and which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer. This conference call may include forward-looking statements which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedule issued earlier this morning for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, I will turn the call over to Michael Cavanagh.
Michael Cavanagh: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before Jason gets into the details of our first-quarter results, I would like to spend some time on three topics that are top of mind: convergence, business services, and theme parks. Let me lead into those by anchoring the discussion in the two overarching elements of the management team's approach to running the company. First is that we are focused on shifting our business mix toward growth by investing in six areas where we are extremely well-positioned: residential broadband, wireless, business services, theme parks, streaming, and premium content in our studios. We are seeing the effects of this strategy build as time passes. This quarter, these six businesses represented a percentage of total revenues, helping drive 2% EBITDA growth, 5% adjusted EPS growth, and $5.4 billion of free cash flow. The second is our proven commitment to our capital allocation strategy, which balances robust disciplined investment in these growth areas, maintains one of the strongest balance sheets, if not the strongest, in the industry, and returns substantial capital to shareholders. Together, our steady shift in business mix to a diverse group of growth areas, combined with our strong balance sheet, allows for steady execution against our strategy even as the level of uncertainty in consumer and capital markets has meaningfully increased in the past several months. While we do not see any noteworthy evidence of economic challenges thus far, the odds have increased that challenges may be approaching, but we are well-positioned to handle whatever lies ahead. Now let me hit the areas I'd like to comment on more deeply, starting with convergence, where, as we've consistently highlighted, we are structurally positioned to win. Today, we are the only operator offering gig Internet and gig wireless ubiquitously to 64 million homes and businesses across 39 states, giving us the largest converged footprint in the country. When you look at just the geographic markets we serve, our gig-capable converged footprint is more than double our competitors combined. As we've discussed before, our network upgrade plans will ensure that our network leadership and product capability remain ahead of the competition. But the true measure of a customer's connectivity experience lies in its performance within their home. That is where we excel given our superior Wi-Fi. Reliable connectivity throughout the home continues to be ranked as the most critical element influencing customer choice of broadband service, and we lead the industry in delivering this experience. In fact, the latest fixed broadband report by OpenSignal ranks us highest in reliability in our footprint. We continue to make this Wi-Fi experience even better. An example being the recent launch of our most powerful gateway yet, the XB Ten, which enables industry-leading multi-gigabit symmetrical throughput and supports up to 300 connected devices with increased speeds and reduced latency. The importance of Wi-Fi extends to our mobile service as well. Ninety percent of all mobile data, whether in or out of the home, travels over Wi-Fi, giving us another clear advantage. We have the largest and fastest Wi-Fi network in the nation that delivers unique benefits to our customers with features like Wi-Fi Power Boost, which automatically upgrades Xfinity mobile devices to gigabit speed whenever customers are connected to one of our 23 million hotspots, regardless of their subscribed Internet speed. This feature helped us earn the distinction of being the fastest mobile provider according to Ookla's January 2025 Speed Intelligence Report. However, and this is a big however, in this intensely competitive environment, we are not winning in the marketplace in a way that is commensurate with the strength of the network and connectivity products that I just described. Dave and his team have worked hard to understand the reasons for this disconnect and have identified two primary causes: one is price transparency and predictability, and the other is the level of ease of doing business with us. The good news is that both are fixable, and we are already underway with execution plans to address these challenges. Steve Croni, who Dave appointed as Chief Operating Officer of Connectivity and Platform, is driving the changes in our go-to-market strategy and other operational improvements with the highest urgency. One of his first priorities was to recruit a growth-focused leader, and we announced the hiring of John Guizelman for the newly created position of Chief Growth Officer of our domestic residential business. With decades of experience at Apple, Expedia, and DIRECTV, managing world-class brands in highly competitive markets, John is a fantastic addition to the team, and we're excited for him to join later this month. Second, we are simplifying our pricing construct to make our price-to-value proposition clear to consumers across all broadband segments. Just last week, we introduced our first-ever nationwide price guarantee for broadband, which includes Xfinity's best-in-class gateway and unlimited data for one simple monthly price that is locked in for five years with no annual contract required. Customers who sign up for this plan also have the option to add a free mobile line for one year. We are not done. Providing more value to our customers with less complexity and friction is a top priority, and you will see our go-to-market approach continue to evolve over the coming months. Third, we are driving growth in Xfinity Mobile. The benefits are clear as we see an 80% improvement in customer lifetime value when we add wireless service to our broadband-only customer relationships. We started prioritizing mobile attachment towards the end of the first quarter, offering one unlimited line free for twelve months for all new and existing broadband customers who take our traditional and premium level products. This resulted in the best quarter of new wireless net additions in two years, bringing our total wireless lines to 8.1 million. Last week, we introduced our first-ever premium unlimited wireless plan delivering gigabit speeds with 4K ultra-high-definition streaming, more Wi-Fi hotspot data, advanced spam call protection, and a guaranteed device upgrade. With mobile penetration at only 30% of our residential broadband customer base, we have plenty of runway ahead to leverage wireless as a key component of our connectivity bundle with our industry-leading broadband product. While we are glad to be underway with a refreshed approach to the market, we anticipate that it will take several quarters for our new approach to gain traction and impact the business in a meaningful way. My second topic is business services, which has tremendous momentum and now accounts for almost 25% of the revenues of our entire connectivity business. We built business services, which is now approaching a $10 billion revenue generator from the ground up and have consistently outperformed peers with mid-single-digit revenue and EBITDA growth and with margins in the high 50% range. Within the small and medium-sized business segment, we are the market leader and have done a phenomenal job at deepening customer relationships. We've consistently grown ARPU in the mid-single digits for the last few years, with over half our small business relationships purchasing more than two products. We remain excited about the opportunity to continue advanced product selling, including our cybersecurity services and Comcast Business Mobile. Within the enterprise solutions segment, we are capitalizing on the significant opportunity to increase our market share and grow customer relationships. We've consistently grown sales and revenue in this segment in the high single digits. Today, our largest enterprise customers purchase over seven products from Connectivity, which is always going to be the core driver of our business. However, three years ago, for every dollar of connectivity we sold in the enterprise segment, we sold $0.20 of advanced solutions. Today, for every dollar of connectivity services we sell, we sell approximately $0.50 of advanced services, further solidifying our right to win in the market and providing more value to customers. We've done this through a mix of organic investment and M&A. The Masergy deal advanced our secure networking and global capabilities. A NITEL acquisition, which closed on April first, builds upon this playbook by providing enhanced network aggregation capabilities, increasing our channel presence, and providing more robust enterprise solutions. My third and final topic is theme parks, which have been on an incredible growth trajectory, having generated $3 billion of EBITDA in 2024, up from around $1 billion ten years ago, as a result of significant investment in the business, along with the excellent execution by the team leading Universal Destinations and Experiences. Now we are just four weeks away from the May 22nd grand opening of Epic Universe, our most ambitious and technologically advanced theme park to date, with iconic IP from Harry Potter, DreamWorks, How to Train Your Dragon, Horror with Dark Universe, and Super Nintendo World. Epic Universe doubles the size of our park footprint in Orlando, transforming our collection of resorts into a week-long vacation destination. We have seen strong demand since launching EPIC ticket sales in the fourth quarter of 2024, and the most recent reaction to early previews has been nothing short of phenomenal, with thousands of media stories, social posts, and fan reviews characterizing Epic as having groundbreaking creativity and taking immersive entertainment to a whole new level. Beyond Epic, we're continuing to grow our parks business across the United States, starting with Universal Horror Unleashed, our first permanent year-round horror entertainment experience opening in Las Vegas this August. In 2026, we will debut our first-ever Universal Kids Resort in Frisco, Texas. Earlier this month, we announced plans to build our first-ever Universal theme park and resort in Europe, with construction starting in 2026 and a grand opening scheduled for 2031. This park and resort will be located in Bedford, England, right outside London. The United Kingdom is an incredibly attractive market, with its large population, a strong tourism industry, favorable transportation infrastructure, and close proximity to the rest of Europe, especially considering the announced expansion plans at nearby Luton Airport. All these factors make this location an ideal one for Universal theme park and resort expansion into the European market. So those are some of my thoughts to frame today's call, and I will now turn the call over to Jason Armstrong to provide a detailed overview of our first-quarter results.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with a high-level overview of our consolidated results before getting into more detail on our businesses. Consolidated revenue was in line with last year's first quarter. We've been clear and consistent that we're investing behind six major growth drivers, and these six grew to a mid-single-digit rate and represented close to 60% of our total revenue in the quarter. EBITDA grew 2% this quarter, adjusted EPS grew 5% to $1.09, and we generated $5.4 billion in free cash flow, growing free cash flow per share by 26% while returning $3.2 billion to shareholders, including $2 billion in share repurchases. Now, turning to our businesses and starting with connectivity and platforms. I'd like to start with broadband, where the competitive environment remains intense. While we continue to see muted connect activity, we also saw a slight uptick in churn off of record low levels. This contributed to the loss of 199,000 customers in the quarter. However, broadband ARPU grew 3.3%, leading to growth in broadband revenue of 1.7%. As Mike mentioned, we feel great about our network position. Simply put, we compete really well against any technology out there. We feel equally great about our position in the home, where our Wi-Fi coverage and control are second to none. We're addressing current customer pain points and investing in go-to-market with a focus on pricing transparency and simplicity, a unified national approach, and more products translating into more value for our customers. This will require investment in the form of already launched long-term, all-inclusive price guarantees and other actions we will take in the coming months. Over time, this will help us mitigate customer churn from promotional roll-offs and better insulate our customer base. On convergence, we said we would lean into wireless. The repositioning of our offers during the first quarter was evident in our results. We accelerated wireless net line additions to 323,000 in the quarter, both an improvement year-over-year and sequentially, bringing our total wireless lines to 8.1 million. With penetration at just 13% of our residential broadband customer base, we have significant runway for growth and expect continued momentum in subscriber growth in the coming quarters. Wireless plays a growing role in deepening customer relationships and reducing churn, and the structure of our wireless business with a strong MVNO partnership, industry-leading offloading onto Wi-Fi, and an advantage in customer acquisition as we target our existing base provides us solid profitability in wireless and the option to reinvest some of this profit as we lean in to accelerate the growth of our wireless customer base even more. At business services, both revenue and EBITDA grew roughly 4%. We have a leadership position amongst our peers when it comes to growth in this segment. Our strong performance this quarter was again driven by the framework that we've been operating in for some time. While we are experiencing an elevated level of competition in SMB, we continue to generate healthy revenue growth by driving higher adoption of our suite of advanced services, which deepens the relationship with our large base of customers. Our enterprise segment is an even stronger contributor to growth and one in which we are just scratching the surface. Earlier this month, we closed on our acquisition of Nitell. This is a great tuck-in acquisition that strengthens our ability to deliver advanced, reliable connectivity solutions, enhancing Comcast businesses' competitiveness in the managed services space. Nitell's network aggregation capabilities and network-as-a-service offerings broaden our ability to service our customers, and their indirect channel distribution strategy magnifies our mid-market and enterprise presence. Our results in the second quarter will include Nitell, which we expect will add a few hundred basis points of revenue growth to business services with a minimal impact on EBITDA growth in the near term. Putting all this together, overall connectivity and platforms revenue in the quarter remained consistent with the prior year, as 4% growth in our connectivity businesses, including residential broadband and wireless, together with business services, was offset by revenue declines in video, advertising, and other. EBITDA grew 1.5% in the quarter, while margins expanded by 80 basis points, reflecting the growth and continued benefit from our mix shift to our connectivity businesses as well as our ongoing focus on operating efficiency. In content and experiences, there are several key items I would like to highlight. At Parks, we're really looking forward to Epic Universe. All of the earlier reviews have been spectacular, and we're incredibly excited for the transformation Epic will bring to visitors in the Orlando market. As we gear up for the May 22nd opening, we incurred incremental costs, which landed at about $100 million in the first quarter. This is in line with what we had previously communicated. Looking past these preopening costs, underlying results in the quarter indicated stable trends in Orlando, giving us confidence that we are entering the Epic launch from a position of strength. In addition, performance at our international parks remains strong, but we are seeing softness in Hollywood due to the aftermath of the wildfires and our proximity to these areas, which impacted our results in the first quarter. We expect the recovery at Universal Hollywood to be a gradual one. Turning to studios, results this quarter were driven by the strong carryover success of Wicked. After an impressive theatrical run, Wicked continued to deliver great results in premium window sales and became Peacock's most-watched pay one movie. Looking ahead, we are excited to launch two of our three tentpole releases back to back in the coming months: First up is How to Train Your Dragon on June 13th, followed by Jurassic World Rebirth on July 2nd. In media, total advertising revenue was down 7%, mainly due to the volume and timing of sports content along with tough political comparisons. Excluding this, advertising was relatively flat. While we have not yet seen any impacts from the current macroeconomic uncertainty, advertising is the category that has shown the most economic-related cyclicality in our business historically. However, for the upfront and for the balance of the year, we feel well-positioned in the market as we capitalize on the NBA launching the fourth quarter, a healthy Peacock subscriber base and a strong content offering across entertainment and news. Our overall media results this quarter were powered by the meaningful progress we are making in our pivot to streaming. Peacock delivered double-digit revenue growth and a more than $400 million year-over-year improvement in EBITDA losses. In part due to lower expenses compared to last year when we streamed the exclusive NFL Wildcard Game but also driven by the improved monetization of Peacock paid subscribers. We ended the quarter at 41 million paid subscribers, with net additions in the quarter driven by the entitlements from the Charter bundle we introduced at the end of the quarter. When we launched Peacock in 2020, we anticipated that bundling would become an important piece of the streaming ecosystem. So we pursued a content strategy that would appeal to a broad audience. In addition to our pay-one films coming from our studios, over 80,000 hours of entertainment content, including originals, and next-day air content from NBC broadcast and Bravo. A critical piece of that strategy is our focus on sports. Today, we offer more premium sports than any other streaming service, including the NFL, the Olympics, Premier League, Kentucky Derby, Big Ten, and then starting this fall, we look forward to adding the NBA. Summing it all up, our capital allocation priorities are centered on reinvesting around growth in six key categories and consistently returning significant capital to shareholders, including $13.1 billion returned over the past twelve months. We are in an incredibly strong position to successfully execute the tough decisions we're making in the face of elevated competition in certain areas. We've been clear on the benefits of a strong balance sheet, cash flow, and diversification, allowing us to invest consistently through various credit cycles, the pandemic, and importantly, macroeconomic cycles where we are broadly insulated and positioned to play offense. Our results in the first quarter underscore the success and the consistency of our strategy. We generated $5.4 billion in free cash flow while investing $2.9 billion in capital back into our businesses. At the same time, we maintained a healthy balance sheet, ending the quarter with net leverage at 2.3 times while returning $3.2 billion to shareholders, including $2 billion in share repurchases. Marci, I will now turn it over to you for Q&A.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jason. Operator, let's open the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. If you have a question, please press star then the number one on your touch-tone phone. Our first question today is coming from Craig Moffett from Oppenheimer. Your line is now live.
Craig Moffett: Hi. Thank you. Two questions, if I could. First, maybe thinking about the theme parks business a little bit. Mike, maybe could you just dig in a little bit more into what you're seeing now? We've seen some very significant drops in international travel to the United States, for example, and some anti-American sentiment ultimately affecting travel patterns. So I'm wondering if you can just share what you're seeing about the theme parks and how you think that might impact the 2025 results even with Epic. Then for the broadband and wireless bundles that you're offering today, it's a question that everybody has been focused on the wireless side. You guys are subsidizing handsets, and if the price of handsets rises significantly with tariffs, would it be your anticipation that you would increase your subsidies accordingly, or would you expect to pass those higher costs on to customers?
Michael Cavanagh: Hey, Craig. So it's Mike. I'll start on parks and then hand it over to Dave. On theme parks, our first quarter results continued to be stable in Florida. We had preopening expenses for Epic Universe, but excluding that underlying trend is stable in Orlando. What we're seeing for advanced bookings, both ticket sales and hotel bookings, are strong for the overall parks and for Epic. While I see the same headlines, you're seeing about airlines and the like. Some of that might be outside the window of our booking windows, but what we are seeing continues to be tracking, well. To your point, some of that is definitely related to the excitement about Epic. Without a doubt, the reviews and preopening buzz are very strong. Ticket sales and advanced plans are, a little ahead of our expectations. We feel, right now, what we see is continued steadiness in the backdrop for parks. One thing that you have to know, is our domestic parks do draw a lot of folks from the US, and a lot of folks from markets in the south in the case of Florida, that are not necessarily hopping on planes to get there. There may be a delayed effect between what the airlines are starting to report on and what we see. But like I said, no real sign of that in our business as we sit here now. In LA, it's all related to getting LA back to having the tourism industry broadly recovered after the wildfires. The whole market is continuing to see people staying away a little bit more than I think the leadership in LA broadly or us as a parks owner in that market would like it to be. That's domestic parks and international trends. For Beijing stable as well.
David Watson: Hey, Craig. Dave. So and wireless, and how it's positioned within packaging bundling, Let me start with, we, we are a challenger. It's good to be a challenger in any environment, including this one in particular, as I think customers are looking for savings, and I think we're in a great position and a really important part of our convergence and packaging approach, wireless is a huge piece of it. We know our new offers at the end of Q1 were part of having one unlimited line free for twelve months for all new and existing broadband customers and taking traditional premium-level products. It's resulted in a great quarter to start with. We're rolling here, and we expect continued acceleration in coming quarters with it. We're leveraging Wi-Fi. It's a different experience with Power Boost and many other things that Mike and Jason talked about. When it comes to the overall marketplace, the other good part of wireless is the source of business. We're upgrading the overall base of customers' broadband into wireless. Their wireless base itself is upgrading. We're a great choice for bringing your own device, and so that is an option for us. Throughout this, we want to be where the customer is. That's where we're constantly focused on. It comes to macroeconomic and other issues, we've figured it out, whether it's competitive intensity, we think we'll manage through it. We have good offers on devices. We'll see how things go. But our core service offerings provide substantial value. That is our focus, and we'll continue to be that.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Craig. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. The next question is coming from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street Research. Your line is now live.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks, guys. Just one question for me. I'd love to get a sense in your project Genesys markets to what extent you're seeing benefits in terms of stronger gross adds from the ability to offer faster speeds, lower churn, better ARPU, improved OPEX, etcetera.
David Watson: Well, it's an important part of our upgrade initiative, and it's helped us, I think a core piece of our strategy is constant innovation and upgrades to existing services. It has resulted in upstream speed improvements, downstream speed increases. It has been an important part of our positioning for the near term and long term. We have a substantial part of our market that has already, you know, reached this point. Our main focus, as I zoom out, just a bit more in terms of broadband, is really addressing the key pain points that both Mike and Jason talked about. That's where the focus is. The good news is, as you look at things in our network, Genesys being a big part of it, positions us quite well. Broadband customers with us, more broadly across the industry, are doing more. That's why we continue to invest in the services for the long term. Bandwidth consumption continues to be robust. It was up 10% per subscriber last quarter. More devices are being connected per household, and every secular trend in that respect is positive. That's a great starting point. However, the thing that we've seen and what we're trying to address, we believe there's been a durable change in the competitive intensity, already intense but continues to be so. We're really well-positioned with our network. Genesys is a piece of it, and our products, but the pain points in pricing transparency and the simplicity and ease of doing business with us. That's what we're responding to. One of the main points is with the price lock equipment inclusions, all-in pricing around that, and free mobile lines, and some other things that we have coming. That's our focus around and the reason why we're optimistic about where network consumption is going, but nothing specific at this moment in terms of any of the churn benefits related to just Genesis. I think the pain points over time that we're addressing with the new go-to-market approach will be where the benefits will come from.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jonathan. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Michael Ng from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Michael Ng: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the question. I just have two as well. First on broadband ARPU, you know, it's encouraging to see the 3.3% growth in the quarter. I was just wondering if you could talk about some of the drivers there. Then, longer term, as you talk about these go-to-market changes, the five-year price lock, could you just talk about your outlook for what, like, for the three to four percent longer term domestic broadband ARPU growth? What's your commitment level there? How will some of the new pricing and packaging change this, if at all? Thank you.
David Watson: Hey, Michael. This is Dave. So, as I mentioned before, what we're trying to do really, is focus on the pain points in this market. With the five-year price lock, mobile inclusion, and the simplicity of packaging multiple products together, we can execute this tactically, surgically, and do not view it as a broad repricing of our base. We think we can still drive healthy broadband ARPU growth, but these initiatives will require some investment, which in turn will impact our ability to grow EBITDA in the near future. But we view the impact as very manageable. Most important to us is what sits on the other side and how quickly we can get there. That is a customer base with less pricing friction, even more stickiness, a huge lever in wireless with our mobile product exposed to a much larger segment of our base, and the ability to migrate this base into a still-below-market rate that has a lot of upside potential. We're using this as a moment to get away from a model that at least partially relied on deep discounting upfront but then increasingly results in untenable increases after promotional periods. We'll have customers that have long-term certainty on pricing over time that is competitive with market rates, which means they're more satisfied, churn at a lower rate, and carry much higher customer lifetime value. With this, we'll have plenty of room to grow with our customers as they do more on our broadband network and engage more with us in wireless and other offerings. As a company, we've navigated plenty of changes before. This is the right change for our business at this moment and going forward. It's a change we can navigate in a very prudent way.
Michael Ng: Thanks, Mike. Great. Thank you, Dave.
Marci Ryvicker: Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Michael Rollins from Citibank. Your line is now live.
Michael Rollins: Thanks and good morning. Two questions as well for me. So first on broadband, could you discuss, how much of the recent losses may be a function of slower industry growth given the maturation of the category relative to changes in market share? If you're seeing differences in performance, where you're in markets that had fiber for some time versus those markets where fiber is just getting introduced. Second on the mobile side, for the mobile gross adds, are you seeing a mix shift in terms of the percent that come from existing broadband customers versus new broadband customers, and how do you expect the new promotions to influence that? Thanks.
David Watson: Hey, Michael. Let me start with broadband. We'll get to mobile. The competitive environment remains intense, as we've talked about. You've got three national providers, fixed wireless. Their net adds have stabilized, it looks like, in general. But they're still marketing aggressively. As you mentioned, fiber continues to overbuild, so we're dealing with that overbuild. Overall, we continue to see the impact of this, muted connect activity. As Jason noted, we did see a slight uptick in churn this quarter compared to the record low levels over the last few years, turned still below pre-pandemic levels. The churn increase was relatively broad-based, though. We saw it across our footprint and in all segments of product mixes. But with a little more, it's in mobile substitution, impact this quarter. As that thus, resulting in our actions and the game plan that we have to address our competitiveness, and simplifying our go-to-market approach and leveraging mobile even more aggressively than we've historically done. We've had some success with buy one, get one. This new mobile offering and including it in a package in as simple as the way that we have is going to add a lot of value. Provide long-term opportunities in a healthy, healthy way in terms of roll-offs of mobile after that first year. Competitive issues are across the board. In mobile, we've seen in terms of the mix, a healthy customer base upgrade mix where we have a large upside of about a percent of our customers, broadband customers that don't have our mobile product yet. We see it as a huge opportunity over time. That has been our focus of Upgrade, but we're also competing fiercely for new customers, and we're well-positioned with bring your own device. These new packages are going to be very appealing most certainly, with the one year included and not asking the customer, it's included. It's part of the package. The other thing too, just to make sure everyone reminding people, we just announced this. We've rolled out a new set of premium plans in mobile. We're interested in every segment. We'll compete for customers and broadband mobile packaging. The new premium mobile offerings, we think, will help us compete a little bit more effectively in the premium higher end as well. Really good news on that. Really encouraged. It's only been a week or so since we've done it. But that would be, I think, a good option for our base. A good option for existing mobile customers and will help us compete for new prospects.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Mike. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question is coming from Benjamin Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Curious if you guys have any update for us on how to think about Peacock losses over the rest of this year. Obviously, Q1 big improvement year over year. Some of that might be to be timing, but it'd be helpful if you could give us a little bit of an outlook for that business over the rest of 2025. Kinda sticking with the theme on the pivot in the cable business or connectivity business, Jason, you mentioned the word investment a couple of times. I think Dave, you did too, in one of your answers. We've sort of been accustomed to watching Comcast Corporation execute with sort of a priority or focus on ARPU growth and margin expansion, and obviously, we've seen the subscriber numbers come in light over the last year or so. What would you tell us to think about at least over the next few quarters as you roll out these plans? Seems like you're already starting to see some wireless momentum. Maybe there's some EBITDA pressure, but I thought it'd give you an opportunity to maybe give us a little more help on how the rest of the year looks as you sort of pivot the model in the business. Thanks a lot.
Michael Cavanagh: Hey, Ben. Good morning. It's Mike. I'll hit Peacock. Jason covered a bunch of this, and you touched on it yourself. But I think looking at what Peacock is and what we've accomplished continued, strong revenue growth. So up 16% on revenues year over year. That's on the back of better monetization of subscribers. We took a price increase last year that stuck, but obviously, translates into impact on subscriber growth. We've obviously taken in the charter subs. Overall, we're scaling up the business, and we're monetizing it well. That drove the $400 million of EBITDA growth together with the absence of the NFL wildcard game. I think it shows the power of the team that's running Peacock, and all of this has been focused on it is to keep driving towards improved monetization and build a product that, we started late, but we started in 2020 with the view that will pursue a content strategy that builds on the strengths of NBCUniversal broadly. We've got 80,000 hours of entertainment, including our pay one movies, next-day NBC, Peacock Live originals, Bravo, and Library. But as we look ahead, we've got MBA coming, and sports has been a very key driver of Peacock with NFL, the Olympics, Premier League, the Derby coming up this weekend, I think, Big Ten, and that's been important, acquiring new subs getting engagement with our subs, and leading to engagement in non-sports content. We continue to think that acquiring the rights to bring the NBA back to NBC and Peacock is a big deal. It's a big accomplishment, a big moment. The team is working very hard to make sure not just within sports but across entertainment as well with the new audience that we'll bring in over the years ahead, and we have it for eleven years. Make sure that we use the NBA as a launchpad to further scale Peacock and further monetize it. I won't specifically talk about the second half of this year, but I do think expect Peacock to be on a continuing trend of driving towards improved monetization, bigger scale, and therefore declining losses over time. You zoom back out, and you put Peacock alongside the non-SpinCo media assets where they're hand-in-glove in terms of the skills, the DNA, and the legacy together with the rights across entertainment, news, sports, reality, and the like. I think it's a business that will have some durability and an ability to manage it as one complete business. But I think expect us to continue to look to see improving trends in Peacock as time passes.
Jason Armstrong: Let me hit the ARPU and profitability questions. So taking my cue from Dave and a lot of what he said already. Yeah. As he said, expect healthy broadband ARPU growth this year. That's what we said on the fourth-quarter call. Continue to believe that. I think the real focus is, you know, setting ourselves up for long-term convergence positioning and revenue growth. That's a lot of what you're seeing at this point. The wireless opportunity plays a big role in that. If you think about our ability to accelerate wireless, which we did in the quarter and expect to continue to do over the year, we're putting in place an expansion of how we're thinking about wireless and extending it into the base. Thirteen percent of our base has exposure to wireless right now. It's a fantastic product. We want more of our base to have it. If you think about the pricing levers we're going to have over time, as you get to the one-year mark and the two-year mark, and free one-year promotional customers roll into a paying relationship, we think that, by the way, is still at a substantial discount to where market rates are. If they have exposure to our product, like our product, they start paying for it at rates that are lower than they can get elsewhere. We think that's a very good trade-off and provides for upside in the future as it relates to how we monetize convergence relationships. On the broadband side, as Dave pointed to it. As we look at the competitive environment, fiber is what it is. It continues to creep into our footprint at three to four percent per year. That's no change from what we've seen in the past years. We've competed against fiber for twenty plus years at this point. It's a very predictable pattern that we haven't really seen changing. It's a pattern where the first three years, there's a significant market share gain, then it levels out, and the patterns we see in those markets, whether it's our own ARPU, churn rates, margins, very much resemble our broader base. It's a segment we know how to compete well against. I would tell you that the newer competitor in the last few years has been fixed wireless. They're adding a million subscribers per quarter, so that's where the competitive intensity we're seeing, that's sort of incremental. We are competing aggressively with it. But if you think about the areas where fixed wireless performed well, they're not leading with network, not leading with speed, not leading home coverage, but they have a pricing construct in terms of simplicity and ease of doing business. That resonated. Exactly what we're going after. That's exactly what the changes in the last couple of months have been. You'll see incremental changes from us going forward. That's the investment activity we're talking about. Dave put some context around that and said, yeah, obviously, this is going to make it more difficult to grow EBITDA this year. We effectively said that last quarter. I think that's where expectations are for us already. But the other side of this, when we get through it is really what we're positioning ourselves for, which is customers that are a lot more durable. They're on price plans that are at market rates with long-term contractual guarantees and then a discounted wireless offering broadly exposed to our base gives us a pricing lever over time.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Ben. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. Next question today is coming from Jessica Reif Cohen from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Thanks. I've got a couple of questions on media. A couple of quarters ago, you said you were open to streaming consolidation. Could you give us your updated thoughts on that? Also, maybe an update on timing of the cable SpinCo. You also announced this theme park in the UK. Could you talk about how you're thinking about the parks with long-term town? As you expand into new markets? I guess finally, I think Jason mentioned that, obviously, the industry not just you, is very vulnerable to this lack of visibility and changing economic environment. Can you talk about anything different than you're doing in your upfront approach? You've mentioned NBA several times as a big driver for advertising. Maybe talk about NBA overall, like, clearly, you'll benefit on advertising and it's a positive for Peacock longer term. What can you help us frame the financial impact as these costs go up? Is there an affiliate fee increase that goes along with it? Thank you.
Michael Cavanagh: So there's a bunch there. Let me tick through those. It's Mike. Jessica. So partnerships on Peacock, I think the point of my earlier commentary on Peacock and what we've built is fair to say that the broad audience appeal of Peacock with everything I described, our Paywan movies, NBC Next Day content, Bravo, The Library, Sports, including NBA, NFL, and the like, makes it a strong element of any future consumer bundle. Whether that be through bundles or partnerships, the point is we're doing our thing to make Peacock what we think the consumer want, will be strong in the marketplace. Opportunities come along to partner up in bundles or otherwise, we'll be happy to consider those things if they make sense. But there's no news to report on that front. SpinCo, your second one, SpinCo continues to no change in our expectation of timing, around the end of the year. For UK Parks, I just spent time answering another question, so I won't repeat myself. But I think we feel very strongly that the returns that we're getting, given our position and strength, in the parks business as we know it today, gives us the right and opportunity to deploy capital in smaller opportunities, which are the, horror experience that will open in Vegas this year and the kids' park in Frisco, Texas next year. But we've looked around the world. We're always looking for ways to put capital to work in our growth businesses. The UK opportunity came along. We feel quite good about the prospects there. But I think to answer the broad question, what's our plan for the parks business, the plan is to keep driving growth in a business that we think we're one of two players in a market that is within media not exposed to the shift in time on screens from, one venue to another. Live experiences parks experiences, have been thrilling to people, and think we lean into that. Continue to do so. Finally, upfront industry vulnerability. Nothing really to add there. All things considered, ad revenue was, flat in the first quarter when you adjust for timing of sports and political. Impacts aren't yet really seen of the uncertainty that we're observing in the markets. But it may well be coming. We've got a great team led by Mark Marshall running ad sales. We're coming up with new products, new ways to leverage all the assets of NBCUniversal as we go into the marketplace. Our content all of it, but inclusive of the new content from NBA is going to be a key anchor of, what we do what we look to do around the upfronts. More broadly, as the future rolls in and we look to monetize Peacock and NBC and Bravo, The stronger the portfolio, the more we deserve to command in all forms of revenue monetization. No news to point to there today.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jessica. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from John Hodulik from UBS. Your line is now live.
John Hodulik: Great. Thank you. Maybe back to Dave on broadband. I'm just wondering if the churn commentary that you guys talked about in the quarter and maybe what you're seeing in business, is there any sense that that could be driven by the slowing macro environment, outside of what you may be seeing on the media side? Because it doesn't seem like the competitive environment really changed that dramatically as we went from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. Then digging in a little bit on the business side, is it just small business where you guys see the relationship trends get worse. Are you seeing anything on the government side? Can you talk a little bit about your government exposure after Verizon actually called out a little bit of weakness on the government given what's going on in spending there? Thanks.
David Watson: This is Dave. Talked about competition a lot. The one thing I'll just highlight is the difference is an uptick, a little bit in mobile substitution. That's really know, Mike and Jason talked about, fiber continued three national the fixed wireless stable, but still marketing, know, very aggressively. I think that mobile substitution is the only difference, and it's just an uptick there. In business services, I'd say it most certainly small business pressure in terms of relationships. Our strategy is broad-based in terms of revenue generation in every relationship and even small business. We're adding a lot of products and services to those relationships. Really encouraged by that. Our focus has continued to shift having done a nice job on in small business to mid and enterprise customers. That's where we're getting traction, as we provide complete answers for our customers in those segments as we do connectivity to advanced services and adding a new part of the company, Nitell, which is great. So we're very excited about that, but the pressure is in small business.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, John. That will be our last question from the analyst community. I want to now hand the call over to Brian Roberts for some closing remarks.
Brian Roberts: Listening to all this, let me first comment on broadband. Just add my own view where we're clearly facing some challenges, but as you've heard, with a lot of passion, the team has a sense of urgency. Energy and focus on getting customer pain points resolved. While this may take a little time to fully take hold, our history of operational execution success would tell you that although sometimes we may not move first, once we get in motion, we do it extremely well. We have real momentum in wireless, and the path to continue to accelerate that. As we've seen in the market, once it gets moving, it'll allow more creativity in marketing. We have industry-leading growth in business services at scale and investments to expand the opportunities and grow into new categories, making it a $60 billion addressable market. Very excited about that. I don't want to belate it, but I invite all of you to come visit Epic soon. Bring your family. I think you're in for a great experience. Later this year, amazing content, we have a terrific movie slate including Jurassic and Wicked, amazing sports with the NBA as we just talked about, but also we broadcast the Super Bowl, the Winter Olympics right at the same time, and the World Cup, which puts us in a very enviable position. I really like our strategy, our balance sheet strength. Regardless of global uncertainty, I feel we have a fantastic and unique company and am quite optimistic. Thanks, everybody.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, everybody, for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. Replay of the call will be available starting at 11:30 AM Eastern Time today on Comcast Corporation's Investor Relations website. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining us on today's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Jason Armstrong and Dave Watson. I will now refer you to Slide 2 of the presentation accompanying this call, which can also be found on our Investor Relations website and which contains our safe harbor disclaimer. This conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedule issued earlier this morning for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Cavanagh: Good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. We are very proud that the company produced record revenue of $124 billion and record adjusted EBITDA of $38 billion in 2024. In addition, we grew adjusted EPS by 9% and generated substantial free cash flow of $12.5 billion. This is despite the intense competition and strategic challenges that we faced across our businesses. And in our Residential Connectivity business, in particular, broadband revenue grew 3% for the year. And convergence revenue, which we define as domestic broadband and wireless revenue, grew nearly 5%, which is among the best performance across the converged players, despite our incumbent status in broadband and as we faced continued overbuilding, fixed wireless expansion and the challenges associated with the end of the ACP program. As you've already seen in our earnings release, net broadband subscriber additions were negative 139,000 in the fourth quarter, which is disappointing and worse than what we indicated in early December. Dave will discuss in more detail when we get to Q&A, but in short competitive conditions remain intense, dynamic and varied across our footprint and customer segments, and we see no signs of this changing in the near term. Dave is not sitting still in this environment, and he will discuss later in the call the actions that his team has underway. But let me be clear that all of us continue to strongly believe in the long-term opportunity for our Connectivity business despite the need to adjust to the ever evolving competitive environment. Zooming back out, in 2024, we made substantial progress in each of our six growth businesses. To run through each one briefly, first, residential domestic broadband revenue grew 3%, as I just mentioned. Second, in wireless, revenue grew at a mid-teens rate, and we added another 1.2 million lines, taking us to 7.8 million as of year-end and to 12% penetration of our broadband customer base. Third, we delivered strong results in Business Services, growing revenue and EBITDA at mid-single digit rates. And we continue to identify new growth opportunities like our recently announced plans to acquire Nitel, which will enhance our capabilities to serve multisite enterprise and mid-market businesses. Today, Comcast business is nearly $10 billion in revenue and a $60 billion addressable market in the U.S. Fourth, in streaming, we achieved a $1 billion improvement in Peacock EBITDA losses and delivered on the promise of streaming with the excellent execution of the Paris Olympics. Fifth is our Studio business, where we rank second in global box office, making it the third year in a row where we've been either #1 or #2. And our TV studios ended the broadcast season with more top 10 series than any other studio. And finally, in our Destinations & Experiences business, we finished the year strong across our parks globally after having experienced some temporary headwinds in the middle of the year. Our team stayed hard at work preparing for the opening of Epic Universe in May of this year. Now turning to 2025. Our plans call for us to make progress on all of these fronts again, but let me highlight two areas for deeper commentary. First is Dave's action plan behind the commitment to drive continued growth in broadband and convergence revenue. We will lean into wireless more than ever before. We are the challenger in a market that is 2.5x the size of broadband with a capital light strategy that does not require network trade-offs. Wireless is a meaningful differentiator as our converged offers provide great savings to the consumer. And so you will see us shift our strategy to package mobile with more of our higher-tier broadband products, both for new and many of our existing customers. In addition, we will be capitalizing on our broadband and WiFi network capabilities by automatically boosting the speeds of Xfinity Mobile customers by up to 1 gig whenever they connect to our 23 million WiFi hotspots, which is the largest and fastest WiFi network in North America. Next is our world-class broadband network, which consistently delivers peak performance even as Internet traffic increases at double-digit rates. This fall alone, we saw NFL streaming and large game downloads drive the biggest consumption in Internet history. These trends play to our strengths as we have the best path to deliver data in the most cost-efficient way over the long term. So a top priority is driving our broadband network upgrade that will ultimately deliver multi-gigabit symmetrical speeds across every market we serve and incorporate AI throughout our entire network. Project Genesis, as we call it, is making great progress. Today, over 50% of our network is fully virtualized, and we will reach about 70% by the end of this year. Now that we are more than halfway through, we will be introducing new pricing and packaging in the upgraded markets in the coming months that will bundle wireless and Internet with faster upload speeds and simplified all-in pricing with the goal of removing points of friction with our customers. Finally, we are creating new products designed to appeal to our key customer segments and provide more flexibility with attractive pricing. One example is our sports and news TV package announced just last week that combines the best linear networks along with Peacock at a price that is competitive against virtual MVPDs. We know sports fans want and need great broadband. And we will continue to look for packages like these to sell more Xfinity Internet and to lower churn for existing subscribers, which together increased customer lifetime value. Helping Dave across all of these priorities will be Steve Croney, who in the past month was promoted to Chief Operating Officer of Connectivity & Platforms. His areas of responsibility are Comcast residential and commercial businesses, including product strategy, sales and marketing, customer experience, field operations and data analytics. Steve will serve as a catalyst as we push even harder for progress across the range of initiatives I just laid out. Now moving to Content & Experiences. The big news of the fourth quarter was our decision to spin off a strong portfolio of cable television networks and digital assets to our shareholders in a tax-free transaction that we estimate will be completed at the end of the year. Earlier this month, we announced key appointments to the future senior leadership team for this new company with Mark Lazarus as CEO; and Anand Kini as CFO and Chief Operating Officer. As a well-capitalized independent company with a focused management team and strong portfolio of news, sports and genre-based entertainment, SpinCo will be well positioned to lead in the changing cable and digital media landscape. Importantly, the creation of SpinCo will be a positive catalyst for what I've been calling future NBCUniversal. First, let me define what that looks like. When we announced SpinCo in November, we also announced the restructuring of the remaining NBCU Media businesses, which will operate together and consist of the NBC broadcast network with NBC Sports, which is the home of the NFL, the Olympics, the Premier League, NASCAR, golf and later this year, the NBA; and Bravo, which is a leader in reality television and home of beloved franchises, including the Real Housewives and Below Deck. Together, NBC and Bravo reach 100 million U.S. households each month and help power Peacock. Then there's Peacock itself, which in four years has built a base of 36 million subscribers and integrates original programming, universal films and exclusive sports and news as well as NBC News, the leading news organization in the United States plus Telemundo, America's #1 Spanish language content powerhouse and our local stations. With our Media business now focused on streaming and broadcast alongside our growing Studios and Destinations & Experiences businesses, the future NBCU will continue to be one of the largest media companies in the world with nearly $40 billion in annual revenue. NBCU will be on a growth trajectory fueled by our world-class content, technology, IP, properties and talent, all working in concert with each other as an integrated media company. Our extraordinary parks business and industry-leading film and TV studios are already positioned for long-term success. Theme Parks will be supercharged by the opening of Epic Universe, the most technologically advanced theme park ever. And just last week, our film studio earned a total of 25 Oscar nominations, the most in the studio's history. This is on the heels of a hugely successful run for Wicked, which at over $700 million at the global box office has become the highest grossing film based on a Broadway musical. So to wrap up, I want to reiterate the confidence that our entire management team has in our business, allowing us to again raise our dividend by a healthy $0.08 per share. Through our dividend payments and share repurchases, we have now returned more than $55 billion to shareholders, since 2021 when we resumed our buyback program. And while we've demonstrated our commitment to returning capital to shareholders, we've been transparent that our first priority is to reinvest to set ourselves up for revenue growth, and we've done so consistently across six key growth drivers. We expect this formula to guide us in 2025 and the years ahead. Before I turn it over to Jason, I'd like to close by saying that our hearts go out to everyone impacted by the devastating wildfires. I am in awe of the first responders and others on the front lines and grateful to our news teams on the ground, covering this tragedy and sharing vital information as well as the operations teams and everyone in the community who have rallied to support people in this difficult time. Jason, over to you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Mike, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. I want to start with a high-level overview of our consolidated results. Total revenue grew 2% for both the fourth quarter and the full-year with our six major growth drivers, including residential broadband, wireless, Business Services Connectivity, Theme Parks, streaming and premium content in our Studios increasing at a mid-single-digit rate and now comprising close to 60% of our total revenue. On a reported basis, we grew EBITDA 10% to $8.8 billion for the fourth quarter and 1% to $38.1 billion for the full-year. Excluding severance and other in both years, EBITDA grew 8% in the quarter and 1% for the full-year. Adjusted EPS increased 14% to $0.96 in the fourth quarter and 9% to $4.33 for the full-year. We generated $3.3 billion of free cash flow for the quarter and $12.5 billion for the full-year, returning over 100% of this to shareholders with $13.5 billion of capital returned for the full-year. Now I'd like to touch on broadband, where we lost 139,000 customers in the quarter, while we grew ARPU 3.1%. Importantly, our measuring stick is revenue growth. And on that score, for the full-year, we grew broadband revenue 3% and convergence revenue by 5%. And into 2025, we expect broadband revenue to continue on a growth trajectory with convergence revenue again growing at an even faster pace than broadband revenue. Our view over the near term is that fiber operators will continue to overbuild us, and fixed wireless operators will continue to sell into remaining excess capacity. Longer term, our view is that we will face fiber as the primary competition in most of our footprint. In effect, there will be two multi-gig symmetrical wires in the vast majority of homes that we serve. In addition, there will be opportunistic, capacity-constrained competitors carving out a permanent part of the market in the form of fixed wireless and likely satellite as well. That shouldn't be a surprise to anybody. That is and has for quite a while now been our view of the long-term structural and competitive characteristics of the broadband market. Along those lines, let me remind you that we've competed against fiber for over 20 years. And during this time, we have generally seen a repeated pattern where new fiber builds gain early market share wins and then settle into fairly equal market share amongst providers over the medium to longer term. Despite the increased competition, these markets maintain strong ARPU characteristics in line with non-fiber markets. Keep in mind that this past experience versus fiber was with prior-generation cable networks, where fiber was able to market a significant speed advantage. That's increasingly not the case now and will not be the case in the future where multi-gig symmetrical parity will exist among both of us and will further differentiate our offering with everything that we surround around broadband like whole home coverage, control, security, aggregation, best in-home WiFi and added value in wireless. Speaking of wireless, we have an incredible hand in conversions, underpinned by ubiquitous broadband network, product differentiation and a super competitive wireless product available to all of our customers. In fact, in convergence terms, while we are the incumbent in the $80 billion U.S. residential broadband market, we are the challenger in the far larger $200 billion U.S. wireless market. Wireless is an integral part of our broadband strategy. It reduces churn and is a key acquisition tool and a driver of our strong convergence revenue growth, which has been in the mid-single digits and at the high end of our telecom peers and competitors. And with 7.8 million total wireless lines, which is 12% penetration of our residential broadband customer base or around 6% of our total passings, we have a long runway ahead. Finally, on Business Services, the fourth quarter, the full-year 2024 and our outlook for 2025 all fit within the same framework. And that is within small and medium-sized business segment, we're operating in the same competitive environment as residential broadband. And similarly, despite the elevated competition, we are delivering nice revenue growth in this segment driven by higher adoption of our suite of advanced services that deepens the relationship with our large base of customers. Add in significant progress in revenue growth we're seeing across larger enterprise and government contracts and the overall category of Business Services has been growing at an industry-leading mid-single-digit range with a total revenue base approaching $10 billion and a margin at nearly 57% as of year-end. Putting this all together, in the quarter, Connectivity & Platforms revenue remained consistent with the prior year as 5% growth in our connectivity businesses was offset by revenue declines in video and other, while EBITDA grew 2% and margins expanded by another 80 basis points when excluding severance and other in both periods. Looking ahead, we intend to lean into wireless, which means additional investment there, but the overall framework for growth over the long-term remains the same: a mix shift driven by continued strong growth in our connectivity businesses, which creates opportunity for further margin expansion, the same dynamics that have driven our results for the past several years. And we still believe we can deliver that in 2025 despite certain higher areas of investment. In addition, we landed our CapEx intensity at just over 10% in 2024 and expect to continue in and around this range for 2025. This all creates continued favorable characteristics for strong and growing net cash flow generation coming out of Connectivity & Platforms. In the Content & Experiences segment, I would frame the business as follows. In parks, we're seeing some stabilization after a slowdown in the second and third quarters. Adjusted for Epic preopening costs of around $35 million, EBITDA in the fourth quarter was flat year-over-year with attendance trends improving across most of our parks, including Orlando, solidifying the foundation for our opening of Epic Universe in May. We couldn't be more excited for the launch of Epic. We've also been clear we will have significant costs leading up to this opening with over $100 million or the vast majority landing in the first quarter. In addition, we will have incremental domestic marketing spend as well as an impact from the tragic fires that raged around Hollywood. Our Studios continue to deliver as this was the third straight year in which we've been in the top 2 in global box office. And we are excited about the 2025 slate, which includes How to Train Your Dragon, Jurassic World Rebirth and Wicked: For Good, just to name a few. While we expect another strong theatrical and PVOD run, Studio EBITDA growth will be impacted in 2025 by higher marketing expenses tied to a larger film slate and lower carryover from prior years, given the writers' and actors' strikes in 2023. In Media, we are making a successful pivot to streaming as evidenced by Peacock's strong revenue growth of 46% for the full-year, driving a $1 billion improvement in Peacock's EBITDA loss. And we expect to make continued improvement in Peacock EBITDA losses in 2025. We couldn't be more excited for the year ahead as we welcome the NBA back to NBC and also on Peacock later this year. To put 2024 in perspective, we dealt with potentially the most competitive environment we faced in broadband, saw an unexpected but significant temporary slowdown in Theme Parks and made major investments in our key growth initiatives. Yet when you sum it all up, we grew adjusted EPS nearly double-digits and generated $12.5 billion in free cash flow, speaking to the overall breadth and resilience of our business. At the same time, we maintained a healthy balance sheet, ending the year with net leverage at 2.3x, while returning $13.5 billion to shareholders, including over $8.5 billion in share repurchases. Since we restarted our buyback program in 2021, we've reduced our share count by nearly 20% and see significant room to continue to deliver on this trajectory. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Roberts: During all of that, I'm certainly proud that we had the best year in our 60-year history with record revenue, EBITDA and EPS along with significant free cash flow, all while returning so much capital to shareholders and never take any of that for granted. Our team is executing in industries that are going through rapid and exciting transformation. And it's our founding principle to lean into that change and constantly look for new growth as we have always done. I also like to step back and think about our assets from our 64 million homes passed with really fast gig speed Internet to our robust backbone with hundreds of thousands of miles of fiber, localized data centers complete with space, power and connectivity, together, this network gives us a competitive advantage in the markets we serve but also importantly positions us really well for new growth opportunities in a world hungry for connectivity that will be increasingly driven by AI and edge computing. So as we turn the page to the coming year, there's a lot to be excited about, starting with our most recent Comcast business acquisition of Nitel; the launch of Epic Universe, much awaited; and our new 11-year deal that will welcome the NBA back to NBC, just to name a few. We have a wonderful company, but nothing beats good execution. And as you heard, our team is already hard at work and energized for what lies ahead in 2025 and beyond. Marci, now over to you for Q&A.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Brian. Operator, let's open the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. I want to come back to your comments on wireless. Obviously, you guys are excited about that opportunity and seem to be -- I think Mike used the word shifting strategies that -- should we be expecting net adds to accelerate? Is that what success looks like there? And any more comments you can give around the investments that Jason mentioned and kind of removing friction, thinking about things like handset subsidies, et cetera? And then I know you talked about it, but I don't know if Brian want to comment on just the vision for NBC's Media business sort of post the spin-off kind of wrapped in sports and broadcast. But like longer term, how do you think about the growth opportunities for what we used to think about as kind of the television business at NBC? Thanks so much.
Michael Cavanagh: Hey, Ben, I'll start, and then maybe Dave can chime in on wireless, and Brian on Media. I'd like to start on that one, too. But -- so on wireless, yes, I think we're pleased that we've gotten to 12% penetration. I think we have a very good hand as you think about offering a converged offering to consumers with the best broadband product out there across 63 million homes, together with the ability to put a mobile phone in people's hands with a good value on the best network with the best devices. So we've been at it for a few years, and I think we like what we see. And our intention is to push harder. We've seen Charter try some things that we have watched and seen what they're doing, so I think pushing for more simplified bundles. One thing we talked about in the earlier comments is how as we've rolled out our network upgrades, it's going to both enable stronger products, a stronger converged product across mobile and broadband. Together with the friction points is putting some more simplicity in the offers themselves and the way we go to market with broadband and wireless together. And I think in addition to that, we're going to be looking at trying to attach and penetrate our existing base of customers, not just new customers but especially those in our highest value wireless cohorts. So all that will have some impact on -- as we invest behind success, but that's -- and that's what Jason was referring to. Dave, I don't know if you want to add anything to that?
David Watson: Yes, Mike. Hi Ben, the -- we had certainly some success with our prior approach leading up to this moment with wireless and buy one, get one. It's been a pretty -- we were pleased with that. But I felt it was the right moment to shift strategy to package mobile rate and included with into more of our higher-tier broadband products. This is a fundamental shift that will impact acquisition, base management, and retention to be included. So included mobile, and it's all towards the effort that both Mike and Jason have talked about our overall goal of driving converged revenue.
Brian Roberts: And just to add one last thought on wireless. As I think about the industry opportunity, when they went from four to three, that makes it a business where you tend to see prices go up. And that creates a better business opportunity for a new entrant like ourselves. And so all the dynamics would appear to make that a good growth for many, many years to come. I think for the Media business, the spin, I just want to echo that I think makes a lot of sense. 98% of the viewing on Peacock does not include the spun networks. So they need their own direct-to-consumer digital initiatives and focus and investment. And I think Mark Lazarus and Anand Kini and the team are going to do a superb job and we're -- it will take a little while to get that launch. But one of the things Mike did was begin to operate the company as if it's already happened. So we've got a whole new team in the remaining Media businesses and the leadership that we've announced is in place and functioning. And we were just meeting the other day. And they have a pretty exciting road map. It starts with Epic Universe this May. In the Television business, to your question, I think that the content we make works on Peacock. We are also a provider to other platforms. I think we sell content to every platform and I think with the addition of something like the NBA combined with the Olympics, combined with Sunday Night Football, combined with Premier League and then shows like Day of the Jackal, we have something called the Americas coming up, which will be on NBC and using NBC to drive Peacock and vice versa more than maybe we have in the past, it's a very exciting business. So Mike, you want to add anything on that piece of the question?
Michael Cavanagh: I think that it really, I agree with everything you said. I think it does two things. One is I think the assets that are going to SpinCo are strong as many of have observed. But the fact of the matter, as Brian called out, the 98% quote, they weren't integral to the emphasis we've put on Peacock and a streaming future for NBC broadcast in particular. And so I think those assets are going to be better managed and have opportunities in the future that are better optimized for our shareholders by putting them in the hands of the strong leadership team Brian described with light debt and sort of strength. So that is an area -- getting management focus has always proven to me to be -- there's great ideas that many of us has as we got this started. And I think Mark and Anand have come up with several others, and it's more to come. What it leaves is an equally focused management team under Donna Langley and Matt Strauss that are now taking the NBC broadcast assets together with Bravo, which Brian did mention sort of the leader in reality television, both of which feed substantially the viewing in Peacock itself along with movies, sports and the like. And I think the opportunity that that team sees in bringing together in a way that I don't think would be possible without separating the two different businesses. They'll create a cohesive management team across programming. So what content gets greenlit with a complete end-to-end view about how you could window across NBC Broadcast or Bravo or Peacock and back and forth make investments that are really end-to-end and get their management teams streamlined, frankly, so that quicker, better decisions get made in support of a singular remaining streaming-focused, but with an important linear elements to it in terms of Bravo and NBC that I think opens up what we've been talking about for a while, which is that we're not really running a Peacock-only strategy. We're running a broadcast plus streaming strategy and looking to optimize that over the years ahead.
Brian Roberts: Last point I would make is, Mike, you have stepped into this, figured it out, executed extremely well. There's more energy bounced to step in both parts, SpinCo and the RemainingCo. So we're very excited, and your leadership is noticed and appreciated.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks everyone.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Ben. Operator, next question please.
Operator: The next question is from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett: Hi, thank you. Dave, staying with the broadband business for a minute. Can you talk about what you've learned in your Project Genesis markets as the -- and you talked about now leaning into marketing and promotion around letting people know that, that's done. Talk about what that looks like, if you would? And what you expect will be different in the markets where you now have a symmetrical broadband offering with speeds that are sort of fiber-like, if you would?
David Watson: Got it. Hey, Craig. So what -- first off, what we're pleased with, what we're learning is we're right on track in terms of Genesis. We -- 50% of the first phase completed, and we're moving at a very good clip. Vast majority of the plant will have that mid-split side of things upgraded by the end of this year. So we're pleased with it operationally. We're pleased with the architecture, the promise of virtualizing elements of it so we can introduce all the things that Mike mentioned in regards to how we manage the network day in, day out that keeps the -- it efficient and effective as a network. So we made significant progress. And -- but maybe the biggest point to what we're saying today is, we're certainly -- this is a vast road map to ubiquitous multi-gig symmetrical. But we're not waiting. We are moving now on the first phase as we upgrade the plant to be able to introduce the simplified packaging that I think will make a difference in the marketplace. This will obviously have our best tiers of broadband. Mobile will be included. It's really simplified and reducing a lot of the pain points that we've seen in the marketplace just -- so including a faster path to everyday pricing. So it is a, I think, a really important moment for us. We're pleased about this opportunity to be able to get going and expect second quarter that we would begin to put the pedal down on that effort.
Craig Moffett: Dave, can you share any learnings for how competition is different in those places? Or is it still too early, because you haven't really launched the marketing around it yet?
David Watson: Yes, it is still too early, Craig. We'll launch the simplified -- the packaging side of things in the second quarter. So what we have seen is that it's an important first step of upgrading speed capability. And you combine that with great WiFi in the home. So it's a good fundamental step forward, but it's too early to talk about the competitive shift until we get the full marketing going.
Craig Moffett: Got it. Thank you.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Craig. Operator, next question please.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Ng from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Ng: Hey, good morning. Thank you for the question. I just have two. First, on domestic broadband, could you just talk a little bit about the ARPU outlook? Should we expect ARPU growth to accelerate from here, just given the absence of things like hurricane rebates and some of the price increases implemented at the beginning of this year? And then for Jason, I was just wondering if you could talk about free cash flow for next year. Obviously, a few moving parts between cash taxes, the cash tax refund and CapEx potentially coming down in C&E. So any thoughts there would be great? Thank you.
David Watson: Michael, this is Dave. Let me start with your point on ARPU. So we expect continued healthy ARPU growth. Our overall focus is on broadband and convergence revenue growth though. That is the main point as Mike and Jason have called out. And the good news is there are different levers we have and we'll continue to pull, but in the context of how we really are focused on maximizing overall revenue growth. So in a dynamic environment, we've got those levers to pull, and we will make the right decisions to optimize the levers to build longer-term sustainable revenue growth. So as I mentioned before, we are implementing a number of new approaches, and we'll continue to make the best decisions for now and in the long term. So going to give you an example. Whenever we accelerate wireless and pushing harder there, we think it's the right, smart competitive decision. We may not be right within the range that we have been, but still expect ARPU to be very healthy. Jason?
Jason Armstrong: Yes, Mike, thanks for the question. So let me round out free cash flow, maybe step back a little bit. We gave an outlook on the call for a number of different parts of the business. As you get down to free cash flow, I'll step you through brief views on working capital, maybe complete the picture on CapEx, and then you mentioned cash tax as well. So it starts with what's the underlying base. The underlying base is very healthy free cash flow generation. As you saw in 2024, we generated $12.5 billion. That's in the context of we did have a $2 billion one-time headwind that we called out in the second quarter. So really, really free cash flow was probably $2 billion ahead of that. That's how we look at the baseline for 2024. And then entering into 2025, you're right. In the release today, we did talk about a tailwind to cash taxes in 2025. That will be roughly a couple billion dollars. So that's going to be a tailwind to us. We'll be clear about that at the time, and I would view that as a one-time thing. But nonetheless, helpful relative to 2024 where cash taxes went the other way. Working capital is another sort of key part to this. I think we're -- it's tough to guide with total visibility and predictability, but I would point you to the last couple of years. 2024 working capital headwind was about $1.5 billion, 2023 was roughly $2 billion. Those in rough terms are probably the right goalpost to think about for 2025. And if you step back, the key things that caused working capital headwinds are attached to our growth businesses. It's handset subsidies. It's production around a lot of the streaming properties. It's sports rights. So those are all still in place for 2025 and beyond. So that's what that category will look like. But hopefully, that helps there. And then on capital intensity, we were clear about cable capital intensity. We landed the year at just over 10%. That's the outlook for 2025, and that's in the context of very strong new homes passed continue to really be aggressive in passing a new home formation. So we'll continue to invest pretty aggressively there, but within that capital intensity envelope and feel comfortable about that. And then on the Content & Experiences side, you're right to point out, we are nearing the tail end of the Epic sort of construction phase. And so we will get relief from that over the course of 2025.
Michael Ng: Great, Thank you, Jason. Thank you, Dave.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Mike. Operator, next question please.
Operator: The next question is from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks guys. Following up on the wireless commentary. I'm wondering if you can just -- it looks like revenue growth was strong this quarter even in the context of pretty strong subscriber growth. I'm wondering if you could help pull apart how much of that growth came from ARPU growth in wireless versus equipment revenue. And then we've been hearing that the MVNO contract could be up for renewal this year. I'm wondering if you could give us some context for what you expect in pricing when that renewal does come up and how it might impact margins in the wireless business. Thanks.
Jason Armstrong: So Jon, let me start with wireless growth and sort of I think your question really was sort of service versus equipment. I would tell you, very healthy growth in wireless. We added 1.2 million subs year-over-year. That translated into mid-teens revenue growth. And if you were to break it down in terms of service versus equipment, service revenue growth was sort of right in that range as well.
David Watson: Yes. Jonathan, Dave. There's no new news in terms of MVNO approach. We're pleased with our current position. And as Brian opened up where the marketplace has consolidated, cable is in a unique position to be able to drive real value, not only for us but for our partner. So we're -- no new news though at this point.
Michael Cavanagh: And I think -- Mike just adding in, and we're a sizable partner at this stage, which is important as you think about the -- and we're not the only one in the partnership with -- on wireless. So I think that's different than the discussions from years past.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jonathan. Operator, next question please.
Operator: The next question is from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Thank you. Maybe switching gears a little bit from the new strategy. Last quarter, you announced the restructuring, SpinCo and maybe plans to consolidate on streaming. Can you give us any update? Do you think the market will consolidate in streaming? Any commentary for M&A in terms of cable? Will scale help your competitive position in broadband and wireless? And I guess, Media, are there any pieces that you think are still missing or you would benefit from scale? And then on SpinCo, can you maybe discuss the strategy a little bit more? You mentioned that -- you alluded to streaming, but is the focus going to be on sports, news, acquisitions or cost cutting?
Michael Cavanagh: Sure, it's Mike. I'll start and Brian can finish. I mean, just quickly on SpinCo, it's exactly as I said earlier. I mean the assets that go into SpinCo are leaders in genre-based entertainment, sports and news. I think running those businesses well, which the team -- leadership team will do is the job at hand. And they're working together naming new leaders and putting together a strategy. So when they're ready to talk about what their strategy will be at some point down the road, we'll come back. But I think the idea certainly is that they're a freestanding strong collection of businesses with lots of cash flow generation capability for many years to come, good market positions and now great focus. So I think I'm optimistic that, that creates good opportunities for our shareholders however Mark and Anand really decide to take that strategy forward. For the remaining Media business inside NBCU that I commented on earlier, I think it's set up to -- we're not looking to need anything other than our own assets and our own focus. So getting, again, Donna and Matt aligned with the teams underneath and combining the assets that we have today that I mentioned earlier into a new media group is, I think creates great fuel for the streaming strategy that is Peacock for those NBC assets. When you zoom -- would we be interested in partnerships? Absolutely, we'll have -- we're wide open to, as I said, when we announced on the last earnings call, openness to possibilities of partnerships, bundling. We'll consider anything. So -- but I think the point of it in partnerships is what do you bring to the table and getting our assets very tightly focused around a strong strategy for Peacock, I think enables us to be a good partner, any partnerships that may or may not come to pass. But if they don't come to pass, I think we're fine running what we have. When you expand more widely to the whole Media or Content & Experiences business, you put that new media company with NBC and Peacock, Bravo and the like alongside a leading Studio business that is a grower in high value and great leadership and sustained success over the past several years and great slates coming in this year and 2026 and a TV studios business that will now be under [indiscernible] or had been, but along with other NBC network and the like as we go forward for programming decisions along with Donna, I think that sets the Studios up for sustained success and growth. And lastly, parks, which we talked about before. So when you look at the -- what remains in the aggregate media company, it's a strong, strong business, one of the best in the country, if not the world. And I think it sets a very high bar for thinking about whether any kind of M&A in that space would be accretive to us versus just running the businesses we have. And that's the work we've been doing to sort of streamline our businesses. So we like what we have with or without anything inorganic. So that's the Media side, and Brian can come in on top of that.
Brian Roberts: Look, I think that's a pretty -- very complete answer. One just on SpinCo, I would say one of the two other points is that we have first mover. We've heard others now talking about perhaps similar idea of the same. And secondly, we're going to have -- they're going to have a great balance sheet, probably the envy of many, which will allow them to have the pick of what strategy Jessica to employ there. And I think we want to give them the time and space to figure that out. And as Mike said, they'll be back and anxious to tell you that strategy. But I think that's not going to happen until later in the year. And I think just generally, you can apply the answer you gave to Media on the rest of the world. We're looking -- we always look at everything and think about everything. I think that's our job as management. That's been -- but we have a high bar, and we don't do things very often and look at the situations and make the best judgment you can. Sitting here today, the company with 38 -- the company we just reported with the best year in 60 years with all the various things we've just been talking about in the call, revenue growth, EBITDA growth, free cash flow. Jason, a while ago kind of created an algorithm goal for us, which is to take maybe slower EBITDA growth than historically. But given the CapEx profile, tax profile, you end up with a free cash flow with -- you're buying back stock, you end up with an EPS and free cash flow per share kind of reliable performance that gets you to the kind of 9%, I think you said, growth kind of close to double-digits. So that algorithm, something has to really help that algorithm accelerate. So I like what we've got, and I thought Mike's answer covered some of the specifics on the Media side.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Thank you.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jessica. Operator, next question please.
Operator: The next question is from John Hodulik from UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Great. Maybe for Dave back on the broadband question. Just the change you guys saw in December, was that -- do you think that was more from competition? And then if so, could you break it down? Or were you seeing more pressure from fiber to the home or fixed wireless? And you mentioned satellite for the first time. Are you actually seeing that now? Or is just some expectation in the future? And then for Jason, one of the things where you guys have been very successful over the last few years is improving margins in cable or on the connectivity side. Does that equation still hold as we look forward considering the new strategy to combine broadband and wireless more aggressively? Thanks.
David Watson: John, this is Dave. Let me start. So as Mike led off with, right away, we may have been a little too optimistic with what we're seeing and more in the price-conscious segment in an earlier part of the quarter in December. But the main point bringing us back up, it's intensely competitive in all segments. So it's little bit of a shift, but it's -- you have fixed wireless while it's leveled. They're still out there aggressively marketing, and you got fiber that's overbuilding. So that has continued.
Jason Armstrong: John, let me hit your questions on margins, which I think was in the C&P segment. So we've had, obviously a really good history of driving margin expansion. The things that broadly contribute to that, and I think as I said in the upfront remarks are mix shift in the business, number one, more and more of our business moving to connectivity, which is a higher-margin business. Number two, it's sort of interactions, if you will with the customer service interactions. So whether that's truck rolls, incoming calls to our call centers. We've given you stats historically about each one of those metrics being down 40% to 50% in the last five or six years. So the underpinnings of that continue. As you saw, we expanded margins pretty -- at a pretty healthy clip in 2024. As I said in the earlier remarks, we expect to continue to be able to expand margins maybe at a slightly lower rate this year, given the investments we want to make back into the business, including wireless. But nonetheless, continued very healthy margins in an absolute sense where we're industry-leading. And then on a relative basis and the ability to grow, I think continued momentum there. I would as we step back and look at the -- a couple of the architects in that business. We mentioned earlier and we put out a press release last week about Steve Croney taking on additional responsibilities. He's been CFO of the C&P business for the last several years, incredible financial discipline across the organization. So great that he's able to spread his wings and do more and really lean on some of the things that Dave has outlined here on this call. But kudos to him and the team for driving the type of margin expansion we've seen and expect to continue to see.
David Watson: And John, one more follow-up to your point on satellite, just to clarify. The two main ones are the ones I mentioned between fixed wireless and fiber. Satellite, we see it's just been de minimis, has not been a material thing for us, not being dismissive of it, though. We're going to watch it very closely, but we see it being more active in rural areas and not so much in suburban, urban areas at this point at all.
John Hodulik: Great. Thank you.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, John. Operator, we have time for one final question.
Operator: Next question is from Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. I just wanted to go back to the broadband ARPU dynamics. I think you said very healthy ARPU growth, but you do lean into mobile. What we've seen with some of your peers is there is some dilution to ARPU. You've historically managed this really strong 3% to 4% growth. So just wondering if you're shifting that strategy a little bit around that 3% to 4% growth as you move into more of the converged bundle? And then on Peacock, thank you for the guidance for losses to improve. I'm just wondering if that's true in the second half of the year as well when the NBA costs come online and push OpEx higher. I know revenue is going to step up, too, but just trying to figure out if you think the NBA will be positive to Peacock EBITDA in 2025? Or if it's a bit of a headwind and then kind of ex NBA, there's a lot of improvements going on beneath the surface? Thank you.
David Watson: Steven, this is Dave. Let me start with ARPU and a couple of points on that. You did hit it that mobile is an important part of our future. It has been a great contributor for a long period of time, but we're excited about accelerating our focus. And -- but there are a number of levers that we have when it comes to ARPU, and we'll manage all of them. And as we roll out these new -- the new packaging approach, we're certainly focused on all segments, but this is following upgrades to our plant and really focused, hyper-focused on the high end, always have been, will continue to be. So that will certainly impact and leads us to our focus on continued healthy ARPU growth. But when you add mobile to your packages and the simple way that we're talking about, there could be some impact to ARPU. But we think the returns are terrific. And for competitive reasons, it's absolutely the right thing to do over the long run. But we still are very, very focused on all levers that would contribute to ARPU.
Jason Armstrong: And I think along those lines, we've been very clear as it relates to North Star for us is how you continue to grow broadband revenue at a healthy clip. And ultimately, how do you grow convergence revenue at an even better clip, right? So in the past year, we grew broadband revenue at 3%. We grew convergence revenue at 5%. Interesting, if you stack us up versus peers and competitors, we realize there's a lot of focus on broadband sub-trajectory. But if you step back, we are at or near industry-leading levels for convergence revenue growth. So the focus here is continue that, find the levers we have to go push into that. It's not to say we can't have a strong broadband ARPU growth. We gave an outlook that broadband ARPU growth will continue to be healthy. But as we look at the levers we have to go drive wireless growth, to drive continued broadband growth, to compete aggressively in the markets and really deliver on everything Dave said he's coming to market with, in particular, in the second quarter, we got a lot of levers, and we have a clear North Star around what we're growing.
David Watson: One other thing that in terms of revenue, Jason hit it perfectly. But I would offer Business Services revenue is a tremendous opportunity, has been, will be, where overall, we're a leader when you compare Business Services growth in terms of our peers and our competitors. It's a $10 billion revenues, great margins, and we have consistently contributed revenue and EBITDA growth. So going right to Jason's point in terms of our focus on overall revenue, Business Services is an enormously important part of what we do.
Michael Cavanagh: And Steven, on Peacock, thanks for the question there. I think we're looking forward to the NBA. It was a big kind of get, and it's going to be the major additive content that will drive -- be the driver of subscriber growth, I would expect in 2025 for us. So in terms of -- I don't really think about halves as a -- what we'll see this year is, as I said, improvement in Peacock revenues and losses. And then as we absorb NBA in the second half of the year, what will happen then is over the remainder of that -- the full first season together with the seasoning of the management changes with Matt and Donna that I described plus SpinCo, we'll be working through a whole bunch of ways in which we absorb the cost that will step up through price increases, shifting ad sales to higher value content that the NBA brings and repositioning some of the programming that the NBA will displace, sort of all the things we talked about. But that will take -- I would give us the full first season of NBA into the second season before we sort of normalize our business to handle the higher expense there. And so I think that's it, everybody. I appreciate you guys spending the time with us this morning, and Happy New Year.
Steven Cahall: Thanks.
Brian Roberts: Thank you all.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's call. A replay of the call will be available starting at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time today on Comcast Investor Relations website. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-31 20:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining us on today's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Jason Armstrong, and Dave Watson. I will now refer you to Slide 2 of the presentation accompanying this call, which can also be found on our Investor Relations website and which contains our safe harbor disclaimer. This conference call may include forward-looking statements, subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedule issued earlier this morning for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks, Marcy, and good morning. Before I hand it over to Jason, I'll touch on a few topics that are top of mind for me as we report our third quarter results and head into the home stretch of 2024. First is convergence, second is Epic Universe and third is Media. On convergence, which we define as the combination of ubiquitous high-speed Internet along with wireless phone, by that definition, we are positioned to win. And that is because, today, we have 63 million homes and businesses already able to receive gig-plus broadband speed and we also offer wireless service everywhere we provide broadband. This reach far exceeds the fiber footprints of the largest three telecom companies combined, and our footprint is growing at a rapid pace. In fact, we've extended our network to more than 1.2 million additional homes and businesses over the last 12 months, a 50%-plus increase over what we were able to do just two years ago. So, even accounting for the announced fiber buildout plans of those three wireless companies, we expect to maintain this lead well into the future. Broadband usage is skyrocketing. Our broadband-only customers are heavy data users, averaging 700 gigabytes per month. And we want it that way because our existing network can handle significant increases in bandwidth consumption at a very low marginal cost. In addition, we're on a path over the next few years to being able to deliver multi-gigabit symmetrical speeds, which will be competitive with any technology out there. The other side of our converged offering is Xfinity Mobile, which matches the capabilities of any wireless network in America. We bundle Xfinity Mobile with our best-in-class broadband service everywhere we compete at a price that offers great savings to the consumer. And when combined with broadband, our wireless offering both improves churn and increases overall customer satisfaction. We also look for opportunities to enhance our converged experience. An example being a new feature we are rolling out now called WiFi Boost, which automatically increases Xfinity Mobile customer speeds up to 1 gig on our WiFi network, which is also the largest in the nation. To close out these comments on convergence, it's important to note that our strategy is proving out in financial performance. Our domestic broadband plus wireless revenue has been growing at 5%, which consistently leads the industry when you look across our competitors. The second topic I want to touch on is Epic Universe, which will be the most groundbreaking park ever introduced in the United States. We recently announced that Epic will open on May 22, 2025, and have also started to activate our sales and marketing plans, including the sale of vacation packages that provide the opportunity to visit Epic, which we expect to be in very high demand. This park will offer a level of immersion that is unmatched, transporting guests to expansive worlds featuring more than 50 awe-inspiring attractions, entertainment, dining and shopping experiences. Once Epic opens, Universal Orlando will be transformed into a week's long vacation, offering four theme parks, a CityWalk dining, retail and entertainment district and 11 hotels. Epic will build on everything we've excelled at in the present and in the past and make it even better by infusing iconic storytelling with cutting-edge technology in five fully-themed worlds. Each one telling a fantastic story based on world-renowned movies and literature such as Dark Universe, which capitalizes on our Universal Monster franchise; Isle of Berk, which brings DreamWorks' How to Train Your Dragon to life; there is The Wizarding World of Harry Potter - Ministry of Magic; as well as Super Nintendo World, and all of these are connected by Celestial Park, a world in and of itself. We could not be more excited for what's ahead of us with Epic and our entire Destinations & Experiences business. Finally, let me talk about Media, where the truly outstanding and universally praised production of the Paris Olympics demonstrated the power of NBC broadcast and Peacock. We brought new relevance and excitement to the Olympics by flawlessly presenting the biggest and most complex Olympic Games in history, dominating television, streaming, news and social media for 17 straight days. Daily viewership averaged over 30 million across our platforms, an increase of 80% compared to the prior Summer Olympics in 2021, and Peacock streamed 23.5 billion minutes, up 40% from all prior Summer and Winter Olympics combined. All of this leading to a record high $1.9 billion of incremental Olympics revenue in our Media segment this third quarter. We achieved this result by leaning in with the full symphony of Comcast, NBCUniversal playing together and a big bet on new ideas and innovation that paid off. We are all very grateful to our NBC Sports team and look forward to them bringing the lessons learned and momentum to our entire sports portfolio, especially as we begin to prepare for the relaunch of our partnership with the NBA starting with the 2025-2026 season. The regular and post-season NBA games across both NBC and Peacock, in addition to a number of exclusive Peacock games, will bring in broad and diverse audiences, allowing us to also create new entertainment content that will work beyond the basketball season with exciting opportunities for companion programming and marketing collaborations that tap into the NBA's pop-culture appeal. Before I hand it over to Jason, let me talk about our recent execution against an outlook for our capital allocation priorities, which are threefold: to maintain a very strong balance sheet, which we feel great about given the industry-low leverage we maintain; to return significant capital to our shareholders, which we have done consistently since we reinstated our buyback program in May 2021 and have since returned $50 billion of capital, equaling 100% of our free cash flow and reducing our share count by 20%; and third, to invest in our growth businesses both organically and inorganically. Organically, we've invested heavily in our growth businesses, including the upgrade of our broadband network to ubiquitous 1-gig speeds and counting, the incubation, launch and success of our wireless and business services units, the investment in Peacock and our studios, and the creation of the Epic Universe theme park to name just a few. And while we remain most focused on driving our growth businesses, we also look to maximize the significant legacy value in our portfolio of more mature businesses. As you know, we chose not to participate in the M&A process around Paramount in the earlier part of this year, but we would consider partnerships in streaming despite their complexities. And like many of our peers in media, we are experiencing the effects of the transition in our video businesses and have been studying the best path forward for these assets. To that end, we are now exploring whether creating a new well-capitalized company, owned by our shareholders and comprised of our strong portfolio of cable networks, would position them to take advantage of opportunities in the changing media landscape and create value for our shareholders. We are not ready to talk about any specifics yet, but we'll be back to you as and when we reach firm conclusions. And to sum it up, we are very proud of the job we've done on the capital allocation front over the past few years and we are highly motivated to maintain the same level of discipline. With that, it's over to you Jason.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everybody. I'll start with our consolidated results on Slide 3. Total revenue increased 6.5% to $32.1 billion, benefiting from NBCUniversal's highly successful airing of the Paris Olympics. Excluding the Olympics, our revenue was relatively flat year-over-year. Our six major growth drivers, including residential broadband, wireless, business services connectivity, theme parks, streaming and premium content in our studios, generated nearly $18 billion in revenue, well over half of our total company revenue and grew 9% in the quarter and at a mid-single-digit rate over the past 12 months. Total EBITDA decreased 2% to $9.7 billion, while we generated free cash flow of $3.4 billion during the third quarter, and returned $3.2 billion of capital to shareholders, including $2 billion in share repurchases. Over the last 12 months, we've reduced our share count by 6%, contributing to our adjusted EPS growth in the quarter of 3%. Let's dive deeper into our results for the third quarter, starting on Slide 4 with Connectivity & Platforms. As usual, I will refer to our year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis. Revenue for total Connectivity & Platforms was consistent year-over-year at $20.3 billion, reflecting strong growth in our connectivity businesses and political advertising, offset by declines in video and voice revenue, as well as non-political advertising in our domestic and international markets. Residential connectivity revenue grew 5%, comprised of 3% growth in domestic broadband, 19% growth in domestic wireless, and 8% growth in international connectivity. Business services connectivity revenue also grew 5%. In domestic broadband, our revenue growth was driven by ARPU growth of 3.6%, another strong result in the context of a continued competitive backdrop. Our team continues to effectively balance rate and volume through customer segmentation. In terms of broadband subscribers, we reported a net loss of 87,000 in the quarter, which included an estimated net impact of 96,000 associated with the end of ACP. Excluding this ACP-related subscriber loss, we would have reported positive 9,000 broadband net additions in the third quarter. Before I cover ACP in more detail, I want to spend a moment addressing the quarter's underlying results in broadband. Keep in mind that in the third quarter, we typically benefit from seasonal tailwinds due to back-to-school activity, and this year was no different as we performed very well in that category. In addition, we believe we also benefited to some extent from a competitor's work stoppage as well as from leveraging the Olympics by investing in incremental nationwide brand marketing behind our Olympic-related offers. Now, let me cover ACP. As I mentioned, we had 96,000 losses related to ACP in the quarter. That's roughly one-third direct losses we experienced in the quarter and the other two-thirds reflects a reserve we took for the number of subscribers that we predict will churn in the coming months due to a non-pay or delinquency status. Turning to domestic wireless. Revenue growth was mainly driven by service revenue, fueled by strong growth in customer lines, which were up over 1.2 million or 20% year-over-year, reaching 7.5 million in total, including 319,000 line additions this quarter. Importantly, our wireless customers are also broadband customers, and when bundled together, drive overall customer relationship ARPU growth, churn benefits for broadband and higher profitability. With wireless penetration at 12% of our broadband subscriber base, we have a very long runway for growth. We're pleased with our strategy and we'll continue to test new converged offers to capitalize on the significant opportunities we see ahead of us in wireless, including both increasing the penetration of our domestic residential broadband customer base as well as selling additional lines per account. And just to reiterate what Mike mentioned, we have an incredible hand to play in convergence. We currently have an offering for gig-plus speeds and wireless available ubiquitously to our footprint of 63 million homes and businesses today. And by ubiquitous, I mean we are not making any network trade-offs and every customer gets access to the same offerings. We believe we have a leadership position in convergence and we think we can sustain that. We're on a clear path to offer multi-gig symmetrical speeds, and we'll continue to grow our footprint projecting to add over 1.2 million new homes passed this year. International connectivity revenue growth of 8% was driven by broadband, reflecting strong ARPU growth, and in wireless, healthy service revenue growth was offset by lower device revenue. Business services connectivity revenue growth of 5% reflects steady growth in small business and even faster growth in enterprise. In small business, it continues to be a competitive market, but we are growing revenue with ARPU growth driven by higher adoption of a suite of additional products that expand our relationship with our SMB customers. At the enterprise level, we are taking share and continue to scale this business. In advertising, growth of 2% reflects stronger political revenue this quarter, partially offset by lower non-political domestic and international advertising revenue. Finally, video and other revenue declined in the quarter. The 7% decline in our video revenue is a function of continued customer losses, coupled with slower domestic ARPU growth versus last year. And the lower other revenue mainly reflects continued customer losses in wireline voice. Connectivity & Platforms' total EBITDA was consistent year-over-year at $8.3 billion, with margins up 50 basis points, reflecting a decline in overall expenses, driven by the continued mix shift to our higher-margin connectivity businesses and ongoing expense management, partially offset by an increase in marketing and promotion expense, driven by our incremental brand marketing investment during the Paris Olympics. Breaking out our Connectivity & Platforms' EBITDA results further, residential EBITDA was consistent with margins improving 40 basis points to 38.6% and business services EBITDA growth was at a mid-single-digit rate, with margins fairly stable at 57.4%. Rounding out Connectivity & Platforms, I'd note that our business continues to evolve as the mix shifts towards our connectivity growth drivers. As such, you've seen us take some cost reduction actions in our fourth quarter for the past several years. We expect to take similar actions again this fourth quarter at about an equal magnitude to last year. Now, let's turn to Content & Experiences on Slide 5. Revenue increased 19% to $12.6 billion, and EBITDA decreased 9% to $1.8 billion. At theme parks, revenue decreased 5% and EBITDA declined 14% in the quarter compared to last year's all-time record high. The majority of the decline was driven by lower attendance at our domestic parks when compared to last year. As we've highlighted, our view is there was both a pull-forward of demand that we clearly saw in 2022 and 2023, which were record years for the theme parks and beyond our expectations, as well as the new attraction pipeline, which is light this year, but building towards a substantial pipeline next year. We think these factors will likely be in place until the second quarter of next year, which is both when we start to lap the pressure we saw this year and the launch of Epic Universe. Looking ahead, we couldn't be more excited about Epic Universe and how it will transform Universal Orlando into a week-long destination. And as we gear up for the May 2025 opening, we expect to incur pre-opening costs of about $150 million in total over the fourth quarter this year and the first quarter next year. We remain bullish about the long-term trajectory of parks. In addition to Epic Universe, we have a fantastic slate of new attractions and experiences on the horizon. Donkey Kong Country in Osaka and a Fast and Furious roller coaster in Hollywood, as well as Universal Horror Unleashed in Vegas and our Universal Kids Resort coming to Texas. Now, let's turn to Media, where revenue increased 37% to $8.2 billion, including the strong results from the Paris Olympics, which generated $1.9 billion in revenue, a record level for any Olympics. Strength in the Olympics was mainly driven by a record $1.4 billion in advertising revenue, with Peacock contributing over $300 million of that. Excluding the Olympics, total advertising revenue was flat year-over-year as the overall market remained stable, while total media revenue increased 5%, driven by an exceptional quarter for Peacock. Revenue growth for Peacock was 82% and still a very robust greater than 40% excluding the Olympics. This was also a strong quarter for Peacock paid subscribers as we added 3 million net new additions driven not only by the Olympics, but also the return of the NFL, including our Peacock exclusive NFL game from Brazil, the return of the Big Ten, and several entertainment hits during the quarter including Love Island, Bel Air and Fight Night. Looking ahead, we will continue to be focused on strong revenue growth and improving profitability at Peacock in the broader context of expected revenue and profit growth across the entire Media segment. Media EBITDA in the quarter declined 10% to $650 million, but this was largely timing related as a profitable Olympics was offset by higher expenses due to the timing of other sports, including two additional NFL games in the quarter, an additional Sunday Night Football game and Peacock's exclusive game from Brazil. At studios, revenue increased 12% and EBITDA increased 9%, driven by the success of our film slate, including Despicable Me 4 as well as Twisters. Year-to-date, we have three of the top 10 box office titles, including Twisters, Kung Fu Panda 4 and Despicable Me 4, which has already grossed nearly $1 billion and is the first animated franchise in the industry to surpass $5 billion in global box office. Looking to the fourth quarter, Wild Robot debuted in September to terrific reviews and has had nice success at the box office, a great achievement for original animation. And we are particularly excited about Wicked opening in November. I'll wrap up with free cash flow and capital allocation on Slide 6. As I mentioned earlier, we generated $3.4 billion in free cash flow this quarter and achieved this even with significant organic investment. The $3.6 billion in total capital expenditures this quarter reflects spending to bolster our six key growth areas and, most significantly, our efforts in expanding our connectivity footprint through accelerating homes passed and further strengthening our domestic broadband network, and the continued buildout of our Epic Universe theme park ahead of its opening in May of 2025. Turning to return to capital, we returned a total of $3.2 billion to shareholders in the quarter, including share repurchases of $2 billion and dividend payments of $1.2 billion. In fact, our share count has been consistently shrinking mid-single-digits on an annual basis for the past several years. We've been straightforward and consistent in our priorities around investing in our six key growth drivers, protecting our strong balance sheet and returning a significant amount of capital to shareholders. This quarter is yet another example of that. Now, let's turn it back to Marci for Q&A. Marci?
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jason. Operator, let's open the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Mike, just coming back to your comments on sort of strategic reviews on the media side, which obviously are quite interesting. Can you talk a little bit about the assets you're looking at in this sort of portfolio review? It sounded like domestic cable networks, but you also mentioned streaming and, in particular, around your point about complexity. Trying to think about the ability or challenges of separating Peacock from your linear networks. Maybe it's not as complex as I'm thinking, but operationally, how do you sort of think through those pieces and do those assets need to travel together or perhaps not? And then, for either Dave or Jason, just would love to hear how you guys are thinking about the fourth quarter broadband subscribers. Do you think you can be -- can grow again in Q4 given kind of normal seasonality and other factors as we move beyond ACP? Thanks so much.
Mike Cavanagh: Hey, thanks, Ben. It's Mike. So, let me be clear and just for everybody that maybe just picking up on this, I want to be clear about what I said is that we're going to commence a study of whether there's a good idea in the idea of creating a new well-capitalized company that would go to our shareholders, existing shareholders, comprised of our cable portfolio networks. So that's the group. I'm not talking about Peacock or broadcast. So that's what I said before. And I think the questions about how to do it are the reason we're announcing here that we want to study it. There are a lot of questions to which we don't have answers, so we want to do the work. And we want to do the work with transparency around it, so that as rumors fly and the like, we expect that, but we want our shareholders to understand what we're willing to look at. That's in the context of broader, we look at a lot of things, and I do think in a moment of a lot of transition in the industries we're a part of. I think we've got a very strong hand given the strength of the businesses. We just went through all of them with third quarter results, and I think I'm proud of every part of it. And I think the idea of playing some offense, when you combine the balance sheet strength that we have, the assets we have, and the management team we have, there may be some smart things to do and we want to study that.
Dave Watson: Okay. Ben, this is Dave. Let me go into broadband. I think before getting to Q4, I think providing just a little bit of context on Q3 is important and starts with the underlying market that remains competitively intense. So that hasn't changed, it continues. But we are pleased with our overall performance in Q3, and was driven at the very top level with very good execution on the fundamentals. But as Jason said, there are three factors that were unique to Q3. One is back-to-school, always a contributor to Q3. We did perform well this Q3 and did around the same level as last year in back-to-school activity. So that's number one. Number two, the Olympics are not only good for NBC, it's good for cable and Connectivity & Platforms. So, we did invest in, I think, a really effective go to market plan, strong offers, good product positioning, and the Olympics provide perhaps the best showcase for us to talk about what's fully capable end-to-end with great content, being easy and simple to access, and people are highly engaged. And so, it was a, overall, good plan, but that drove consideration unique to that timeframe. And the third one was the AT&T labor work stoppage. It was limited to part of their footprint, and it was I think about a 30-day thing. Not a major driver, but it did have an impact. So, if you exclude the incremental benefits of the Olympics and the competitor's work stoppage as well as the ACP impact, while it is tough to completely pinpoint, our best estimate is HSD subs would have been slightly worse than last year's Q3. So, then you shift to Q4 to your question, and let me remind you and everyone, first off, we had two hurricanes impact some of our cable systems. And while we're still assessing the impact. From what we can see today, the potential impact looks like it could be really significantly less than the impact from Hurricane Ian in 2022 in terms of both subscriber and financial impacts. But we don't have an exact number to share at this moment, but there'll be some impact tied to the two hurricanes. Also, in Q4, while the return of seasonals to the southeast usually provides a good tailwind, not like back-to-school, but still a nice impact, we'll have to see what the potential impact we see with this activity due to the hurricanes. So, going to Q4, the underlying environment remains the same, very competitive, but remind you also that we expect churn to continue to remain at low levels as we focus on retention channel management, our segmented approach and leveraging offers and product packaging with mobile being front and center, but leveraging everything, including new video products like NOW TV, NOW Latino and StreamSaver, all surrounding broadband with good value. So -- and at the same time we're introducing, we're excited about AI and what we can do in every single sales channel including retention. So, we're rolling that out. But -- and the last point to remind you, Q4 doesn't have back-to-school. So that's where we're at and perspective in Q4.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks very much.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Ben. Operator, we'll take the next question.
Operator: Next question is from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett: Hi, thank you. Two questions, if I could. Let me start on the theme park side. As you look forward to Epic for next year, first, how do we think about the capacity of Epic? And how do you think about balancing the potential demand in terms of volume versus perhaps trying to more significantly price it so that you get a better experience with lower crowds? I'm just wondering kind of how you think about that balance. And then, a housekeeping question by the way is, are you seeing -- you mentioned $150 million of cost expected in Q4. Should we -- was there anything in Q3 that we should be aware of in terms of Epic anticipation costs? And then, on the cable side, if I could just squeeze in one more, how are you thinking about BEAD at the moment? And at the rate that you're expanding the footprint, should we expect any significant capital intensity changes as you have now a little more insight about the BEAD program and what you might do in rural markets?
Jason Armstrong: Hey, Craig, let me just hit your quick question on just the costs around pre-opening costs around Epic. So, for third quarter, minimal costs there, I'd say in the range of $20 million or so in terms of pre-opening costs. We did say -- just to clarify your comment, you said $150 million for fourth quarter. What I said in my prepared remarks was $150 million in pre-opening costs split between the fourth quarter and the first quarter. I think between the two, it will be more weighted towards the first quarter.
Mike Cavanagh: Yeah, Craig, it's Mike. So, on Epic, like I said, we couldn't be more excited. It is our most ambitious parks experience we've ever put together, right? So, it will warrant a premium and think about ticket pricing at a premium level, but consistent with the market in Orlando. But I think the way to think about how we're going to manage it and we started this with -- we want to drive Orlando. We've got now one of the -- in addition to being what it is, a standalone park that's going to be magnificent, it transforms Universal Orlando into a week's long vacation with the other existing parks. So, I think we'll look at it through the lens of how to optimize the totality of our Orlando footprint, while making sure the park-goer experience is a great experience for Epic, which will be on itself priced at a premium. We are seeing great demand in the early days since we announced that May 22 next year is opening day, and we'll be putting together a lot of Comcast NBCUniversal Symphony effort to now raise awareness of the park as you see in the months and months ahead leading up to opening day.
Dave Watson: Hey, Craig, Dave here. So, on BEAD, obviously the process is ongoing. To the extent, we are successful and we will -- we're looking at it and planning around it. I think we certainly expect to be there. This is more of a 2025-and-beyond opportunity. So, this is active federal -- really the state levels -- a lot of the states have offices of broadband established to look at this. And the rules are being finalized as we speak, and assuming the final state BEAD participation rules allow for rational private sector investment and do not impose price controls or other things that exceed the statute, we will -- we do plan to participate with reasonable conditions, so -- and always -- as long as they're just consistent with our business goals. So, we have tight thresholds. We use a lot of financial discipline around these things. And it's too early to really comment in terms of how much activity, but we do not -- as we anticipate the activity here, we do not anticipate any change to CapEx intensity from what we can see. So, as always, if there are unique opportunities that fit within our financial returns, then we'll always evaluate that.
Jason Armstrong: Hey, Craig, let me broaden that out to footprint expansion in general and just sort of our philosophy there. We've obviously accelerated our footprint expansion couple of years ago. If you rewind the clock, we were at 800,000 homes passed per year. Dave and team has sort of nicely driven that to 1.2 million homes and pacing towards that this year. What underpins that view and how we're underwriting it, because obviously we're putting capital towards it, is a view of sort of structural competitive environment over the long term. And from our perspective as we see it, the two key competitors, as you look at it this past year, fixed wireless has obviously taken its toll. We think that's a market that's going to continue to exist, continue to be around, but it's for the value-conscious consumer. It is carved out a niche in the market that whether it's 10%, 15%, I'm not sure we've got a crystal ball, but it is a niche. Fiber, as we've said, is the real long-term competitor. That's an entity that's been building out against us for almost 20 years at this point. It's been sort of a steady increase in our footprint. Right now, we're about 50% overbuilt. We would tell you that will go higher. Obviously, the carriers have announced plans to take that higher. So, we expect it to go higher and we expect to see competition across the majority of our footprint, including two wires, one of which is ours, which is currently a gig-plus, and we'll go to multi-gig symmetrical through how we're investing, and the others of which is fiber. But the long-term view is we've competed against fiber for almost two decades at this point. And so, we are seasoned in competing against fiber and we know exactly what fiber markets look like. So, if you go back and look at some of the early fiber markets and tenure markets where we've had a chance to sort of see the competitive progression, what you see is initial uptake and then you see the competitive environment sort of leveling out and you see relatively even share between us and fiber. We see ARPUs in those markets that are very consistent with our overall ARPU. So, when you think about sort of a long term, how do you invest against this, are you comfortable taking your footprint expansion to a greater level, these are all things that underpin our current investment and future investment.
Craig Moffett: Thanks. That's really helpful, Jason.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Craig. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Next is from Michael Ng from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Ng: Hi, good morning. Thank you very much for the question. I just have two. One housekeeping one, just on the Olympics. Encouraging to see the record $1.9 billion of revenue. I was just wondering if you could comment on profitability as well. And any way to better think about the potential uplift from Olympics on broadband net adds? And then, second, I wanted to ask about video. You had very good video net adds performance in the quarter as well as on programming costs. Anything that you would call out there that maybe improving the trends within video? Thank you.
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks, Michael. It's Mike. So, just on the Olympics, as I said earlier, we couldn't be more proud of what our teams accomplished across the whole company on the Olympics. So, we were cautiously optimistic going into the games that they would perform well given all the effort we put in in Paris to their backdrop, but viewership, ad sales exceeded our expectations and the games were profitable. I won't go into the level of profitability, but profitable games for us. And so, we walk away from it very excited as we look forward to future Olympics from here, because it was a spell leading up to Paris where prior Olympics, for a variety of reasons, had not performed as well as we had hoped. So, I think there's an incredible amount of energy and excitement as we look ahead to LA and beyond and Milan in between. And so, I don't know if Brian wants to jump in here.
Brian Roberts: I just want to add, it was probably the proudest moment that I can think of since we've owned NBCUniversal or certainly right up there, just a tremendous team effort technologically what Peacock pulled off and Xfinity with a combination of using just every athlete, every sport, every country you could search it many different ways, the social media impact with celebrity, the quality, the two broadcasts in prime time, and just really bringing the whole country and nation into the drama, the ratings and the ability to use that platform as we said for things such as broadband growth but also awareness for everything from Wicked to Epic to new shows being launched and many other initiatives in the company. So, one of the proudest moments. We really look forward to LA in four years. We've got Milan in between, and then we go on from there. So, it's a great partnership and kudos to Molly Solomon and many, many, many other people who had made that broadcast happen and Rick at NBC Sports and many others. Dave?
Dave Watson: Thank you, Brian. Michael, so two things. One, as Brian just said, it really was a great moment. So -- and again, unique to Q3 with the media investment behind it and just the overall go to market plan. And one of the things that we look at is just the engagement. And we're such a -- we have a unique position of streaming and all the other content of how it's delivered. It was a significant Internet moment, quite frankly, and that we are right there and positioned to be able to deliver it all. So, just in a really simple and easy way, the way the Peacock team did it, it was just great. And so -- but we don't have a specific number in terms of broadband impact, but it was a contributor to Q3 for sure. In video, there are two primary drivers. As we look at videos, obviously, still in the negative terrain, but an improvement. And one that there's churn and that we have seen churn continue to stabilize and has been stabilizing for a while. And we look at things that -- and break it down. Most certainly, when we introduce mobile into the mix, mobile helps, and there's churn reduction there. So, surrounding our broadband with the right package, the right segment, it does help video. So -- and then, when you have engagement levels like you see with the Olympics, then that helps. But churn has been a driver, improvement in churn in video. The second side of it are connects. And we've seen on the connect side, it's the NOW portfolio that has helped NOW TV, NOW Latino, these are products that we segment, use it surgically and have helped video, and it's a nice way to reimagine the platform to be able to deliver good content for the right segment.
Michael Ng: Excellent. Thank you.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, Mike. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Next is from John Hodulik from UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks. Two, if I could. I guess, first, following up on Jason's comments, we're definitely getting a better picture of what the competitive fiber footprint is going to look like in the US over the next five years. And I think Jason's comments addressed the impact on subs, but maybe for Dave, can you talk a little bit about the impact on ARPU and pricing power when a new fiber provider opens in an Xfinity market? And then secondly, I guess, for Jason, I realize we're probably early in what might be a longer process, but maybe at a high level, can you help us -- can you maybe frame the potential change in the growth rate of sort of the remaining Comcast assets that you may see, if you guys -- if you do move ahead with the spin of the cable nets? What kind of bump in terms of the growth rate are we looking at here? Thanks.
Dave Watson: Hey, John, this is Dave. Let me start with the fiber impact on ARPU, just a general impact. When -- there are two things that we look at and we've been balancing throughout: market share and rate. So, when fiber comes into one of the markets, and been dealing with it for two decades, so we have a pretty good track record in terms of when this happens, how it happens. But we do see that there is an impact on penetration levels, so on the market share side, but we compete aggressively, have a very strong playbook that has evolved over time. And then, share does eventually even out between the two of us. So, when you look at the healthy ARPU levels that are really no different, quite frankly, in terms of fiber versus non-fiber markets, and it goes to our playbook in terms of segmentation. And the focus that Jason talked about with the core network and the fact that we start at the premium levels, job one is delivering the best Internet experience that it's not -- it's speed, multi-gig, but it's everything that we do and how we compete around coverage, capacity, latency, all these things we deliver, and critically, the best WiFi in the marketplace with the great gateway device. And that is how content is really delivered in people's homes and businesses. So, great WiFi has helped, I think. And we look at solid churn rates, but ARPU is really no different as we've seen as things level out.
Mike Cavanagh: John, it's Mike. On the question about the potential for a spin and impact on revenue, I would just say I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. Obviously, we do anything like that, it will have an impact on the consolidated company. But I think the point that we'd make is that it doesn't change the fact that within the business today, we've got six growth drivers that represent more than half of our revenues that are growing this quarter at 9% or so, and on a trailing basis, been in that high-single-digits, sometimes 10%. So, the company is transforming itself to a top-line growing company as our mix changes. Whether we do something like a spin or not, I'd focus everyone on what the underlying is.
John Hodulik: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, John. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: The next question is from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. So, of course, one on NBC and one on cable. NBC is actually a multi-parter. There's just a lot going on there in coming years. So, just kind of -- maybe a follow-up on Epic. But can you kind of give us some color on your thoughts on what -- how it will impact the bottom-line over the next three to five years? Obviously, you'll take share in Orlando. It's a big market. But how do you think about it impacting the bottom-line? On NBA, can you talk a little bit about monetization? Obviously, there's a big increased investment, but you mentioned something interesting on the call that there's an opportunity outside of the regular season, and of course, it will be NBC and Peacock. And then finally, one last question on this potential spin-out. Can you just talk about the thought process? Is it -- do you view it as a roll-up vehicle for the industry? And then, on cable, it's kind of a video question, but we see Charter signing agreements with all of the streaming platforms you included. And you've taken a very different approach. Can you just maybe discuss how your video offering will evolve over time? Thank you.
Mike Cavanagh: So, Jessica, it's Mike. I'll hit these quickly. I mean, I think the Epic is, as we said, in the near term, going to have the $150 million of pre-opening costs, and then, it will open midway through the year. So, it will be accretive to the parks' P&L next year. And then obviously, beyond that, we hope it does all the things I said earlier in terms of driving the week's long experience in getting a nice return on the capital put against Epic and the entirety of what we have in the ground in Orlando, period. 11 hotels, the multiple parks, it is something that we feel very confident about in the long term, but I won't give particular guidance on that front. NBA, I think you should think about that as a -- it's a long term. Over the long term, we expect the NBA to be something that adds value to our company broadly, particularly in the Media segment. It's going to help broadcast and benefit from broadcast. We, obviously, saw that during the Olympics, the interplay of broadcast and streaming for sports and the technology for some audiences of what you can do on the streaming side and the reach that broadcast has. So, I think when you think about how it will play into the two audiences, streaming and traditional, which are frankly very different, and there was great viewing of the Olympics on linear despite the unbelievable production in Peacock. So, I think we feel really well-balanced between the broadcast side and the Peacock side. And then, the point for Peacock, NBA makes us -- NBC makes us a year-long sports destination. So, I think that's something that we think is very helpful over the long term as we think about churn as something that needs to be managed a little more carefully, a little differently in the streaming world than the linear world. And then, the point you're really getting at is -- that we've talked about before, is the NBA will bring a younger, more diverse audience. And I think as you bring an audience into a platform like NBC and Peacock, Donna Langley and Pearlena Igbokwe and the team at our studios have the chance to think about how to tap into that audience, together with the talent, frankly, that comes from the NBA themselves. And so, I think that was the point I was making on that. On the spin, really nothing more to say than what I said earlier. These are all the questions that we're going to go off and think about. We think there could be an opportunity to place some offense, like I said, and we'll be back, but that is the thinking. We think we have great assets and a great balance sheet, and that's the thinking. And on Charter, before -- I'll hand it over to Dave on his side, but just a comment for the NBC side on distribution. Obviously, it's a key revenue stream for any media business. And I got to say, we're very pleased that we've now completed 10 renewals in the past 15 months, most recently Charter and Hulu. And it's a mix of both traditional and streaming distributors. And so that just speaks to the power of the content we have and our ability to work with a very important distribution partners, who themselves have different business priorities and objectives from one to the next. So, we're really pleased with that. We're in the middle of -- last one for this year is coming up in a few days, which is DIRECTV. We're in constructive dialogue with folks over there and hope to finish up that negotiation shortly without disruption, just like the rest of the ones we've done in the last bunch of years. And all that adds to just a certain stability and strength of the revenue stream in our business.
Dave Watson: Jessica, this is Dave. So, on the -- in terms of our video strategy, the overall one of the core operating principles that we've had for a long time, we talked about it quite a bit across all of our products, is segmenting the marketplace to give consumers what they want at the right price and the right package. So, no surprise that video follows that. And with a very strong focus on connectivity, how do we surround connectivity with the right package offerings? And that is fundamental to how we look at it. Now having said that, I think the Charter Group does really smart things, and we pay attention to everything that they do. And if there's opportunities, then we always evaluate. But if you break it down further, we all -- we look at the experience that the customer has, we look at choice, and ultimately by segment, the value, those three things. And you look at experience, with our -- because we've invested over a very long period of time and a great platform, we talked about it with the Olympics, but it could be Sunday Night Football, it could be, you name it, Premier League Soccer, we have a unique platform to deliver video content. Then, you have choice, value. A good example of an extension of this is StreamSaver. And StreamSaver for us is an example of choice that we have to try to deliver customers. Could be broadband-only to -- on top of an existing video package. But StreamSaver is a great example of taking the advertising tiers, Netflix, Peacock and obviously, Apple TV, putting it together at a great consumer price point, not subsidizing. It's profitable and it makes a lot of sense. So, I think, it's an example of good video choice, and that is -- look for more of that from us over time.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jessica. Operator, we'll take the next question, please.
Operator: Next question is from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chaplin: Good morning, guys. Thanks so much. I'm wondering -- so CapEx year-to-date is running a little bit below the 10% in Connectivity & Platforms that you'd expect at the beginning of the year. Should we anticipate a big catch-up in 4Q? And then, I'm wondering if you can give us a quick update on where you are with the upgrade of the cable plant, where you expect to be at the end of the year. Are you moving through that at the pace that you anticipated, or as you've gained more clarity on the sort of evolution of the competitive dynamics, is that maybe not quite as urgent as initially anticipated? And then, on the footprint expansion, Jason, you mentioned this is sort of part of the -- really your competitive strategy. Are you expanding your footprint? If I think about the difference between the 800,000 that you were at and the 1.2 million that you're at now, is that incremental piece mostly in rural markets where you don't expect to have fiber competition? Thanks.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Jonathan. Let me take the first couple and hand it to Dave on footprint. So, on CapEx and capital intensity, yeah, we came into the year and said similar capital intensity to last year. Obviously, the pacing to the first three quarters is sort of on that track, maybe on the low end, but I would point you to -- just stepping back, we're not using capital intensity as sort of a gating factor. We are coming into this saying, what amount do we want to -- what can we upgrade by both in terms of network upgrade and then footprint expansion? What makes logical sense? How fast can the engineers move? And so, that is largely going to dictate our pacing. So, I wouldn't change the guidance for the full year, which implies a little bit of a catch-up in the fourth quarter. On the upgrade of the cable plant, I would say as you step back, our network upgrade is on plan. We think we have a cost-effective strategy that gets us faster speeds across the entire footprint. As I mentioned earlier, we are ubiquitous at a gig now. That's very important from a marketing perspective as you think more broadly about convergence. We've said we think we have the largest convergence footprint, but importantly, we can do things from a ubiquitous perspective, ubiquitous speeds plus ubiquitous wireless on top of it. So, we've got a good path there, gig now and then headed to multi-gig over time. We've got a plan to get there today. Roughly half our footprint is updated with the mid-split technology, which was sort of foundational in that effort. We expect to actually be through the vast majority of that effort by the end of next year. And then, DOCSIS 4.0 sort of rides right on the back of that.
Dave Watson: Yeah. Jonathan, just in terms of the operational planning around it, so as Jason just said and talking about it, we have the fundamental path that's being built, one half and then going to the vast majority by the end of next year in terms of mid-split. And then, on the heels of that will be the DOCSIS 4.0. So, it's a clear path to the strong ubiquitous product offering. And for us, it's an operational, then getting all the components, getting everything ready, everything from SIKs to you name it, we get all these pieces pulled together and then we go. So, we have a really good plan. We are definitely on track and really like the roadmap to where we stand. We're ahead of every single application in terms of broadband capability. And so -- and even, I think, doing a better job in things like WiFi, as I mentioned earlier. So, we're in good position with the network plan.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jonathan. Operator, we'll take our last question, please.
Operator: Okay. The last question is from Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Steven Cahall: Thank you. A couple of Media questions. So, first, you made the interesting Paramount streaming call out. I was just wondering, since you were both excluded from the [Venu] (ph) initiative, if there's any intentionality there that we can think about in terms of potential bundle that you might have mentioned. It seems like it would be pretty sizable in terms of sports rights, movie and TV library. So, anything you could expand on there in terms of whether you're just looking at a bundle, something that's more of a deeper integration for the customer would be interesting. And then, a related question kind of tying a lot of these themes together, I thought it was how interesting you called out the Olympics as one of the drivers of the broadband strength in the quarter. We don't often think about content as a driver of broadband subscriber acquisitions. Is that something that you think could be happening more in the future? Did that inform your decision on the NBA rights? And is that one of the reasons that you also want to keep the growth media assets together with your connectivity business longer term? Thank you.
Mike Cavanagh: So, Steven, it's Mike. So, on streaming partnerships, I think we are open to having discussions, but as I said, exploring the idea. I think you put it in context. The bar is really high for whole company media type of acquisitions. That's why what I paired together and the answer is streaming partnerships could be interesting. Details matter one to the next to the next. So, my only point is we're open to them, but they are very complicated, and they could vary in form. We like what we've got very much. So, it would just be as and when a good idea comes along, we're just open to it. That's point one. And two, the other side of it, is cable networks, which we talked about earlier. On Olympics and broadband, I think -- and Dave can chime in here, but I think the whole company looks through simply and otherwise to say what makes us unique place and how do we drive value for our company across all swim lanes, especially around something like the Olympics, but not only that. And when you look at what happens through X1 in terms of presentation of content, it's not just ours, but clearly it's ours when it's the Olympics. And we have all the power of the technology to do what we did with them, but it carries over to how we present other streaming services or integrate other content or navigate through that content with the X1 remote. I do think great content does feed into the thinking of why our company is one company, but I'll let Dave and Brian chime in.
Brian Roberts: I'll just jump in for a second and say that last part you made is what I think makes our company pretty special and different. In the Olympics -- during the Olympics, I believe, and Dave tell me -- correct me if this is not right, in many, many of our Xfinity markets, the viewing of Olympics content in those households was, in many cases, double what the national averages were for the same content. So, the ability for consumers to easily navigate, find what they want, be marketed to, we do it for others, we do it for big moments in the company. And we're getting better at that all the time. And a seamless way to log in once to Peacock and also the Xfinity apps that they had, the stream app, it's all getting better every year. And that platform, which a lot of it we call the entertainment operating system, we now syndicate. We partner with Xumo, Sky all over Canada. So, it's a big strategic asset that you saw a great quarter, and really proud of the company.
Dave Watson: No question, and Brian nailed it. It really -- for us, that experience is so key and look for us to do more, to your question. If there's a big sports moment, I think people want to work with us. We love doing it. We make it simple and easy to find what you want in the moment. And then -- and the Sky team does an excellent job of bringing shows to life. And there's unique shows that they do, and we've taken that playbook to the US. So, where there's a big moment in entertainment in any form, look for us to continue to do it.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Steve. That concludes our call. Thank you all for joining us this morning.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the call. A replay of the call will be available starting at 11:30 am Eastern Time today on Comcast Investor Relations website. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note, this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining us on today's call are, Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Jason Armstrong, and Dave Watson. I will now refer you to Slide 2 of the presentation accompanying this call, which can also be found on our Investor Relations website, which contains our safe harbor disclaimer. This conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedule issued earlier this morning for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Cavanagh: Thank you, Marci, and good morning, everyone. Before I hand it over to Jason, I'd like to comment on three key elements from the quarter. One, broadband; two, parks; and three, the NBA. So, first is broadband, where the competitive intensity that we've seen for the past several quarters and which is particularly felt in the market for price-conscious consumers remains essentially unchanged, but throughout this period, our broadband strategy has been consistent and we remain confident in our plan. We are focused on generating healthy broadband revenue growth by striking the right balance between rate and volume and relying heavily on market segmentation that I'll speak to in a minute. As a result, in the second quarter, ARPU grew 3.6%, which was within our historical range of 3% to 4%. Despite the competitiveness of the recent past, we've maintained a market-leading base of 32 million broadband customers by refining our go-to-market approach to create options that fit each of our customers' lifestyles and budgets. Providing the best products with flexibility and choice at different value points, has served us extremely well for many years and remains the core of our playbook. Of particular note, this quarter, we launched our suite of NOW products, which are high-quality internet, mobile and streaming TV offerings designed to be incredibly simple with attractive all-in pricing with no contracts or credit checks. These are great options for the price-conscious segment and especially for those impacted by the end of the government's ACP program. While we are pleased with our enhancement to our offerings for the price-conscious segment, the reality is that the vast majority of our customer base subscribes to more premium products, where we feel great about our market position relative to fiber, which is our true long-term competitor. We are investing in additional network capacity, multi-gig speeds and in-home WiFi technology to capitalize on the Internet consumption trends we are seeing. One of the most important metrics we monitor is the magnitude of data traffic flowing across our network. And again, we saw a double-digit year-over-year growth this quarter, with broadband-only households consuming over 700 gigabytes of data each month. And our customers continue to take faster speeds, with around 70% of our residential subscribers receiving speeds of 500 megabits per second or higher and one-third getting a gigabit or more. These positive consumer trends play to our strengths and will only accelerate with the shift of live sports to streaming, which together with entertainment on streaming accounts for nearly 70% of our network traffic today. My final thought on broadband is the importance of bundling with mobile, with 90% of Xfinity Mobile smartphone traffic traveling over our WiFi network. These two products work seamlessly together to benefit our customers from both the products' experience and financial value standpoint. We are very pleased with the momentum we saw in wireless this quarter, where our line additions were again above 300,000 and nicely up year-over-year. Our new converged offers resulted in better overall yield and awareness as well as higher multi-line attach rates and we are excited for some of the new mobile offers tied to the Olympics, which will be introduced to the market in just a few days. Now, let's turn to parks, where our results were down in both revenue and EBITDA when compared to last year's record performance, with two-thirds of the decline driven by lower attendance at our domestic parks. We attribute this to a number of factors. First, is what now appears to be a COVID recovery pull-forward of a magnitude we hadn't previously appreciated. I think it's important to zoom out and look at how this business has trended over the past few years. Going back to 2022 and 2023, parks were clearly the early beneficiaries of substantial rebounds in tourism and travel after the pandemic, resulting in a surge in demand that contributed to us reaching record results for both of those years. More recently, other travel options, including cruises and international tourism, given the strength of the dollar, have experienced their own surge in demand, which caused visitation rates at our parks to normalize. The second factor affecting attendance at our domestic parks is the timing of our investments in new attractions, where we are light in Florida in advance of next year's opening of Epic and our lapping of Super Nintendo World in Hollywood is creating some headwinds for us as well. While the parks results are below our original expectations for the year, we still view parks as a terrific long-term growth business for us. We couldn't be more excited about the opening of Epic Universe in 2025, as we've been releasing new details about Epic's Five Immersive Worlds, the consumer reaction has been tremendous. And recently, we opened an Epic Universe Preview Center in Orlando and the foot traffic and guest enthusiasm have been off the charts. So, we look forward to Epic Universe having a meaningful impact by driving incremental attendance, longer visits and higher per-cap spending once the park opens in 2025. Finally, let me talk about the NBA. Our expectation is that soon an 11-year rights deal between ourselves and the NBA will be announced. We don't believe that the resolution of matching rights will affect the package that we expect to be awarded. This package, which begins with the 2025-2026 season includes: 100 NBA games each regular season across NBC and Peacock, which is more than any other media partner and more regular season games than each existing partner has under the current rights deal; for playoffs, we will have first and second round games each year, exclusively on our national platforms and six NBA conference final series over the course of the term of the deal, which is more playoff games on average each year, than any other media partner; and exclusively for Peacock will be approximately 50 national regular season and post-season games, including National Monday Night games and doubleheaders. Additional elements of the NBA package include the annual NBA All-Star Game and All-Star Saturday Night each season, the season opening NBA tip-off doubleheader each season, a special doubleheader on the MLK holiday, and Select NBA games in every NBA All-Star game on Telemundo. Beyond the NBA itself, we're excited that our package includes WNBA, where starting in the spring of 2026, we'll have more than 50 WNBA regular season and first round playoff games each season across Peacock, NBC and USA, and we'll also have games in seven WNBA Conference semifinals and three WNBA Final series; for USA Basketball, we'll have the rights to USA men's and women's games leading up to the Olympics and FIBA World Cup; Sky Sports will air all of NBCUniversal's NBA and WNBA games in its markets; and finally, Xfinity will be the NBA and WNBA's marketing partner in the video category. Now, I'd like to take a moment to explain why we're so excited to partner with the NBA. First, it brings in a broad, diverse and youthful audience that is culturally relevant and further expands NBCUniversal's tremendous reach across broadcast and streaming. This new fan base will also allow us to create new entertainment content that will work beyond the basketball season with exciting opportunities for companion programming and marketing collaborations that tap into the NBA's pop culture appeal. Second, the nine-month basketball season completes our year-round calendar for sports, which already includes the NFL, Olympics, Premier League, NASCAR, PGA Tour, Big Ten and World Cup, and our NBA package will establish much-watched Sunday, Monday and Tuesday night traditions on NBC and Peacock. Third, we are uniquely able to drive strong value with the NBA in multiple ways: first, by growing ad sales, by selling NBA ad inventory package with the rest of our marquee programming; second, by acquiring and monetizing subscribers both on Linear and Peacock; and third, by optimizing NBCUniversal programming investment across sports, entertainment and news. The NBA's decision to partner with us is a testament to our breadth and reach, our operational excellence in sports and innovation, and our decades of experience delivering world-class content to consumers. Much like our long-standing relationships with the NFL and the Olympics, we look forward to putting the weight of our entire company behind our partnership with the NBA for decades to come. Before I hand it over to Jason, I want to share one final thought. In just a few short days, we have the honor of kicking off the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris. This will be NBCUniversal's 18th Olympic Games as a US broadcaster, dating back to 1936 when we first covered the historic event on NBC Radio. It is one of the great moments of pride for our company, and I want to thank the 3,000 people working to bring all of the action, excitement and incredible stories to our viewers across the country. Jason, over to you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everybody. I'll start with our consolidated results on Slide 3. Total revenue decreased 2.7% to $29.7 billion. Within these results, our six major growth drivers, including residential broadband, wireless, business services connectivity, theme parks, streaming and premium content at our studios, generated over $16 billion in revenue, well over half of our total company revenue and grew at a mid-single-digit rate over the past 12 months. Keep in mind that in the second quarter of last year, we had one of our most successful quarterly theatrical results in our history, which included two of 2023's top-five grossing films at the worldwide box office, The Super Mario Bros. Movie and Fast X, and as such created a difficult comparison this quarter. If we exclude our studio results, total revenue would have been consistent with the prior year. Total EBITDA was consistent at $10.2 billion, and free cash flow was $1.3 billion. Free cash flow was impacted this quarter by higher-than-usual cash taxes, which were up $2 billion over last year's level and were impacted by a tax payment associated with our Hulu stake and other tax-related matters. As you'll recall, we received a minimum floor payment for Hulu at the end of last year. During the second quarter, we returned $3.4 billion of capital to shareholders, including $2.2 billion in share repurchases, and over the last 12 months, we have reduced our share count by over 6%, contributing to our adjusted EPS growth of 7%. Now, let's go through our business results, starting on Slide 4, with Connectivity & Platforms. As usual, I will refer to our year-over-year growth on a constant-currency basis. Revenue for total Connectivity & Platforms was consistent at $20.2 billion, as strong growth in our connectivity businesses was offset by declines in video and voice revenue. Residential connectivity revenue grew 6%, comprised of 3% growth in domestic broadband, 17% growth in domestic wireless, and 14% growth in international connectivity. Business services connectivity revenue also grew 6%. In domestic broadband, our revenue growth was again driven by strong ARPU growth, which increased 3.6% this quarter, well within our historical range as our team continues to effectively balance rate and volume through customer segmentation. The environment for broadband subscribers remains intensely competitive, which when combined with traditional negative seasonality in the second quarter, led to 120,000 subscriber losses. Related to this, I would like to spend a minute on ACP. It has been well-documented that the government ended all funding for the ACP program in June. Consistent with our approach to normal promotional roll-offs, we were proactive and prepared for this action early in the quarter, communicating with our ACP customer base and migrating many of these customers to different products and price levels. While this had a bit of an impact on ARPU in the quarter, we still feel very comfortable that we will remain well within our historical 3% to 4% ARPU growth range for the remainder of the year. In terms of subscribers, we saw minimal impact from the end of ACP this quarter. Looking ahead, we expect the bulk of our ACP-related subscriber activity to happen in the third quarter, including losses associated with non-pay churn. While it's too early to assess the full impact, we are encouraged with the response we see from these customers to-date. Outside of ACP, we are seeing the same level of competitive intensity and expect an offset from seasonal tailwinds as the third quarter is typically a seasonally stronger quarter compared to the second. Turning to domestic wireless, revenue growth was mainly driven by service revenue, with some modest growth in equipment revenue this quarter as well. Customer lines increased 20% year-over-year, reaching 7.2 million in total, including 322,000 line additions this quarter. The acceleration in line additions compared to the prior several quarters was driven by some early success with new pricing plans launched in April, targeted at multi-line customers, as well as continued traction with our Buy One, Get One line offer. And you will see us continue to test new ways to capitalize on the significant opportunities we see ahead for us in wireless, in terms of both increasing the penetration of our domestic residential broadband customer base, which currently sits at 12%, as well as selling additional lines per account. Wireless continues to be a key growth area for us and one in which we are striking the right balance in delivering exceptional value to our customers, bundling to enhance our opportunities in broadband, and continuing to drive profitability higher. International connectivity revenue was mainly driven by broadband, which accounts for over two-thirds of our international revenue and grew at a mid-teens rate, reflecting strong ARPU growth. The remainder is wireless, which grew due to both additional lines and ARPU growth, but at a lower rate due to the variability in handset sales. Business services connectivity revenue growth of 6% reflects steady growth in small businesses with even faster growth in mid-market and enterprise. While the SMB market remains competitive, we are competing aggressively by delivering best-in-class products and services and growing revenue through ARPU growth, driven by higher adoption of additional products that expand our relationship with our SMB customers, like Mobile, Security Edge, Connection Pro, and WiFi Pro, as well as through targeted rate opportunities. At the mid-market and enterprise level, our revenue growth is primarily fueled by the increase in our customers, driven by the investments we have made in this space to build sales and fulfillment, as well as expanding our capabilities in managed services, wide area networking, and cyber cybersecurity. Finally, video and other revenue declined in the quarter. The high single-digit decline in our video revenue is a function of continued customer losses, coupled with slower domestic ARPU growth versus last year, and the lower other revenue mainly reflects the continued customer losses in wireline voice. Connectivity & Platform's total EBITDA increased 1.6%, with margin up 90 basis points, reflecting a decline in overall expenses driven by the continued mix-shift to our higher-margin connectivity businesses, coupled with ongoing expense management. As I have previously mentioned in prior quarters and think is worth noting here, is that the only expense line item that had a meaningful increase over last year was direct product costs, which are success-based and tied to growth in our connectivity businesses. Breaking out our Connectivity & Platforms EBITDA results further, residential EBITDA increased 1.1%, with margins improving 100 basis points to 39.9%, and business services EBITDA growth rebounded nicely this quarter, returning to a mid-single-digit rate, while margin declined 70 basis points to 57%, reflecting the investments in sales and fulfillment we are making to scale in the mid-market and enterprise space. Now, let's turn to Content & Experiences on Slide 5. Revenue decreased 7.5% to $10.1 billion, and EBITDA decreased 11% to $1.9 billion. I'll detail these results further, starting with theme parks. Revenue decreased 11% and EBITDA declined 24% in the quarter compared to last year's record level for a second quarter. As Mike highlighted, two-thirds of the decline was driven by our domestic parks, due to lower attendance compared to last year, largely reflecting two factors; normalization in demand post-COVID, combined with the timing of our domestic attractions. This is the first full quarter comparison to the highly successful opening of Super Nintendo World in Hollywood early last year, which drove that park's record results in the second quarter of last year. And we haven't launched a major new attraction in Orlando since VelociCoaster in 2021 in anticipation of Epic Universe, which we originally planned to open this year. On the international side, underlying growth at our park in Osaka continues, partially offset by foreign currency as well as some softness at Universal Beijing due to the local macroeconomic environment. To reiterate, we couldn't be more bullish about the long-term trajectory of parks. In addition to Epic Universe, we have a fantastic slate of new attractions and experiences on the horizon, Donkey Kong Country in Osaka and a Fast and Furious Roller Coaster in Hollywood, as well as the Universal Horror Unleashed in Las Vegas and our Universal Kids Resort coming to Texas. Now let's turn to media, where revenue increased 2% and EBITDA was up 9%, driven by Peacock. Peacock revenue grew 28%, with 9% growth in advertising and 61% growth in distribution, driven by the 38% year-over-year increase in our paid subscriber base to 33 million. On a sequential basis, we held subscribers fairly steady. As we noted, during our last earnings call, our focus in the second quarter was on subscriber retention due to the lack of new tentpole content in the quarter. This timing and content also contributed to some relief in our expenses, which helped drive year-over-year Peacock EBITDA improvement of $300 million. We are pleased with the progress we are making, with media EBITDA for the first half of the year up nearly 3% as the improvement at Peacock outweighed the pressure at our TV networks. As we look to the second half of the year, we expect continued modest growth in overall media EBITDA, but with some variation in the degree of year-over-year improvement between the quarters, driven by the timing of sports, entertainment launches and marketing. Beginning in the third quarter, we are loaded with incremental content, including the Olympics, Sunday Night Football, which will have an additional game fall into the third quarter, as well as Peacock's exclusive NFL game from Brazil and the return of Big Ten. Given the timing of this content, EBITDA growth will be skewed to the fourth quarter. At studios, revenue decreased 27% and EBITDA decreased 51%, reflecting both the timing of our film slate and a tough comparison relative to last year's second quarter, which included the tremendously successful Super Mario Bros. movie as well as Fast X. We have said our film slate is weighted to the back-half of the year, which we believe will drive better year-over-year performance, and we're off to a strong start. Despicable Me 4 had a terrific opening weekend earlier this month, making the Despicable Me series of movies the first animated franchise in history to cross the $5 billion mark. And Twisters is off to a strong start, landing at number one at the box office this past weekend. And we're excited about our upcoming titles, including Wild Robot in September and Wicked in November. I'll wrap up with free cash flow and capital allocation on Slide 6. As I mentioned earlier, we generated $1.3 billion in free cash flow this quarter, which includes a $2 billion increase in cash taxes over last year's level. Total capital spending declined 10% compared to last year with the $3.4 billion in spending reflecting the significant investments we continue to make to support our growth drivers, such as expanding our footprint and further strengthening our domestic broadband network, scaling our streaming business and supporting the continued build of our Epic Universe Theme Park ahead of its opening in 2025. Turning to return of capital. For the quarter, we returned a total of $3.4 billion to shareholders. This includes share repurchases of $2.2 billion and dividend payments of $1.2 billion. Notably, since we restarted our buyback program just three years ago, we have reduced our share count by 16% and returned just under $50 billion to shareholders through a combination of buybacks and dividends, prudently balancing investments we've made in the business around our six core growth drivers, protecting a strong balance sheet and providing strong capital returns to shareholders. Now, let me turn it over to Brian for some closing remarks. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks. And just to tie everything together what Mike and Jason have just said and as our results continue to show, I really believe we are dealing with the competitive landscape shifts exceptionally well and that's because we have a great team across the company that knows how to execute and innovate. We have the scale, balance sheet and relevancy to compete with anyone. So, if you think about what we're doing to position ourselves for growth, we've expanded our broadband network by 1.2 million new homes passed in the last 12 months, the most in the company's history, and we put plan to continue to do that. We're upbeat about the long-term in parks despite this quarter and are about to finish building the biggest, most technologically advanced theme park to hit the US market in decades with Epic Universe next year. And as you've seen recently, instead of engaging in a process to buy content companies, we have focused primarily on organic opportunities like the NBA, one of the most coveted sports franchises across the globe, which will help drive growth for us well into the future. With that, let's hand it over to Marci to take your questions.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Brian. Operator, we are ready to open the line for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. And Mike, thanks for all the detail on the NBA contract. Appreciate that. I wanted to ask about parks and broadband. Maybe, Jason, on broadband, you made some comments about ACP and how Dave and the team are managing it, it seems like it's going well. It seems like you were implying third quarter losses might be down from Q2. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but you talked about an offset around seasonality, I was just wondering if maybe you could revisit that in a little bit about how you guys are managing it from a product and marketing point of view in the third quarter. And presumably, that's the end, we can move on beyond 3Q, we can put ACP behind us, so wanted to ask about that. And then, on parks, thank you for all the color. When you guys look at your pacing data, which I imagine you've got months ahead of you that you can see, is there any -- do you see any churn, or should we be thinking about year-on-year pressure on this segment moving at least through the end of the year and into next year as we get ready for Epic? Any more color on sort of what the outlook looks like would be appreciated. Thanks so much.
Dave Watson: Hey, Ben, this is Dave. I'm going to jump in a little bit on the ACP part first. So, on -- I think it's important to just cover a little bit of context and then we'll get to the outlook in view of Q3. Most of the enrolled ACP customers as we said before have been with us and they are on a postpaid basis, so I think that's an important thing to remember. And our strategy has been consistent. We've been looking to help the ACP customers stay connected through a variety of options, starting with Internet Essential. And since 2011, we've connected millions in the largest, most comprehensive private sector Internet adoption program in the country. The good news is that our ACP customers are eligible to switch to our IE, Internet Essential tiers that we have, and we have a couple. In addition, we have Xfinity Mobile and we have good offers through this transition and to help them save money on their monthly bills. The Internet Essential customer, the plus tier, customers could take a free line of Xfinity Mobile for a year and ACP customers who add Xfinity Mobile can get an additional free unlimited line for a year. So -- and then we just started with NOW Internet, NOW Mobile, and so nothing material on that, but I think it puts us in good position as we complete the transition. We spent -- as Jason said, we've spent a lot of time thinking about this, been very proactive, prepared for this, and in many ways, it's similar to the promotional role activity that we've managed for decades, so we're used to that. On the -- from a subscriber viewpoint, also as Jason said, we saw a minimal impact in ACP in Q2. Looking forward, we expect the bulk of the ACP subscriber-related activity to happen in the third quarter, including losses associated with non-paid churn. Very focused on retention. It's early, but the biggest impact I think we're going to see will be on the non-pay side, and as we're just getting into the beginning of the non-pay cycles. Encouragingly, we're not seeing much voluntary churn in this group. So, our goal, we'd like to get through the ACP impact as quickly as possible, and right now we're planning to take a reserve on incremental non-pay activity in the third quarter, but again, it is too early to quantify and we just won't know until we're further through the cycle. So, we have a normal disconnect process that we managed for a long period of time, and again, this is the post-pay universe that we have managed through. So, we'll -- that is our view. I think it will be primarily within Q3, but encouraged by at least the voluntary churn aspect. Jason?
Jason Armstrong: Yeah. I think Dave said it perfectly, as you think about third quarter, Ben, I think unpacking it and similar to what we saw in the second quarter, the competitive environment remains intense, but it's stable. It's sort of no worse, no better than we've seen over the past couple of quarters, I think that's the starting point. Second, as we pointed out, it's a quarter where we do get seasonal tailwinds, the same things that were headwinds in the second quarter largely become tailwinds in the third quarter. And then there's ACP that works against that where we will see an impact. As Dave said, the intention is to be largely through the impact by the end of the third quarter between actions we've seen and then a reserve we will take. And so, that's the thing we have to make sure we're executing very well against, but as Dave said, the early trends on that, whether it's voluntary churn or trends we've seen so far in non-pay and building non-pay and reserves around that are encouraging.
Ben Swinburne: Great.
Mike Cavanagh: And, Ben, it's Mike on parks. So, to hit on that again and appreciate the question, I think we covered a lot in the earlier remarks, but I'll start where Brian last finished, which is, we couldn't be more excited about and confident in the long-term trajectory of the parks business, particularly as we look ahead to next year with Epic Universe, which is truly -- looking truly unbelievable. And then, other attractions coming, Hollywood is going to get a Coaster and Donkey Kong Country into Osaka in the latter part of this year. Timing, TBD on both of those. But in the near term, I think the domestic attendance challenge that was -- what drove two-thirds of the poor comparison, the factors causing that, which is really the COVID pull-forward that we talked about and the timing of attractions, particularly in Hollywood lapping Super Nintendo, and in Florida, the fact that we originally planned to have Epic opened this year, but with COVID pushed it back, and so have a lull in the action. We haven't started a new big attraction since VelociCoaster in 2021. So, as a result of that, I think the factors, even though we're excited about Hollywood Horror Nights in the second half of the year and a little bit of moving past the lapping, I think the trends that we are experiencing likely continue until we get to -- until we get to Epic opening up sometime next year.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you, guys.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Ben. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. Next question is coming from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. Your line is now live.
Craig Moffett: Hi, thank you. Good morning. A little bit more on ACP, if I could. Mike, could you just give us any early insight you've got on the delinquency rate for people that are 30 days or 60 days past due, just so we can sort of get a sense of what non-pays may look like? And then, presumably, there was some impact, certainly, there was in the first quarter, of just lower gross adds in the category because new enrollments were shut off and somebody moving across the street, for example, would lose it at their old address, but not be able to get it at their new one. Do you have any estimate for how much ACP impact there might have been in the gross add category? And then, just two -- one just simple housekeeping question. You typically report cable margins on the conference call, in the script. I didn't hear it, maybe I missed it, but I'm wondering if you could tell us what cable margins were in the quarter.
Mike Cavanagh: I'll let Dave handle the ACP question, Craig. It's Mike.
Dave Watson: Hey, Craig, Dave. So, in terms of delinquency rates, there's nothing. We're watching, it's just -- we have a normal process that we manage through based on due dates and voices and it goes anywhere from two to three months. There's nothing at this point to report on at this stage. We watch it closely. Other than to go back to what I said, been very proactive, and I think it we're helped by experience and promotional roles and the fact that we tried to put customers into packages that made sense for them proactively. So, there's a lot of work that went into that ahead of time, but nothing at this stage and we'll give more as we go. In terms of -- the question in terms of lower gross adds impacts on connects, it was not material that we saw in Q2. So maybe just a little bit in terms of things that we said, but yeah, it wasn't a substantial impact in Q2 and we think the bulk of what we're seeing is really going to be on the non-pay side, which will occur in Q3.
Jason Armstrong: Hey, Craig, let me hit the margin question real quick. So, I would say, the way we're looking at the business is really across Connectivity & Platforms. So, looking at it that way and managing the business that way. But to unpack it, legacy cable margin, if you wanted to look at it that way, the margin was up 110 basis points in the quarter, so really strong operating improvement to up to 48.4%.
Craig Moffett: Okay. Thanks. Could I squeeze in one more and just [Technical Difficulty] your thinking is right now about BEAD and whether we might see more capital investment on the BEAD side?
Dave Watson: Yeah, this is Dave. BEAD, we're looking at it very closely. It is going to be worked out on a state-by-state basis. We're optimistic in a lot of cases, but we'll have to look for the guidelines and the specifics tied to it. Nothing at this point would suggest we're going to be beyond the capital intensity that we've already given out. I think with all -- I mean, we're optimistic. One of the points that Brian mentioned, the 1.2 million that we've done in the last 12 months is astounding. And the machine is really going. So, we're leaning in, going for it, but BEAD will be on a state-by-state basis.
Marci Ryvicker: Operator, we are now ready for the next question.
Operator: Certainly. Next question is coming from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. I have an NBA question and also one on advertising. The benefits, as you outlined, are pretty obvious of getting the NBA, but it does come at a significant price. I was hoping if you could walk us through how you expect to make a positive financial return and maybe elaborate a little more on what role Peacock will play since there's a clear benefit there. But how does it affect -- how does this new deal impact programming spend for other areas including general entertainment? And then, as part of Peacock, maybe you could talk about like the StreamSaver, the bundle with Netflix and Apple TV, and the response you've had? And then, on advertising, the upfront is now done. Maybe you can talk about a little bit about the unique selling position you've had relative to others and what the volume is overall on pricing, et cetera, just what you're seeing in the overall market?
Mike Cavanagh: Sure. Hey, Jessica, it's Mike. So, I think I've essentially covered everything that I wanted to cover and can cover at this stage on NBA in the prepared remarks. Obviously, when the NBA makes its ultimate announcements, we'll -- that will be another moment where we can go deeper. But just to the point generally is that we are looking at the NBA as we all said as some of the premier content that is culturally relevant, excellent audience, widens out the calendar year for us across Peacock and NBC, can do a lot with the demographics that follow the NBA around other programming. So, when you think about the business case for it, when you look at the long-term and as we are managing the media business, broadcast and Peacock as one, I think the unique reach that we have and ability for a sport like the NBA to reach so far with our existing broadcast business and use, as I said earlier, plenty of exclusive games for Peacock to drive excellent acquisition in Peacock and we've talked about before using NBA. And as we've talked about before, sports has been a great source of acquisition for us in Peacock and a great source of value to the consumer. But what's very interesting to us is how significant the viewership is of sports viewers on Peacock of things other than sports. So, when you take a zoom out and think about the total picture of what we're trying to do, which is to bring our excellent TV media assets into the future, I think you can -- we view the NBA as an excellent piece in that puzzle and it will allow us to rebalance programming from other areas. Obviously, we'll fill a few nights on NBC with this content versus other content, and we'll use this to do acquisition spend in Peacock and lighten up in some other places. But the long-term goal for Peacock is to have a service that is a balance of sports, entertainment, and news. And so our content teams are now very focused on that new audience and what we're going to be able to do to drive entertainment content with the advantage of being linked closely to the NBA and to the audience that follows it. And then, on advertising, so second quarter, pretty -- only a slight step down from the first quarter, but clearly we had a much heavier load of sports in the first quarter than the second quarter, and so that -- adjusting for that, I'd say again that the advertising market remains pretty stable, and we feel very well-positioned for the second half of the year with the Olympics coming up starting this Friday, elections, and a great slate of content coming to NBC and Peacock. In terms of the upfront, we're pleased with our results. Total volume for us is going to be basically in line with last year as is linear price. We got well over $1 billion in upfront volume for Peacock again, which -- a nice growth over what we had last year. And so, if you step back, we'd say the overall upfront market was pretty solid. We moved quickly given our strength of our assets to secure the volume that we got. So, we feel we were a success in this more challenging upfront given the arrival of so many of the new players, especially in the AVOD and SVOD space. So that's the report on the upfronts, but we're moving forward and feel like the team did quite a good job.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jessica. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from John Hodulik from UBS. Your line is now live.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks. Maybe on the cable side, a little bit better trends in both video and wireless. On the video side, what's driving the improvement there? Do you expect it to continue? And are you seeing any effects of the launch of the NOW brand? And then, in wireless, you guys talked about some new pricing and promotion, but do you guys think you're benefiting at all from some of the ACP losses on the prepaid side? I don't know if you guys saw yesterday, Verizon announced they sort of turned off 400,000 subscribers. I think we'll see something similar with the rest of the wireless companies. But do you think this underlying growth is sustainable, or do you think that ACP is somehow boosting the growth at this point? Thanks.
Dave Watson: Hey, John, Dave. So, in terms of video, as Jason said, it's -- our video losses are lower than the ones -- last year, it's tied. We did take a slightly less rate increase this year than last year. And the key for us in video is just positioning video with broadband and that video does help in that regard. We've seen positive churn in terms of video, reimagining video around the NOW TV product and IP and that has been steady. It's still early, but has been helpful. So, video, I think for the right segment, we offer a lot of value and we continue to position it, I think, very well with broadband. But difficult -- and still in terms of some of the fees and things that we have, but I think an important category for us. So on -- in terms of the Mobile side, NOW Mobile is not material at this point, way too early. The acceleration in line adds over Q1 driven by the early success of the new pricing plans, really competitive now in multi-line pricing. Launched in April, we targeted it for a while, now it's scaling, and it's really got traction, as well as the Buy One, Get One line offer to our base. So, wireless is such an important part of our overall strategy and key that it's 12% penetration, we've got great runway ahead. Business Mobile is just getting going and it's a great position for us in terms of convergence. I think, we're uniquely positioned in terms of ubiquitous offers across our entire footprint, and mobile will be front and center as we approach the Olympics and we will have a great offer with broadband, with mobile, being able to tie all this together, so very excited with it. The comment -- just one other part in terms of what happened in terms of Verizon's unpacking that, the only thing I'll say is, I think it's an important distinction that our ACP customers are postpaid versus their prepaid. It's a different group, a different dynamic. And so, not really -- we're just getting going on our NOW products. And so, it's very, very early on. Excited about that. And I think we're introducing it at a very good moment, but it's not material at this stage.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, John. Operator, we're ready for the next question.
Operator: Certainly. Next question is coming from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street. Your line is now live.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks, guys. I guess for Jason, two quick ones on content costs in the connectivity business. They came in quite a bit lower than we expected, and I'm wondering if you can give us a little bit more color on what's driving the trend there and how sustainable it is. And then, we're trending a little bit lower than guidance on CapEx so far this year. I'm wondering if that's just timing-related if it picks up in the back half of the year. And then, Mike, I'm not sure if you -- I heard you loud and clear on having sort of said what you can on the NBA deal. I'm wondering if you can just give us a little bit of context around the timing of costs and revenues though. When -- I recognize it's forward-looking, but when should we expect to see the costs from the new contracts start to hit? Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Jonathan. Why don't I start with CapEx, Dave will hit content costs, and then Mike with NBA. So, on CapEx, you're right, we've had some variability this year. I would say, relative to the initial guidance we gave both on the Content & Experiences side, where we talked about this is the final significant year of Epic spending and then we get relief beyond this. And then, on the Connectivity & Platform side, which I think is probably where more of your question was, we gave a capital intensity envelope as we entered the year. We also said intend to do 1.1 million-plus in terms of homes passed. We're obviously trending a little bit above that at this point, but still feel comfortable with the capital intensity envelope that we gave. And so, there are some timing aspects around equipment purchases within the year. I would say, still feel comfortable with the existing capital intensity envelope. And within that, doing more and more homes passed at a really efficient rate, I think that's a testament to how the team is executing here.
Dave Watson: Hey, Jonathan, Dave. So, just on the content cost side of things, that's also timing related. We -- in the sports side, well-known thing in terms of RSNs and -- but there are other timing-related things. Every contract with the programming partner is different, every relationship is different, so won't go into the specifics. But it is key that we focus on, for us flexibility, increasing market choice. We segment the marketplace both video and broadband, and together, and that is important that we're competitive in every segment. And at the end of the day, we're focusing on value. Combining linear streaming considerations on a case-by-case basis, but mostly at this point is timing related.
Mike Cavanagh: And Jonathan, it's Mike. On NBA, I wish it were sooner, but the contract doesn't start till the 2025-2026 season. So, it's fall of 2025 that we would start to bear the expense of the right side of it. And obviously, that is also as we build into that when we would begin to see the benefits of subscriber acquisition around the NBA.
Brian Roberts: And this is Brian. Just want to -- just to close out perhaps Mike's opening comments on the NBA. Doesn't -- opportunities like this come along very rarely when there's long-term relationships up for grabs. Inside and we'll have -- when it gets all announced, the detail that Mike described, we have probably more content than anybody and it's all, I think, at a value that we'll be able to, as one of the other questions asked, support and demonstrate. And one of our real advantages here is the way we're running the media business, and Mike created one group with our existing assets like NBC and our growing asset like Peacock, and putting that together is very appealing for the reach, for the consumer access, for the innovation that we'll have in the years ahead, and you'll see some of that innovation during the Olympics. There'll be a lot of content on NBC, but way more content on Peacock, and it allows for the trends that we're seeing in viewing behavior. So, it's a very exciting moment and I think we'll have more to say in the weeks ahead.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jonathan. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. Next question is coming from Michael Ng from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
Michael Ng: Hey, good morning. Thank you for the question. I just have two, one on business services and one on wireless. First on business services, I was just wondering if you could talk about some of the key initiatives or things that might be changing at Comcast business following Ed's appointment as President to more aggressively pursue the mid-market or enterprise? What are you seeing in terms of the competitive side within SMB? Is it just fixed wireless, or is there more to that? And then, on wireless, given the strong potential upgrade cycle on the back of AI smartphones and the iPhone 16, I was just wondering if you could talk about the Xfinity Mobile strategy to capitalize this -- on this from a promotional marketing perspective. What levers are you planning to pull this holiday to potentially lean into wireless to help the broadband business and wireless at large? Thanks.
Dave Watson: Got it. Thank you. This is Dave. So, a couple of things. Let me start with business. As you said, it is competitive in the small business categories, competitive in every category, but in particular, the small business one. There certainly is some fixed wireless that we've seen, and saw it in the Verizon results, pretty high percentage of the fixed wireless that are in the small business thing, and we're -- we look at that closely. We are intensely focused on our competitive playbooks and we're going to constantly compete for share. But we're also focused on revenue per relationship. And so, in the small business area, before getting into mid-market, we're doing a lot of product upgrades, adding value and speed, WiFi, security. And so, we made good progress and revenue focus around in small business. And it's such a huge opportunity for us and still in terms of small business. But Ed has stepped right in. It's a terrific team in the business services group that he's working with. And there really is, I think, a unique opportunity. When you look at the overall addressable market of $60 billion, less than 20% there, and a huge chunk of this will be mid-market and enterprise. And we're -- and you add on top of that international opportunities that we're beginning to coordinate and work well with Dana and the team at Sky. So, yeah, we really are seeing nice relationship growth in mid-market and enterprise. That's the starting point, but in addition to like all of our strategies, we're adding more products and attaching new products on these relationships, and going beyond just connectivity into a full managed relationship basis. So, Ed is driving that, and we're in a good competitive position for growth, and I think we have a good ability to increase ARPU across an increasing higher-end base of customers. So, on the mobile side of upgrade, it is -- every single upgrade moment pay close attention to that one too, and we're optimistic. We're in good position. We have a great trade-in program for mobile that we've had in place now for a while. And then, in addition to that, we go in and out in terms of subsidies on top of that trade-in program. And then, when good upgrade moments happen, we are the switching provider. So, when people -- we have great core rates and we have good handset offers and good position for it. So, being a switching provider, I think we are -- I think in a unique position to really take advantage of that. And when you look at things going into the optimism for Q3, one of the most important programs that we'll do, along with the handset upgrade initiative on mobile will be the Olympics. And the Olympics are such a unique opportunity for us to showcase the best broadband, the best mobile service offering, combining those two things together in such an attractive offer. On top of that is the greatest UI in the marketplace that helps you find whatever you want. So, really excited about that. Look for that in the next couple of days, but mobile will be front and center along with broadband when that happens.
Michael Ng: Great. Thanks, Dave.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Mike. Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Certainly. Our final question today is coming from Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
Steven Cahall: Thanks. So, with mid-splits now reaching over 40% of the footprint, I was just wondering if you have an updated outlook on when you think you'll be at DOCSIS 4 for most of your broadband passings. And maybe within this you could just update us on where fiber overlap is, but also as you get through this network investment architecture that you laid out earlier this year, when you think about the capital intensity in C&P coming down and we'll start to see that benefit in growing free cash flow. So, timing on that, I think, would be really interesting. And then, how are you thinking about getting to just breakeven on Peacock? You talked about media EBITDA on a total basis growing in the first half and in the second half, too. It seems like if the Peacock losses keep getting better at this pace, you could be close to breakeven this time next year, but I know you've got NBA coming. So, just wondering if we could think about that benchmark quite yet. Thank you.
Dave Watson: Hey, Steven, this is Dave. Let me start and then hand it over on the Peacock side. So, we're 42% mid-split right now. We expect to be 50% by year-end. And the DOCSIS 4.0 that follows, multiple markets so far, it's early, no specifics in terms of the final rollout on that. But it really is tracking very well on top of the lot of new footprint expansions of 1.2 million over the last 12 months, this upgrade program is moving along very well, and it tracks to where the customers are, and our steady focus around the higher end. And one of the things that we see, we have the most effective and efficient build that's ubiquitous that is addressing speed, capacity, coverage and it helps us because as we're doing this, remember, we're virtualizing huge parts of the network and avoiding future node split. So, it's very efficient in helping us with the -- 70% of our customers are 500 megabits or higher, a third are taking a gig. And it's tracking to maybe one of the biggest tailwinds that is out there and that's the fact that our network consumption is still low double-digits increasing. And that's not stopping. And so, we're putting ourselves in position with a great upgrade program. And so that to me is, I think, a great advantage that we do have. In terms of competition, in terms of fiber, we're now 50% in terms of the overbuilt. We expect by the end of '25, that'll get to 60%. We'll probably go higher than that. We have a long track record of competing against fiber 20 years at this point. So, we do think fiber is quite frankly the longer-term competitor, keeping our eye on, compete fiercely against fixed wireless and every competitor, but we anticipate where they're building, what they're doing and keeping track of all of that. So, like our results -- and encouraged, when you look going into Q3, one of the reasons of optimism is that voluntary churn that continues to perform very well. And I think it's our superior network combined with better products and extreme focus on competition.
Jason Armstrong: Hey, Steven, I would just round that out on the capital intensity question, because I think embedded in that was sort of a long-term capital intensity question. If you look at what we're doing now, the path towards mid-splits, which as Dave mentioned, really good progress there, that kicking off DOCSIS 4.0 and then adding 1.2 million homes passed, which is a record for us in the last 12 months and doing that all within through the existing capital intensity envelope, which is one of, if not, the lowest in the industry. So, very good progress there. As you think about longer term, a lot of people ask this question in the context of is there the next big thing coming in terms of the network upgrade. We feel very comfortable between mid-splits and DOCSIS 4.0, that leading to multi-gig symmetrical speeds that, that is the network for the future. So, we don't see the next big thing coming. The one area that I'd point out, we'd love to do more homes passed. We've accelerated the rate from 800,000 in the past couple of years up to currently 1.2 million. We won't get capital intensity because of that. If those are good returns and things we should be doing, we'd love to do more there.
Mike Cavanagh: Steven, on Peacock and media EBITDA, I think you heard us right anyway, heard me right. I've been talking since I've been doing this that I don't really look at Peacock as standalone. I mean, it's an interesting exercise and I'm happy to share the numbers of what the loss is on Peacock as we're building it. But strategically to not pursue that path would leave the existing media business on a downward trend. So, I think we are thinking about it over multiple years. I'm very confident that what we're doing around Peacock and the media business together, operating together is going to put us on a path to optimize that business. And as you said, I think this is a year where we see the growth in Peacock offsetting the decline in some of our linear businesses, and that's basically a trend I would expect to see carry forward. There's going to be ebbs and flows. As Brian said, something like NBA is once in a generation almost to get an opportunity like that. So obviously, we'll make some adjustments and it might pause our trajectory the year we take it on board, but I think it's part and parcel of the idea that we're bringing the media business to a better future by investing behind Peacock and doing it together with all our assets, entertainment, sports and news as what our media business will look to be in the future. Well, thank you everybody. I think that's it. I stole Marci's line. Go ahead.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Steve. This concludes our second quarter earnings call. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's question-and-answer session and today's conference call. A replay of the call will be available starting at 11:30 am Eastern Time today on Comcast Investor Relations website. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference call is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Executive Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker. 
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining us on today's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Jason Armstrong and Dave Watson. I will now refer you to Slide 2 of the presentation accompanying this call, which can also be found on our Investor Relations website and which contains our safe harbor disclaimer. 
 This conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedule issued earlier this morning, for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, Marci, and good morning, everyone. Across the company, our team is managing extremely well in a highly competitive and evolving marketplace. We have a clear vision for how we are going to compete now and into the future, combined with a sharp focus on execution. Equally important, our disciplined capital allocation strategy, coupled with our strong balance sheet, puts us in an enviable position relative to our peers to invest organically and aggressively in our 6 scaled and diverse growth businesses namely: Residential Broadband, Wireless, Business Services, Theme Parks, Studios and Streaming. These businesses comprise more than 55% of the company's total revenue today, and that proportion will only grow over time. 
 In the first quarter, these businesses generated a high single-digit increase in revenue on a trailing 12-month basis. And when combined with our substantial share repurchase activity, enabled us to deliver double-digit adjusted EPS growth as well as significant growth in free cash flow per share. In fact, since 2018, we grew adjusted EPS over 50% and free cash flow per share nearly 25%. 
 Now for some of the highlights of the first quarter, I'll start with Broadband. The broadband market remains extremely competitive, particularly within the market for more price-conscious consumers. We continue to be intensely focused on segmentation, providing customers with options that meet both their lifestyle and budget. Importantly, we are striking the right balance between ARPU and subscribers, which is clearly reflected in our first quarter results, where despite modest subscriber losses, ARPU grew over 4%, driving mid-single-digit growth in residential broadband revenue to over $6.5 billion. 
 We continue to see extremely encouraging broadband consumption trends across our base of 32 million customers. Usage on our network rose double digits year-over-year with broadband-only households consuming over 700 gigabytes of data each month, and our broadband customers continue to value faster speeds. Today, over 70% of our residential subscribers receive speeds of 500 megabits per second or higher and around 1/3 are getting a gig or more. 
 We believe that consumers' expectations for their broadband experience in terms of speed, reliability, security and performance will only increase over time. It is extremely important to us that our network upgrades stay well ahead of this demand, our deployment of mid splits doubled year-over-year and now reach 40% of the footprint. The investments we are making to increase capacity and incorporate multi-gigabit symmetrical speeds everywhere we offer service put us in a great position to capitalize on these very favorable consumer trends. And when combined with our rapid footprint expansion, set us up to gain market share and return to broadband subscriber growth over time. 
 Turning to wireless. We increased our domestic customer lines by 21% year-over-year to nearly $7 million, yet with wireless penetration of our residential broadband customer base still only 11%, we have plenty of room to grow. We continue to see the benefit of bundling broadband and mobile, which decreases churn and improves customer lifetime value. Our customers also benefit by being connected to our WiFi network, which is the largest in the nation. In fact, 90% of all Xfinity Mobile traffic is delivered over WiFi, not cellular, and we are constantly adding new features to further differentiate the experience. The most recent example is our introduction of WiFi Boost, which enables any Xfinity Mobile customer to experience speeds of up to 1 gig whenever they connect to our 23 million hotspots at no additional cost. 
 Across our Connectivity & Platforms business, we're focused on profitably serving each segment of the market from our premium and traditional customers who want fully featured products to more price-driven consumers. With regard to the latter, we are introducing NOW, a new brand and product portfolio targeting the prepaid market that delivers high-quality, low-cost Internet, mobile and streaming TV products with simple all-in pricing. 
 NOW Internet and mobile will be particularly helpful to those Americans impacted by the end of ACP, bringing them another option for affordable, reliable connectivity and supplementing our Internet Essentials program, which we offer to eligible households as part of our long-standing commitment to help close the digital divide in America. 
 Turning to Content & Experiences. Let's start with parks. We continue to see strong underlying demand in both Hollywood and Japan, where healthy attendance and per cap levels were once again driven by the success of Super Nintendo World. Building on our momentum, later this year, we're opening our newest Nintendo-themed land, Donkey Kong Country, which will increase the size of Super Nintendo World in Japan by 70%. 
 Switching gears to Orlando. We started to feel some pressure on attendance levels late in the first quarter, which tends to occur in tandem with the ebbs and flows of new attractions in the market. Right now, we happen to be lapping the multiyear surge in attendance from our opening of new attractions in prior periods, but we remain confident about our longer-term growth opportunities, especially as we look ahead to next year with the opening of Epic Universe. With 3 new hotels and 5 immersive worlds featuring more than 50 attractions, entertainment, dining and shopping experiences, it will be the most technologically advanced park in the world. Together with our 3 current gates in Orlando, Epic will enable us to offer a full week's vacation experience to even more guests. 
 Moving to Studios. We're incredibly proud of our film team and our recent ranking as the #1 global studio by worldwide box office and winner of Academy Awards, including Best Picture for Christopher Nolan's Oppenheimer. On the back of our fantastic performance in 2023, the power of our studios continued this quarter with the theatrical release of Kung Fu Panda 4, which has grossed over $480 million in worldwide box office to date. And we have an exciting slate still ahead. For the third year in a row, we'll release more movies than any other major studio with The Fall Guy, an action thriller starring Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt coming this May; Despicable Me 4, Illumination's newest installment of this highest grossing animated franchise as well as our adaptation of Twisters, both debuting in July; and Wicked, one of the most highly anticipated movies of 2024 coming in November. 
 Finally in media. We are successfully managing the segment as one business across linear and streaming, by providing the tens of millions of traditional pay TV subscribers as well as streamers with choice in how they engage with us, we continue to generate significant audience for our programming. Big events like the Olympics, Sunday Night Football, Big Ten; top entertainment shows like Saturday Night Live and Law & Order, with strong consumer demand for our content, we're well positioned to evolve with the changing market. 
 Our exclusively streamed NFL Wild Card game was a big success this past quarter. We added and then retained even more new Peacock subscribers than we expected. Overall, people are staying with us to engage in a broad range of content, spending 90% of their time on the platform viewing nonsports programming. This includes scripted shows like Ted and reality shows like The Traitors, both of which ranked within Nielsen's streaming top 10. And our award-winning collection of films like Oppenheimer, which premiered exclusively on Peacock in February and was the most watched film across all streaming in its first 7 days on the platform. 
 Clearly, Peacock has been on a great trajectory since our launch 4 years ago, where 34 million paid subscribers having grown 12 million year-over-year and at a $10 ARPU. Looking ahead, our content offering provides such a great value proposition that we should have some real pricing power over time. 
 Of course, sports also play an important role in our media business, and that's especially true this year. Following the Kentucky Derby in May, we'll have the Paris Olympics for 17 nights this summer. With more programming hours on the NBC Broadcast Network than any previous Olympics and over 5,000 hours of live coverage on Peacock, the games are on track to generate the most advertising revenue in history with $1.2 billion in ad sales commitments. 
 Right after the Olympics, we have the return of football with Big Ten, Sunday Night Football and the NFL's first-ever Friday night opening game from So Paulo, streaming exclusively on Peacock. 
 So wrapping up, I'm really proud of the work that our teams across the company are doing. Together, we're executing at the highest level and positioning ourselves for growth in a challenging and dynamic marketplace. So Jason, over to you. 
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I'll start with our consolidated results on Slide 4. Total revenue increased 1% to $30.1 billion. And within this, our 6 major growth drivers generated nearly $17 billion in revenue, well over half of total company revenue and once again have shown steady and consistent growth at a high single-digit rate over the past 12 months. 
 While EBITDA was in line with prior year's level at $9.4 billion, we generated a high level of free cash flow this quarter at $4.5 billion, and we returned $3.6 billion of capital to shareholders, including $2.4 billion in share repurchases. And over the last 12 months, we have reduced our share count by nearly 6%, contributing to our adjusted EPS growth in the quarter of 14%. 
 Now let's go through our business results, starting on Slide 5 with Connectivity & Platforms. Note that our largest foreign exchange exposure is to the British pound, which was up 4% year-over-year. So as usual, in order to highlight the underlying performance of the Connectivity & Platforms business, I will refer to year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis. 
 Revenue for total Connectivity & Platforms was flat at $20.3 billion, reflecting strong growth in connectivity revenues, offset mainly by declines in video revenue. Residential Connectivity revenue grew 7%, driven by 4% growth in domestic broadband, 13% growth in domestic wireless and 19% growth in international connectivity, while Business Services Connectivity revenue grew 5%. 
 In domestic broadband, our revenue growth was driven by very strong ARPU, which increased 4.2% and came in a bit above our historical range. Our team is doing an excellent job of customer segmentation while balancing rate and volume. And we are encouraged by the positive consumer behavior trends we see in our base of 32 million customers. 
 Bandwidth requirements and engagement are increasing at a rapid clip while the vast majority of our customers are now on speeds of 500 megabits or higher, and adopting advanced tier as a service like xFi complete at a higher rate. But as Mike mentioned, it continues to be a very competitive environment. And we lost 65,000 subscribers in the first quarter, following a loss of 34,000 subscribers in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 As we sit here right now, we do not see this trend improving in the near term. We expect churn could be elevated given the end of ACP, which is only fully funded through April and partially funded through May. We remain in constant communication with our ACP customers and we'll continue to be diligent in helping this customer segment stay connected through various options. Whether that's our successful Internet Essentials program or our new prepaid NOW offerings, as Mike described. 
 In addition, I want to remind you that the second quarter also tends to experience seasonal headwinds. While it's a competitive market, especially for the price-driven segment, we will continue to compete aggressively, yet in a financially balanced way and expect to drive healthy broadband revenue growth through growth in ARPU, which we expect to remain well within our historical range of 3% to 4% growth even as we manage through the ACP transition. 
 Turning to domestic wireless. Revenue growth of 13% was due to higher service revenue, driven by a 21% year-over-year increase in our customer lines, ending the quarter at $6.9 million in total, including the 289,000 lines we just added in the quarter. We are consistently in the marketplace testing new offers, including some recent pricing plans targeted at multiline customers, the new NOW Mobile product as well as our Buy 1, Get 1 line offer. 
 We continue to see significant opportunity in wireless to increase the penetration of our domestic residential broadband customer base, which currently sits at 11% and to sell additional lines per account. International connectivity revenue reflects strong growth in broadband revenue, driven by solid ARPU growth as well as growth in wireless due to additional customer lines and also higher ARPU. 
 For business services connectivity, we generated 5% revenue growth driven by higher ARPU in small business and broader growth in both customers and additional solutions for mid-market and enterprise. The SMB market has gotten more competitive but will aggressively defend our position. And similar to this quarter, we'll grow revenue by increasing ARPU, driven by higher adoption of additional products like Mobile, Security Edge, Connection Pro and WiFi Pro and through targeted rate opportunities. 
 Meanwhile, our momentum continues to build in mid-market and enterprise as our expanding capabilities in managed services, wide area networking and cybersecurity have led to increasing customer wins and the expansion of existing relationships. 
 The strong growth in our Connectivity businesses was offset by a decline in video and other revenue. The decline in our video revenue was driven by continued customer losses and slower domestic ARPU growth versus last year, and the lower Other revenue reflects continued customer losses in wireline voice. As I mentioned earlier, Connectivity & Platforms total EBITDA increased 1.3% with margin of 50 basis points, reflecting a decline in overall expenses driven by the mix shift to our high-margin connectivity businesses, combined with a continued focus on expense management. 
 While margins for our domestic legacy cable business improved even more, our international business was impacted by a reclassification of some expense from capitalized software to operating expenses, creating a tough comparison to last year. We will see a similar trend until we start to lap this change at the end of this year. 
 I'll note that absent this change, EBITDA growth in the first quarter would have been about 1 point higher, and our margin improvement would have been about 50 basis points higher. While this change increased our operating expenses this quarter, there was an offsetting decline in Connectivity & Platforms capital, resulting in a neutral impact on net cash flow, which was up 5% this quarter. 
 Breaking out our Connectivity & Platforms EBITDA results further. Residential EBITDA grew 1.1% with margins improving 60 basis points to 38.3%. And Business Services EBITDA growth was lower than our typical mid-single-digit level at 2.6% with margins declining 160 basis points to 56.7%. These results include significant investments in the enterprise space, including in sales and fulfillment that we are making to drive future revenue growth. Business Services generates well over $5 billion in annual EBITDA, which is margin accretive, and we expect it to continue to be a material contributor to overall connectivity and platforms growth this year and over the longer term. 
 Now let's turn to Content & Experiences on Slide 6. Overall, revenue increased 1% to $10.4 billion and EBITDA decreased 7% to $1.5 billion. Let's take a closer look at the details. Starting with Theme Parks. Revenue increased 2%, while EBITDA decreased 4% for the quarter. These results reflect the negative impact of currency as the Japanese yen is at a 34-year low against the dollar. 
 Adjusting the results to exclude the impact of foreign currency, Parks' revenue would have increased 5% and EBITDA would have been flat compared to last year's first quarter. We had strong underlying growth at our park in Osaka, which continues to benefit from demand for Super Nintendo World. We're also seeing growth in Hollywood despite lapping the opening of Super Nintendo World in that park during the quarter. 
 Beijing results were relatively flat in what is typically a seasonally light quarter, and Orlando results were below last year, but still roughly in line with pre-pandemic levels. We are seeing some pullback from the unprecedented attendance we realized immediately after the pandemic, which we believe is driven by the timing of new attraction openings and some increased competition from other entertainment venues, notably cruises. 
 At Media, which includes our TV Networks and Peacock, revenue increased 4% as Peacock's strong growth of 54% more than offset a low single-digit decline at our linear networks. Distribution revenue growth of 7% was driven by Peacock with subscription revenue growth of 68%, powered by the 55% year-over-year increase in our paid subscriber base to 34 million including 3 million net adds in the first quarter. 
 We are really pleased with Peacock's trajectory. We started the year with an incredibly successful NFL Wild Card game, which resulted in a nice lift to paid subs. But even more important was how our broad content offering enabled strong consumer acquisition, retention and engagement. We've had success across a broad range of content during the quarter, including films moving into our Pay-One window like Oppenheimer, the most watched Pay-One film in Peacock's history; and The Holdovers, as well as successful originals, including Apples Never Fall, Ted and the second season of The Traitors. 
 Looking ahead, we'll continue to be focused on retention, particularly in the second quarter as we look forward to the second half of the year, we will have a substantial amount of acquisition-oriented content lined up. This is consistent with Peacock's historical trends, and this year is expected to be driven by the Olympics this summer and the NFL and Big Ten returning in the fall, in addition to the steady stream of films landing in our Pay-One window as well as upcoming originals. 
 Finally, domestic advertising revenue was flat in the quarter, reflecting a stable overall market with strong advertising growth at Peacock, offset by lower advertising revenue at our linear networks. Media EBITDA decreased 6%, reflecting the revenue pressure on our linear networks, partially offset by continued year-over-year improvement in Peacock EBITDA losses even with the addition of the wildcard rights costs. And we expect to see, on average, even better year-over-year improvement for Peacock in the coming quarters. 
 At Studios, the revenue decline of 7% reflects lower content licensing, which was impacted by the timing of deliverables related to our film licensing business, which was partially offset by a modest increase in theatrical revenue, driven by the strong performance of Kung Fu Panda 4 at the box office this quarter. Studio's EBITDA declined 12%, reflecting the difficult comparison to last year's film slate, including the highly successful carryover title, Puss in Boots: The Last Wish and the timing of licensing deals at film. 
 Now I'll wrap up with free cash flow and capital allocation on Slide 7. As I mentioned previously, we generated $4.5 billion in free cash flow this quarter, and we achieved this even with the significant investments we continue to make to support our growth drivers. Specifically, our $3.3 billion in total capital spending this quarter incorporates our efforts in expanding our footprint and further strengthening our domestic broadband network, scaling our streaming business and supporting the continued build of our Epic Universe Theme Park ahead of its 2025 opening. And working capital was a $940 million drag for the quarter, a significant improvement over last year, a lot of which is timing related. 
 Turning to return on capital. For the quarter, we returned a total of $3.6 billion to shareholders, an increase of 13% year-over-year. This includes share repurchases of $2.4 billion and dividend payments of $1.2 billion. Putting it all together in the last 12 months, we've returned over $16 billion in capital to shareholders between share repurchases and dividends, reducing our share count by nearly 6%. 
 At the same time, we invested nearly $17 billion back into our businesses in the form of capital and working capital, carefully and consistently balancing reinvesting in our businesses for growth, returning significant capital to shareholders and doing so with a very strong balance sheet, which facilitates this consistency through a variety of operating environments. 
 Now let me turn it over to Marci for Q&A. 
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jason. Operator, let's open up the call for Q&A, please. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. 
Benjamin Swinburne: Two questions maybe for Dave on the Cable side. Could you talk maybe bigger picture about customer segmentation, particularly some of the new efforts around prepaid and the NOW brand as well as some of the speed boost you've done, and just how you think about that impacting the business over time? And then if you're willing to give us a little more on how you are able to deliver ARPU growth within the historical range through the CP transition, just given, obviously, the subsidies going away. 
 And then I think for Jason. We expect EBITDA growth this year, free cash flow growth this year. You guys had a nice free cash flow, first quarter. I guess, I would have expected buybacks to grow as well year-on-year. And as you point out on that last slide, trailing 12 months, $11.5 billion, $2.5 billion in the first quarter. So it looks like it's slowing a bit. So just wondering if you could comment or if there's anything that's changed on sort of the capital allocation leverage math that we should be thinking about with Comcast this year? 
David Watson: Ben, Dave. So let me start with segmentation and a little bit more context on NOW. So stepping back, our segmentation strategy is really key. It starts with the beginning point always for us is premium and traditional broadband customers. We've focused there and invested in terms of better network, better products around providing a better service for the premium segment. 
 We have consistently competed for all segments. And as we break it down, we've focused where we think the main point is where broadband is going. And broadband is going is the engagement. And so our focus is to continue to deliver multi-gig symmetrical and build towards that point. And do this for a variety of Internet options. And the proof is in the footing in terms of segmentation in that 70% of our HSD-only customers receive speeds of 500 megabits per second or higher and 1/3 of our customers -- resi customers receive gig plus. So it never has been one-size-fits-all. 
 [ There is ] start there and the focus of premium. But there is currently a lot of activity at the low end of the market. And we've not been as competitive in this space. We've had great products and several options, but we -- in the prepaid area, in particular, we believe there is an opportunity to improve our effectiveness there. 
 And so thus NOW. And NOW, there are 3 components of NOW. One is prepaid broadband, which, by the way we've had prepaid broadband for some time. We've just approved upon the value proposition there. So it's a NEW prepaid broadband update. And second, we have prepaid NOW mobile, which is new and then we feel that it's positioned for an alternative to fixed wireless and just a lot of activity there. The focus there is there are no credit checks. It's easy. 
 It's no contract and on an everyday price point. So not a lot of movement in terms of just a competitive value-based price point. At the time we're doing NOW, obviously, it's a good alternative to ACP and where that goes. So early to talk about any progress but we're real pleased with the positioning of the NOW product for the income-constrained segment of the market. We've had NOW TV for some time and traction there. So it's a stand-alone product suite. I feel very good about that. 
 On ARPU, this is a strength that we've had. We've been balancing ARPU growth, along with share volume for a very long time. So we feel good about this quarter, came in very strong at 4.2% and a bit above the historical 3% to 4% range. It's a very competitive marketplace, to say the least, and we're just striking the right balance, we think, in volume and rate. And our approach is reasonable rate increase. The teams have managed this well leading to rate yield results that exceeded our expectations a bit. 
 But also it goes back to the first point. We're segmenting the marketplace and tailoring product approaches that meet each specific segment. So it starts with the high end that I've talked about and very focused there and the results that I've talked about. So that's the starting point. But when you look at our long-standing approach to pricing and packaging, we're going to compete for every segment. And it's really focused, though, where the market is going and making sure that in the long run as the overall usage goes up. 
 And to me, that is the main point. You have double-digit increases in terms of overall broadband consumption. You have lots of customers, a lot of interest in our high end of our portfolio and strength in a ubiquitous, reliable, great network that can stand up for every segment, but power through every application that is there. So I think for us, pleased with ARPU. And I think we can muscle through this ACP thing and feel good about the guidance that we've been giving at 3% to 4% historical range. 
Brian Roberts: This is Brian. I just want to just underscore that last point that Dave was making. As you look with a longer lens, which I -- hopefully, the company tries to do, there's -- and we -- just even yesterday, we're looking at our technology road map internally and seeing some demonstrations of innovation. It's inspiring and exciting to think about what broadband will actually help you do in the next 5, 10 years as a consumer and as a business. And it's kind of in some levels, unimaginable. A lot of discussion about AI but so much happening in the entertainment sector, sports sector and also in the health care sector, and then things we're not even talking about. 
 And so our strategy is pretty simple. But having NOW, this NOW strategy to help consumers with are super easy-on, it's all there in a prepaid market. But the main strategy has always been to have the superior product in the market with fantastic service and constant innovation and do it in a capital way where our investment is consistent and within the guidelines that we've previously talked about. 
 All that's happening, and we're making great inroads on that. And if I had to pick one number this quarter that excites me, it was a double-digit growth of bits per home, which is showing that usage for whatever it is, gaming, multi streams, whatever. And then the actual high definition becoming even higher definition over time with the quality of the picture. So hopefully, all that's useful, and we're pretty pleased with how the team is executing. Jason? 
Jason Armstrong: Yes. Great. Thanks. So just to round that out, Ben, just you think your question specifically on ARPU and how do you go through the ACP cycle and have confidence in ARPU growth. I think all these points are relevant and valid. Number one, we continue to see usage grow at a rapid rate. So the value that the consumer is getting is higher. That's a tailwind in general for ARPU growth. I think number two is segmentation that Dave's talked about. We see a lot of competition in a certain segment of our base, the value-conscious segment of our base. The segmentation allows you to keep that from seeping into other segments of the base. And the team has done a nice job executing there. 
 Final thing I'd point out is as we said, ACP customers have got about 1.4 million in our base that we'll need to manage through. This is very similar, though, to -- if you think about how this business is wired, Dave and his team, it's promotional roll-offs. This is something we're dealing with every single quarter, how do you navigate a base of customers that's on promotion and roll them into new rate plans and keep them as customers? So this is very much what the Cable business is wired to do. 
 On buyback spend, I would go back and over the last few years. We've had a very consistent capital allocation strategy starting with reinvesting in our business, layered into protecting the balance sheet. We really like our current credit rating and have committed to metrics that are associated with the credit rating as you've seen. And as you point out, very strong free cash flow last year and expectation for similar this year. As you mentioned, allows for substantial share repurchase activity. So since we restarted the buyback in 2021, we bought back over 15% of our share count. If you look at the last year, we bought back over 6% of our share count. So both very strong metrics. 
 I would point out the tail end of last year, we were pretty clear in the third quarter that we were going to accelerate the buyback, anticipating minimum floor Hulu proceeds, which came in at the very end of last year. And that's in advance of more full proceeds for full value this year, but we did get a minimum floor payment last year and hence, accelerated the buyback in 3Q and 4Q to $3.5 billion. 
Michael Cavanagh: And Ben, I'll just come in on the back of the question about any changes in how we think about capital allocation. I think Jason and team are carrying on a phenomenal tradition. I've been here now close to 10 years. And I think the idea of taking our well-generated capital across our businesses, and first and foremost, investing them back in the business with a very long-term view of what the future can be, where there's expected return. Whether that's the Parks business, whether that's the broadband network, whether that's streaming, whether it's just broad innovation. 
 I think it's in our DNA at this place to try to figure out ways to invest wisely for the future, while at the same time, maintaining a very strong balance sheet and we like the way the balance sheet is set up. When you go through these long  arcs of change across industries with disruption, it allows you to sleep better at night knowing the strength of balance sheet we have and allows us to continue making those earlier investments. And then so to do those 2 things together with the very substantial interest on the part of the management team and the facts that we've done it to just get lots of capital return to shareholders. Not many companies are inclined to manage those 3 priorities as much as we are. And I can commit that that's where our head is as we look forward to the next 10 years ahead. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. 
Craig Moffett: Two questions about broadband, if I could. First, you talked about how your broadband business -- or sorry, your wireless business is helping broadband churn. I wonder if you could just talk a little bit more about that. How you -- first, can you put some numbers around the churn reduction that you see when a customer bundles broadband and wireless together? 
 But more importantly, how do you think about wireless? Is it a stand-alone business to you? Or is it really in service of broadband churn? And then I wonder if you could -- maybe I was just -- I missed it. But Jason, I think you mentioned the margins for this domestic Cable-only business. But I think I may have missed the number. I wonder if you could just repeat that for us. 
David Watson: Craig, Dave. Let me start with wireless and then hand it over to Jason and folks. But let me -- wireless is an absolute integral part of our overall strategy. And specifically to your question, we've always thought the main value for us, wireless is connected with broadband. And that it adds -- it surrounds broadband with value. I think we don't give specifics on exactly the churn benefits, but we do see it. And whether it's acquisition-oriented, connected to broadband; whether it's base management upgrading; whether it's retention, wireless plays a role in all of them. 
 So it's a key growth opportunity. But it's also -- it's a product where our marginal economics are strong. So it's good to have that, but it's -- the way we go to market, it's connected to broadband and it's connected to packaging. So it's performing well. We like our consistency in the marketplace and love the fact that we have a good runway ahead only about 11% penetrated, now 7 million lines. And so I really like the opportunity in front of us. And for us, we've constantly been evolving our approach towards wireless and how we connect it with broadband and how we use it. 
 So we have, for example, new pricing plans. Our new mobile plants that are really targeting multiline customers excited about that. The new mobile product and segmentation. We've already talked about that in the prepaid area. And for that segment, we've had a Buy 1, Get 1 program for the base. So almost every single segment. And then just announced, the WiFi boost for our mobile customers being able to open up the public. The WiFis, hotspots and open it up as fast as devices can go and leveraging WiFi complement to mobile. So I think we've demonstrated that we're in this business, we love this business, and it's -- but it is definitely the core part of our strategy is how it impacts broadband over the long run. Jason? 
Jason Armstrong: Craig, so on margins, we said overall connectivity and platforms margins were up 50 basis points and said domestic was an even greater increase. The domestic was up 70 basis year-over-year, sort of continuing the formula of a mix shift in our business to higher-margin businesses. Our connectivity businesses are growing faster than our nongrowth video businesses. So that's a margin favorable trade-off for us as we said historically and then operating efficiencies in the business. I think we gave a stat last call that I'd reiterate, we've taken 50% of our truck rolls out of the system in the last 6 years. We've taken 40% of customer interactions out of the system in the last 6 years. So lot of good progress on expense efficiency. But Craig, the domestic margin's up 70 basis points. 
Operator: Next question is coming from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America Securities. 
Jessica Reif Cohen: I have a question on NBCU and also on Comcast Cable. On the Theme Parks, which is clearly one of your growth pillars, can you give us the investment levels you expect over the next 5 years? Obviously, Epic will be in there, so it will be a little elevated. But you have other new parks and you're also investing in the existing parks. And how different is the return on invested capital for Theme Parks versus your other businesses? And then one more on NBCU, are there other areas that NBCU should or you're thinking about investing in like video games? 
 And then on Cable, on Comcast Cable. Just a question on your programming expense or programming contracts. Presumably, you have MSMs, I think you've always had them. How should we think about the impact on Comcast Cable programming expenses as some major programming contracts come up with other distributors? 
Michael Cavanagh: Jessica, it's Mike. So on parks, as we've said, this is a year in 2024, where CapEx in parks and at NBCUniversal overall will sustain at the level it was in '23. So it remain elevated. In '25, when we open Epic, it will begin to step down. And then after that, it will return to a more normal level with adjustments for the Hollywood Hard Nights and the Kids park in Frisco, Texas that we've talked about. But those, as we've said, are not of the same size and scale as a large park like Epic but we do have a bigger footprint of parks than we did, say, 5 years ago. 
 So you're right, part of the part of the capital equation for parks is to continue to invest in new attractions within existing parks. So again, once we get to '26, you'll see us easing into a new steady state that does include continued experimentation with some of our alternative concepts. And then certainly, we hope over the longer term to come up with some ideas for bigger deployments of capital, but that's what we have in our plans as we sit here right now. But we love the business. 
 And to the question of returns, we think the returns are very strong. We take a careful look at that every time we're greenlighting a new park. And I think we like the stability of the long-term nature of the return. It's us and one other great company that are world leaders in that level of park experience. The response to our parks has been phenomenal coming out of COVID. And so we see that being a place, live entertainment at the level we're talking about, being just a strong pillar of the media and entertainment side of the company for a long time ahead. 
 And then in terms of other areas. I think the success that we've had across parks and experiences are -- lead us to plenty of opportunities to think about gaming and other areas around live entertainment that go around and cross between our businesses. So we experiment with things and we look, and it's our job to see if there are great opportunities to do that, but nothing to report today. 
David Watson: Jessica, Dave. Just so on your question on renewals and our point of view. Yes, look, from our view, there's not a single approach towards -- we handle it on a case-by-case basis. When you step back for a second though, we evaluate each one in 3 primary areas. One, the overall cost relative to the content, flexibility that's required in a very fast-changing environment and the overall consumer value. And so -- and we're going to look at this significant transition that has been going on. We'll continue to go on between linear and streaming. And so that is something that we think we can play a unique role in, in terms of win-win opportunities between the content providers and distribution. 
 And for us, we have a unique platform that is positioned well to be able to do -- handle everything that video can handle, linear channels, on-demand, DVR and streaming. We've been doing streaming packaging on the platform for some period of time. So we can build bridges as these things come up. And -- but our goal consistently has been to find win-win opportunities as we examine each and every specific renewal, but that's how we'll evaluate each one. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from John Hodulik from UBS. 
John Hodulik: Two, if I could, maybe first for Jason. Just finishing up on ACP. Given the strong start you guys had to the year and the strong ARPU, do you guys think that you can keep domestic cable EBITDA flat to up for the year even with ACP going away? That's first. 
 And then maybe for Dave, the wireless companies are definitely talking at sort of bigger game on fixed wireless in the business market. I know you guys had some sort of strong comments in the prepared remarks about the business market. But are you starting to see some increasing competition leak in at the low end because of fixed wireless? 
Jason Armstrong: Yes, John, let me hit domestic or Cable EBITDA, C&P EBITDA over the course of the year. So I think as you mentioned, it's competitive market. We've got ACP coming our way. At the same time, the balance, I think about broadband specifically. The balance between rate and volume we've seen, obviously, a little bit of pressure on volume. But 4.2% ARPU growth in the quarter, an outlook for -- we continue to stay at 3% or 4% during the year. So we still think there's tailwinds for broadband revenue growth. We had 3.9% this quarter. 
 We're growing business Services, we're growing Wireless, and we're offsetting video and other revenue declines. But at the total level, that's a margin accretive mix shift. I'd go back to what I've said before on some of the expense initiatives across the company and being very disciplined, taking volumes out of the system and that's providing a tailwind as well. So without giving specific guidance for EBITDA growth, I would give you the components and our confidence in them. 
David Watson: John, Dave. So just a follow-on to Jason's point in terms of ACP. Remember, I think a really important point. We've been segmenting the marketplace, and I think we've had the industry-leading platform in terms of Internet Essentials for a very long time so a decade-plus. So we are familiar with the segmentation in this area and we're very familiar in terms of promo roles and bigger moments like this. So I -- because of that, in particular, the ARPU point that's connected to it is we feel pretty good about the historical range of 3% to 4%. So -- but we've had a long-standing approach towards this. 
 On your question around business services, there's no question, John, that we -- the SMB market has become a bit more competitive and fixed wireless is a part of that. So they are -- you've seen it in the results. We now have 3 fixed wireless competitors that are in it. When you have that much all at once, there's some impact. So we're seeing it in SMB. It's unique to SMB. But our game plan consistently has been to focus on both the share and the overall -- the rate and we have a great slate of products. We have multiple segments within Business Services, mid-market and enterprise that offset a lot of this and great product road maps that have. 
 But really important point as you feel competitive pressure, I think it's important to keep in mind, uniquely to SMB that reliability and ubiquity of our products and business services is really key here. For businesses, they get 24/7. They're always on. It has to work. I think over time, we will continue to press that point and have -- we're not going to chase things down to zero in terms of discounting. We're going to offer better products and surround those products with features that make sense for business customers. But we will make sure that customers know the reliability and ubiquity of what we do is unique and different than fixed wireless. 
Brian Roberts: And just -- Brian. One -- just again, just as we talked about in the residential market, the long-term opportunity where we're only just getting started is that large enterprise and medium-sized business. And as you think about cybersecurity and other data reliability and just consumption behavior of businesses and think of your own businesses and where that might lead to the use of new tools and video and everything else, you want to have the best network. And once again, we have a really exciting team and road map on that front. So again, we're battling the reality in one segment with great opportunity in others and long-term love our situation. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. 
Steven Cahall: Maybe first just on broadband trends. I think you've been pursuing a line extension strategy for, at least, 18 months and that will continue. So is it correct to assume that your gross adds on broadband are starting to pick up just as you add more passings in the market? And if that's true, can you give us any color on within the deactivations where they're headed? I think you've always said that you view fiber as the bigger competitive threat. And so does that kind of help us understand what's going on between gross adds and net adds? 
 And then separately on Peacock. You talked about retaining subs between some of your big marquee sporting events and you've got a lot of great film on Peacock as well. I'm wondering what your tolerance is for original content and original content spend and how we think about originals on Peacock maybe, vis-a-vis, a long-term breakeven goal. 
David Watson: Steven, this is Dave. Let me start with footprint and then go to competition views. So let me -- in terms of overall footprint expansion, the vast majority of our new passings each quarter are fill-ins within our existing footprint. The balance of the growth is mostly from our organic edge-outs into adjacent areas. And so with some government subsidized builds representing a much smaller, albeit increasing portion. So it's really the kind of 3 different components of it that we're looking at. 
 And so it's still early and -- but we are very disciplined. We evaluate the risk adjusted returns of each -- one of these network builds on a case-by-case basis. And generally, though the edge outs as that will increase, they're adjacent, sometimes located in between geographic markets that we currently serve. So looking ahead, we expect these edge out projects to continue to contribute to the future growth in our total passings. And we don't give -- to your question, the specific numbers on this. 
 I could tell you that we're going to reach very healthy penetration levels in a few years on these edge out projects. So the ramp-ups happen pretty quickly, and we're pleased with the returns though. So pretty disciplined process. We look on the returns. And then as you shift towards the competition, the environment, let me back up and just its overall -- it's a very intense competitive environment that is very consistent the last several years. 
 And so it's picked up a bit. And when you have, again, 3 fixed wireless competitors coming in pretty much at the same time and you have the fiber level, about half of our footprint now has fiber competition of some form and it's an intense competitive environment. But we have adjusted. We've been going up against fiber competition now for over 15 years. And it is -- we've made adjustments. We've done, I think, very well in going toe-to-toe for the -- exactly as Brian laided out, that our long-term game plan is to focus on a better network, ubiquitous network, better products. 
 Surround it with the full portfolio of better products and not chase units just for the sake of it. And we've had moments going up against fiber where they've gone way down market. They've become rational. We've had different cycles. And so I think we've made adjustments and we have proven that we more than hold our own in that footprint. What we're seeing now is kind of an intense -- more intense competitive focus around the lower end of the market. 
 And that's why we're segmenting. That's why we're doing what we're doing, never losing sight though. That we're going to have a better product than anybody in the marketplace. The better network and backing it up with better devices, that can eventually -- as we get to multi-gig symmetrical. And that's the key. Every single application ubiquitously delivered, that's our focus. So it's a tough competitive environment but I think we have a unique differentiated approach. 
Michael Cavanagh: And so on Peacock. I mean we're very pleased as we split -- both Jason and I said earlier, with a quarter where we ended at 33.5 million subs, 3.5 years in. We are at a place now where we really are seeing traction in our approach to providing a service for consumers that is a combination of both entertainment and sports and how those 2 go together. 
 Very much a reflection, as we said from the beginning, of our -- a mirror image of what we see as our strengths at NBCUniversal itself. And so when you look at this quarter in particular, you end up with a start with a Wild Card game that brought in a tremendous number of subs ahead of where we expected it to be. And then retention, that was ahead of where we expected it to be. And so that's obviously great and the power of sports to bring audiences together and will stay committed because of our strength in sports. 
 But when you really reflect on what then happened in the weeks that followed our viewing was the record highs across all parts of our non-sports portfolio. And in fact in the quarter, we launched our biggest original, Ted, to the greatest success of any of the originals we've ever launched. And Traitors 2, our reality series on Peacock, both of those were in the Nielsen Top 10 streaming in the earlier part of the year. 
 So I think we see the 2 -- the parts of the portfolio interplaying well with each other. And obviously, the strength of our movie studio, which we talked about earlier with Oppenheimer and Holdovers and now coming up in future quarters, Kung Fu Panda 4. That is another great source of strength into our portfolio. So I think you can expect to see us having a very broad approach to it' sports, it' originals, it' next-day airing of NBC content, it's our library, and it's our Pay-1 movies. All those things going into a service that we think is one of the best values in streaming and a very distinct place over time in the streaming marketplace for consumers. 
 And when you look ahead from where we started the year, we are now in continue to focus hard on retaining the growth in subs we had. Second quarter will be a little lighter in terms of the cadence of our content. But when you look to the middle of the year, we've got Olympics. Right after that, we've got the return of NFL, Big Ten and our exclusive NFL game in So Paulo, Brazil, along with the tremendous movie slate: Fall Guy, Twisters, Despicable Me 4, in addition to Kung Fu Panda 4. 
 And so we feel great about what we're doing and the progress we're making, and it's very consistent with the way we've described Peacock as taking advantage of what makes us great at NBCUniversal to begin with, and taking our existing strengths and assets into a digital future. So that's -- and it's one of our 6 big growth drivers, so glad to get a chance to comment on it. 
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Steve. Operator, we have time for one last question. 
Operator: Our final question today is coming from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street. 
Jonathan Chaplin: One for Dave and one for Jason. Dave, taking a step back from the sort of the increased competitive intensity you're seeing in the broadband market, I would love your perspectives on how the overall market is trending. As we tally up all the ads from the quarter, it looks like we're sort of trending to somewhere around half of what we normally see for the industry in the first quarter. Everybody's adds are down. And I'm wondering if you've got any thoughts as to what might be driving that? 
 And then, Jason, on the segmentation strategy. You hit the low end of the market with some offers last year and then pulled back because you're worried about cannibalization. I'm wondering how the NOW -- you've sort of structured NOW differently so you don't end up seeing that cannibalization impact. 
David Watson: Jonathan, Dave. Let me start with the broadband in its entirety, the whole market and a viewpoint. So let me begin with the broadband market as a whole is still growing, maybe at a slower pace than it was last year and the year before, but there's still going to be a pretty healthy amount of net adds in 2024 and likely beyond. The right way, though, in addition to that, I think you got it. Everything we've talked about before, the right way we think to look about it is it's holding our own, growing relationships responsibly, but it's also where the market is going and how broadband is being used. 
 And that -- as we've talked about the utility of the broadband product itself is only going up. So when you look at the health of the entire category, it's the relationships, but it's also the overall usage and consumption. And for us, you can see usage is up double digits. Broadband-only subs using over 700 gigabytes of data a month. Over 70% of our subscriber base is on speed tiers of 50 megs or more, nearly 1/3 of our customers are on 1 gig. Those are great trends for us over the long term and gives us the great confidence as we're investing, continuing to invest in a better network and a better customer experience, as Brian has said. 
 So when you look at things, I think it's clearly competitive as we've talked about. One other factor that enters into it, in some cases, in certain segments. There are some people that revert back to mobile-only, that can happen. So there's a variety of factors that could enter into it. But overall, as a category and a growth opportunity, quite optimistic about broadband. 
Jason Armstrong: Jonathan, let me start on segmentation and Dave probably wants to chime in as well. So on NOW, I think what's interesting and exciting about it is it's a dedicated sort of flanker brand strategy. We've had prepaid offers in the past sort of wedged into our existing portfolio. This is a more dedicated and branded strategy around it. 
 By the way, the branding around this has worked very well in our U.K. market for Sky. It's actually where the brand name came from. And so we expect this to have some resonance. I would point out the -- if you look at where it's sort of targeted, we've got 100 meg offer for $30. It's inclusive of taxes, fees and equipment. We've got a $45 offering that's 200 megs and inclusive as well, very competitive versus fixed wireless, right? That is in this range, maybe slightly higher without the same reliability and ubiquity that we have. 
David Watson: Yes. Just adding on to that, Jonathan. But again, we've been doing prepaid broadband for a while, years. And it's just we needed to refresh it, needed to update it and put it in a more competitive position. The prepaid mobile is new, and NOW TV is relatively new. But it's a segmented approach. And if you think about -- it's all in pricing, it's very simple. It's really easy. 
 There's no contracts, no credit checks, customers can sign up, pause, cancel online, anytime. It's a very straightforward -- but feature-light product as we keep our focus on the high end in terms of fully featured things. We'll continue to do that. But this just gives us a brand, gives us a product suite to be able to clearly and define segmentation in a way that we can manage through. 
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jonathan, and we want to thank everyone on the call for joining us this morning. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the question-and-answer session and today's conference call. A replay of the call will be available starting at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time today on Comcast Investor Relations website. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Comcast fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you Operator, and welcome everyone. Joining us on todays call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Jason Armstrong, and Dave Watson. I will now refer you to Slide 2 of the presentation accompanying this call, which can also be found on our Investor Relations website and which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer. This conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedule issued earlier this morning for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, Ill turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks Marci, and good morning everyone. Were less than a month into the new year and 2024 is already off to a great start. Two weeks ago, our entire company came together to make history, shattering records with the first exclusively streamed NFL Wildcard Game on Peacock. Nearly 23 million viewers watched the Kansas City Chiefs take on the Miami Dolphins, consuming 30% of all internet traffic in the U.S. and setting a new record in total U.S. internet traffic for any night. Our investment in the network and our technology platforms built over decades enabled us to shine, delivering a seamless experience on the internet and Peacock, demonstrating that our company is in an excellent position to win in this era of high bandwidth consumption. Also, Universal Pictures Oppenheimer picked up five Golden Globe awards, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Supporting Actor, and Best Original Score.  With 2024 off to a terrific start, lets look back at 2023, where we produced consistently strong financial results and continued to execute against our long term strategy. Weve positioned our company to benefit from a significant number of scaled and diversified growth opportunities that are margin accretive, namely residential broadband, mobile, business services, theme parks, studios, and Peacock. In aggregate, our revenue in these businesses grew 8% in 2023 and comprised 55% of our total revenue for the year. Our healthy cash flow generation and strong balance sheet have enabled the organic investment that fuels these businesses and at the same time fund substantial capital return, including significant share repurchases. All of this has translated into excellent financial performance. For the third consecutive year, we generated the highest revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS in our companys history.  Now lets go deeper on some of the important achievements during the year. Im really proud of the progress weve made in our connectivity businesses. We maintained a strong trajectory in Xfinity Mobile, increasing our subscriber lines by 24% and total domestic wireless revenue by nearly 20%. We also performed well in our business services segment, which grew full year revenue and EBITDA by nearly 5% with margins approaching 60%, and we exceeded our goal of adding over 1 million new homes and businesses passed and expect to do at or above this level in 2024. Our domestic broadband business remains strong. We kept our very large and healthy base of subscribers flat while growing residential ARPU 3.9%, the high end of our historical range, driving solid EBITDA growth in connectivity and platforms and expanding margins to around 40% on an underlying basis. We achieved all of this despite an intensely competitive environment, and as I look back on 2023, I am confident that our strategy combined with excellent execution sets us up extremely well to navigate the road ahead. While the competitive environment is likely to remain at these levels for a period of time, broadband is still a very large, healthy and profitable market, and the consumption trends that were seeing are encouraging for the future. Customers are connecting more devices in their homes and are using them for applications that require more capacity, faster speeds and lower latency. Our fiber-deep and capital efficient network is more than ready to meet this demand with 100,000 miles of fiber and a clear path to offering multi-gigabit symmetrical speeds ubiquitously across our entire footprint with DOCSIS 4.0.  Id like to spend a minute briefly addressing the governments affordable connectivity program. First, its important to note that weve built on our decade-long history in digital equity to effectively participate in ACP and have successfully leveraged the national verifier program in the process. While we hope that the White House and Congress renew this funding and keep these important resources available to the many people and households who have relied upon this program to stay digitally connected, we have already begun to communicate with ACP participants and will provide a range of options, including our highly successful internet essentials program, in the event that funding is discontinued. Shifting to content and experiences, we have positioned ourselves to drive long term profitable growth. Over the span of decades, weve built a remarkable portfolio of iconic content and strong franchises in both film and television, including live sports, news and entertainment. Our market-leading businesses have tremendous reach and continue to perform and execute collaboratively, playing to our strengths by leveraging our IP and our incredible partners. Lets start with our studio group, where we hit a major milestone ranking as the number one studio in film by worldwide box office with hits such as Super Mario Bros., Oppenheimer, Fast 10, and Five Nights at Freddys. We are proud to work alongside our creative partners like Christopher Nolan, Chris Meledandri, and Jason Blum, who are innovative industry leaders to develop content that continues to delight audiences. And Im really excited about another fantastic film slate in 2024 with the latest installment of Kung Fu Panda in March, along with Despicable Me and Twisters in July, and Wicked slated for November, which will also benefit Peacock as these films and many others enter the Pay-1 window.  At the same time, our media segment continues to deliver, reaching over 100 million households every quarter with leading sports, news and entertainment. We have the number one most watched news organization in the U.S. and Sunday Night Football is pacing to be the most watched prime time show for an unprecedented 13th consecutive year. Peacock continued to be the fastest growing streamer in the U.S., a result of our holistic business model which leverages all of our brands to serve a broad range of viewers by providing them with options to match their evolving habits. In the short period of time since we launched in 2020, weve seen strong momentum, ending the year at 31 million paid subscribers at a $10 ARPU, supported by healthy trends in both engagement and churn, and Im excited for 2024. We started with the successful Wild Card Game, which will soon be followed by Oppenheimer coming exclusively to Peacock and a full slate of both new and returning originals such as Ted, Peacocks most watched original title, additional Pay-1 movies, and the Summer Olympics later this year. These next Olympic Games promise to be nothing short of spectacular with the return of fans, this time to Paris, one of the most beautiful cities in the world. With the NBC Broadcast Network airing more content than ever before and Peacock as the streaming home for all games, NBC Universal will be the most comprehensive Olympic destination in U.S. media history with Xfinity once again playing a huge role in delivering each game on our entertainment OS platform, which is now also available to charter customers through Xumo.  At parks, we achieved record-high revenue and EBITDA in 2023 and have exciting new attractions and experiences in the years ahead. Well open Donkey Kong, another Nintendo-themed land next year in Osaka, which will expand Super Nintendo World by another 70%. We expect continuation of the strong trends in Hollywood also driven by Super Nintendo World, and well see the completion of Epic Universe, our fourth gate in Orlando, prior to its grand opening in 2025. In summary, we are very pleased with all that we have achieved in 2023. We have incredible teams in each of our businesses and have executed against our plan exceptionally well, delivering very strong EBITDA, EPS and free cash flow. Going forward, our highest priority is to continue our strong operational performance enabled by the investments we are making in our six key growth areas, fueling their growth and further improving the profile of our business mix. The strength and stability of our company, including our balance sheet, enables us to make these investments while also providing our shareholders with substantial capital returns. Since we started buying back stock in late May of 2021, we have repurchased approximately 15% of our total shares outstanding, and with todays announcement we have now increased our annualized dividend by 150% since I joined the company in 2015. Putting it all together, our strategy is working and we see many years ahead that this formula will continue to deliver for our company and shareholders.  Jason, over to you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks Mike, and good morning everyone. Ill begin on Slides 4 and 5 with our consolidated results. Total revenue increased 2% to $31.3 billion for the fourth quarter and was consistent at $121.6 billion for the full year. On a reported basis, EBITDA was consistent at $8 billion for the fourth quarter and up 3% to $37.6 billion for the full year. Our EBITDA results include severance and other in this quarter, as well as in last years fourth quarter. Excluding these items totaling $527 million this quarter and $638 million in last years quarter, adjusted EBITDA decreased 1% in the fourth quarter and remained at 3% growth for the full year. Adjusted EPS was up 2% to $0.84 a share for the fourth quarter and increased 9% to $3.98 for the full year.  We generated $1.7 billion of free cash flow for the quarter and $13 billion for the full year, which translates into $3.13 in free cash flow per share, which was up 10% year-over-year, and we returned over 100% of this to shareholders, with $4.7 billion of capital returned to shareholders in the quarter and $15.8 billion for the full year. Our strong level of free cash flow includes the significant investments were making to support and grow our business in six broad and diversified growth categories, including residential broadband, wireless, and business services connectivity, along with theme parks, streaming and premium content at our studios. Taken together, these growth areas generated more than half of our total company revenue and grew at a high single digit rate during the quarter and for the full year. Now lets turn to our business results, starting on Slide 6 with connectivity and platforms. As a reminder, our largest foreign exchange exposure is to the British pound, which was up nearly 6% year-over-year. As usual, in order to highlight the underlying performance of the connectivity and platforms business, I will refer to year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis. Revenue for total connectivity and platforms was flat at $20.4 billion. Unpacking that, revenue in our core connectivity business - domestic broadband, domestic wireless, international connectivity, and business services connectivity, increased 7% to $11 billion, while video, advertising and other revenue declined 8% to $9 billion. Our strategy is to invest to drive growth in our core connectivity businesses while at the same time carefully managing businesses that are important, but face secular headwinds. On balance, this is a favorable mix shift for the profitability of our overall connectivity and platform segment, as reflected in our results. EBITDA for total connectivity and platforms increased 3% with EBITDA margins improving 130 basis points year-over-year. This includes severance and other of $422 million in the quarter and $456 million of charges in last years fourth quarter. Excluding these items in both periods, EBITDA increased 2% to $8 billion and EBITDA margins improved by 110 basis points.  Margins for our domestic legacy cable business improved 70 basis points to 46.2%. In terms of how our underlying performance in connectivity and platforms breaks out between residential and business, on the same basis excluding severance and other from both periods, residential EBITDA grew 2% with margins improving 120 basis points, and business services EBITDA increased 5% with margins nearly unchanged at an impressive 57%.  Now lets get further into the details, starting with our connectivity growth drivers. Residential connectivity revenue grew 7% driven by 4% growth in domestic broadband, 15% growth in domestic wireless and 19% growth in international connectivity, while business services connectivity revenue grew 6%. Domestic broadband was once again driven by very strong ARPU growth of 3.9% for the quarter and for the year, landing at the high end of our historical 3% to 4% range while our base of 32 million broadband subscribers remained stable over the past year, including the 34,000 subscriber loss this quarter. We remain focused on competing aggressively but in a financially balanced way, as evidenced by this quarter and past years results. With the broadband marketplace remaining extremely competitive, we will continue to manage this balance and expect ARPU growth will remain strong within our historical range and continue to be the driver of our residential broadband revenue growth in 2024. While we do not expect subscriber trends to improve in the coming quarters, we do expect them to improve over time. At the macro level, customers are consuming more, connecting more devices in their homes, and are using them for applications that collectively require either faster speeds, lower latency, and higher reliability over time. These secular trends are all moving in our favor, and we believe our marginal cost to add capacity to our network is unrivalled. This is why we are investing in our fiber-fed network to further increase capacity and offer multi-gig symmetrical speeds ubiquitously across our footprint and ensure that we stay way ahead of consumer demand with the best broadband offering and experience. We have deployed mid-splits to about 35% of our footprint and expect that to reach around 50% by the end of 2024. On the back of this, we launched our first DOCSIS 4.0 market during the fourth quarter and will continue to launch additional markets this year. We are focused on what we can control - that means segmenting our customer base by offering our customers the right price, including value options at different speed tiers and driving ARPU ahead in an environment where broadband subscriber growth remains challenged, and were doing this in the context of aggressive network upgrades and expansion, putting us in a great position to eventually return to subscriber growth. Speaking of network expansion, we exceeded our goal of passing 1 million new homes and businesses in 2023, landing at nearly 1.1 million, and we plan to replicate this in 2024 with this level, or potentially even greater footprint expansion.  Switching to wireless, we hit a great milestone, eclipsing $1 billion in quarterly revenue for the first time this quarter. With the year-over-year increase due to higher service revenue driven by continued strong momentum in customer lines, which were up 1.3 million or 24% year-over-year to 6.5 million in total. This includes 310,000 lines we just added in the quarter. Weve had a healthy run rate generating around 300,000 net additional lines per quarter for the last two years, and were consistently in the market testing new offers and will continue to do that throughout the coming year, with the goal that some of these offers will translate into accelerated line additions as the year progresses. With only 11% penetration of our domestic residential broadband customer accounts, we still have a big opportunity and a long runway ahead for growth in wireless.  International connectivity revenue increased 19% driven by steady mid-teens growth in broadband along with strong growth in wireless, which had healthy growth in both device sales and service revenue. Finally, business services connectivity revenue increased 6% driven by consistent growth in our small business category as we grew ARPU through rate and higher penetration of additional products like Security Edge, and from strong growth in midmarket and enterprise. The revenue growth in our connectivity businesses was offset by declines in video, advertising, and other revenue. The video revenue decline was driven by continued customer losses. The lower other revenue reflects similar dynamics in wire line voice, and advertising was impacted by a tough comparison to last year, which benefited from higher political revenue in our domestic markets.  As I mentioned earlier, excluding severance and other, connectivity and platforms total EBITDA increased 2% with adjusted margin of 110 basis points. To unpack this improvement, the main driver is the mix shift to our high margin connectivity businesses, a transition youve seen for the last few years and that we expect to continue. In addition to the mix shift, we are benefiting from ongoing cost discipline. For every quarter this year, including the fourth quarter, five out of six categories of expenses we report have decreased. The only category that grew is direct product costs, which are success-based and directly associated with the significant growth in our connectivity businesses.  In addition, we continue to get more efficient with better tools and technology. Compared to 2017, we reduced our domestic truck rolls by nearly 50% and customer interactions are down nearly 40%, even while we increased our domestic relationships by nearly 5 million over this same time period. The investment we are making in our network, including virtualization and using technology to enhance the customer experience, not only makes us more competitive, it makes us more cost efficient. Together, the mix shift, the cost discipline and the technology advances weve made in customer service are all structural, and we expect them to continue, positioning us to drive higher profitability and further margin expansion in 2024 and for the foreseeable future. Now lets turn to content and experiences on Slide 7. Revenue increased 6% to $11.5 billion and EBITDA increased 2% to $923 million. Excluding severance at $101 million this quarter and $186 million in last years fourth quarter, adjusted EBITDA decreased 6%, reflecting a decrease in media partially offset by strong growth at studios and record results at parks. Now lets take a closer look at content and experiences, starting with media. Media revenue increased 3% driven by strong growth at Peacock, which was up 57% and, similar to wireless, crossed the $1 billion in quarterly revenue mark for the first time. Domestic distribution increased 9% driven by Peacock subscription revenue growth of 88% fueled by the continuation of solid growth in our paid subscriber base. We ended the quarter with 31 million Peacock paid subscribers, up 10 million over the past year, including 3 million net additions in the quarter driven by sports, including the NFL and the Big 10, and movies, notably the day and date movie, Five Nights at Freddys, and a variety of originals and other entertainment programming.  International networks revenue, which is mainly distribution revenue for Sky Sports, increased 17% primarily due to the increase in sports content this year as well as the positive impact of foreign currency translation. Finally, domestic advertising declined 7% due to a tough comparison to last year, which included a significant incremental contribution in advertising from Telemundos broadcast of the FIFA World Cup. Excluding the World Cup, advertising increased nearly 3% driven by strong Peacock advertising and from our strong sports line-up. Peacock advertising increased 50%, again excluding the World Cup, and hit an all-time high.  Media EBITDA decreased 50% mainly due to higher sports costs, reflecting a full quarter of a contractual rate increase in our NFL programming, the addition of Big 10 to our sports programming line-up this year, and higher Premier League costs compared to last year when games were paused for four weeks to accommodate the timing of the World Cup. At Peacock, EBITDA losses continued to moderate in the fourth quarter with nice year-over-year improvement resulting in full year losses for Peacock of $2.7 billion, which was slightly better than the expectation we had previously communicated. 2023 marked the peak in annual losses at Peacock, and for 2024 we expect to show meaningful improvement in losses versus 2023. Turning to studios, revenue increased 4% driven by theatrical revenue growth of 59% due to our performance at the box office this quarter with Five Nights at Freddys, Trolls Band Together, The Exorcist, and Migration. In fact, Five Nights at Freddys was the highest grossing horror film of 2023 and also set a record on Peacock as the most watched title of all time in the first five days of its release. In addition to the films this quarter, we benefited from prior period titles moving through profitable licensing windows, driving EBITDA growth of 83% to $308 million. At theme parks, revenue increased 12% and EBITDA also increased 12% to $872 million for the quarter. These strong results were again driven by growth at our international parks, especially as Osaka continues to benefit from strong demand from Super Nintendo World driving higher attendance and per-cap spending relative to both last year and pre-pandemic levels. In Hollywood, we also continued to benefit from the positive consumer reaction to Super Nintendo World, which opened earlier in 2023, driving strong attendance and growth in per-caps and resulting in Hollywoods best fourth quarter EBITDA in its history. In Orlando, our results were also strong with attendance in line with 2019 pre-pandemic levels and revenue substantially ahead. Now Ill wrap up with free cash flow and capital allocation on Slide 8. As I mentioned previously, we generated $1.7 billion in free cash flow this quarter and $13 billion for the year, and we achieved this while absorbing meaningful capital investments to expand our footprint and further strengthen our domestic broadband network, scale our streaming business, and support the continued build of our Epic Universe park ahead of its 2025 opening. As a result, total capital spending increased 13% for the year driven by higher capex. At connectivity and platforms, capex increased 1.5% for the full year, with capex intensity coming in at 10.1% primarily driven by investments to further strengthen and extend our network. In 2024, we expect capex intensity to be in the same range as we continue to transition our U.S. network to DOCSIS 4.0 and accelerate our growth in homes passed.  Ill just note that while our capex intensity at connectivity and platforms has been around 10% for the past few years, this is not a specific internal target for us, rather its an output. Our teams are going as fast as possible; however, if for example we have an opportunity to accelerate further our growth in homes passed at accretive economics, then wed welcome that opportunity. But right now, the envelope has been right around 10% and were very happy with the pace that we are on and the progress were making. Content and experiences capex increased by $1.2 billion for the full year, driven by parks with Epic accounting for the majority of the increase in spend. In 2024, we expect parks capex to remain elevated and then decrease in 2025 when we open Epic. Working capital was $2 billion for the year, which was better than we expected, improving a billion over last years level. Our 2023 results included benefits from the pause in production during the work stoppages associated with the writers and actors strikes during the year.  Turning to return of capital on our balance sheet, for the full year we returned a total of $15.8 billion to shareholders - this includes share repurchases of $11 billion, including $3.5 billion in the fourth quarter. In addition, dividend payments totaled $4.8 billion. As we announced this morning, we are raising our dividend by $0.08 a share to $1.24 per share - thats our 16th consecutive annual increase. We ended the year with net leverage of 2.3 times, in line with our target leverage of around 2.4 times, and we expect to remain at this target level in 2024.  Wrapping up, we had a very solid quarter and a great year, and were focused on continuing to execute our long term growth strategy supported by our balanced and disciplined approach to capital allocation. Im proud of the steady and consistent framework which guides our decision-making. Were going to invest aggressively for organic growth across our six key areas. Well protect our balance sheet and cash flow position and return capital to shareholders. Now Ill turn it over to Brian for a few remarks before we turn to Q&A.
Brian Roberts: Thanks Jason, and good morning everyone. Id like to just emphasize a couple of points. As I think about the year, its hard not to be really proud of what weve accomplished. 2023 was the best financial year in our 60-year history, and we already have nice momentum in 2024. As Mike and Jason just outlined, we have a unique company that is incredibly well positioned. We always try to think about and invest for the long term, particularly across the six key growth drivers.  Whats also important is that in 2023 alone, we returned $16 billion in capital to our shareholders. As you just heard, its the 16th straight year that we just raised our dividend - thats consistency. When you put this all together, we have a great team - thats always most important to me, and were making the right adjustments to our businesses to position us to win, grow, and continue to return capital to shareholders. While there may be speculation on what we could do next, Id like you to hear it directly from me: I love the company we have, so the bar continues to be even higher for us to do anything other than the plan you heard today.  I want to thank all our employees for a great 2023 as they continue to execute at the highest level. With that, let me hand it over to Marci to take all your questions.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks Brian. Operator, lets open the call for Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator instructions] Our first question is coming from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks, good morning. Brian, thanks for those clear comments. I wanted to ask you guys about broadband and separately about Peacock. I guess Jason, you talked about and Mike talked about sort of the consumer trends that you think play to your strengths, but you guys are doing a lot at the network level, including in 24 you talked about your converged offers that youre testing maybe getting more aggressive. I know youre not going to put a timeline on it, but can you talk a little bit about the opportunity to re-accelerate broadband customer trends, because the product you are bringing to the marketplace is seemingly getting better even this year, and I realize youre talking long term, but I just wanted to hear more from you on the things youre doing and the business and product today, and how that may or may not translate into better trends on the customer front over the course of the next 12 to 24 months.  Then on Peacock, I guess maybe for Mike, how much more investment does this business need? I think you guys had talked a while ago about getting to $5 billion of programming investment. If you look at the fourth quarter anyway, youre basically there now, youve got good revenue momentum. Im trying to think about the path to getting this business to breakeven, so Id love to hear what you think the business needs in terms of incremental investment from here. Thanks a lot.
Dave Watson: Hey Ben, this is Dave. Let me start with broadband and then hand it over to Mike and Jason. On broadband, as Mike and Jason said, the environment pretty much remains the same - you know, there is still the macro activity, moves are down, but to your point, it is intensely competitive, especially the difference that has been there in this particular competitive cycle, its especially in the lower income segment, so the result of it is the main driver, customer activity, continues to be lower connects as churn remains near record lows, and despite this, were striking, I think, the right balance between customer growth and ARPU. We kept our sub base relatively flat, grew ARPU 3.9% for the quarter and the year, and so were also growing C&P but expanding margins. Competitive cycles like this one, weve been through many, and what makes--you know, what happens during some of these cycles, there is new footprint, the competitive footprint, some unique discounting occurs. I think fiber is a pretty good example of one that we went through years ago and continue to have. There is pressure on net adds as you go through the initial phase of the cycle, but we evolved our approach and we have and continue to compete very well against fiber. I think this cycle is headlined by fixed wireless and really the emphasis on more of the lower income segment. They added new footprint, theres some ARPU pressure, but we have and continue to adapt. The key for us through this cycle is continue to build better products, from the network to the Wi-Fi experience, and the network investments that were making are very consistent and weve laid it out - mid-splits, were pleased with our progress, were finishing 23 33% upgraded, well be around 50% by year-end 24, and weve started to deploy 4.0 and our path towards symmetrical service offerings, so this is all due to where we believe strongly the market is going.  The market is going to have more devices that will be used and be hung on the network, and there will be more usage and engagement, so for the long run, we want to be in position to compete as things shift. Were going to compete in a segmented way for every segment, and well be aggressive in each one; but we dont expect subscriber trends to improve over the coming quarters but we do expect to grow over time. We will compete aggressively and be in position when the macro environment shifts, and as we see with fixed wireless, theres an opportunity and will be an opportunity to get more win backs. We want to be in position for that as well. Throughout it all, were going to protect the healthy base of 32 million broadband customers, managing rate and volume throughout.
Mike Cavanagh: Hey, its Mike, Ben. Thanks for the question on Peacock. Ill expand a little bit on the question but get to it in terms of where we see programming going in the end. Ive got to say, we couldnt be prouder of what we accomplished with Peacock in 2023. To end the year with paying subs at 31 million, up 50% year-over-year, and thats only three years in, were achieving a level of scale with paying subs thats about 60% of the level of the streamers that have been out there for many years domestically, ex-Netflix. Were holding a very strong ARPU at $10 per sub, so while its not the scale we ultimately plan to get to, Ive got to say the team has done a fantastic job when lots questioned, could we even get this far. From here, its really a matter of continuing to execute against the strategy thats gotten us here, and that is expected, as we said earlier, to drive improvement in Peacocks bottom line from the peak losses that we saw in 2023. When you really think about what that strategy is, its to manage Peacock and our linear TV businesses as one. The strategy really is to leverage the great relevant content properties we have, both at NBC which is news and sports and entertainment, obviously Bravo and some of the other assets we have in the cable business, and Universal with the Pay-1 window, so when you put it all together, continuing to execute against that. Were going to look to get more scale, and the things were doing are both to drive more scale, more subs, but also get more engagement with the subs we have and drive improvements in churn, which weve been pretty pleased with.  To ultimately your question, where are we relative to--you know, leveling off a little bit of the growth rate of programming spend as we get to this level is clearly part of the improvement in Peacock losses standalone, that will be a factor as we see continued strong growth on the revenue side, given the higher level of subs and the expectation for continuing to add. But again, I would just say Im less focused on what standalone Peacock losses are doing than I am on doing whats right for the long term, for the totality of the media business, which is linear and streaming. I think weve navigated a very good path for us, so really pleased with what weve done.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you very much.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks Ben. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Craig Moffet from Moffet Nathanson. You line is now live. 
Craig Moffett: Hi, thank you. I wonder if you could do an early post mortem on the Chiefs-Dolphins playoff game, what kind of subscription growth it drove at Peacock and what kind of early churn impact youve had on that. I know there was some chatter that you guys tried to play down about whether that amount of traffic load on the internet would have some impact on fixed wireless, but Im wondering if you just have any observations about how other platforms handled the kind of the volume that that game drove in terms of traffic.
Mike Cavanagh: Sure Craig, its Mike. Ill start, and Dave can chime in, if he likes. As we said earlier, we couldnt be more pleased with the way we performed in the Wild Card Game. It was the biggest live stream event in U.S. history, which is no small feat to have performed so seamlessly, which really highlights what weve done in Daves business on the broadband side and the technology platforms that we have built and have talked about repeatedly, that are supporting Peacock, Sky and our Xfinity products, and now Xumo, so I think weve built tremendous advantage and are always looking for ways to--were very happy to see the impact on our broadband usage, regardless of what it means for other ways of getting the platform across. We couldnt be happier that it worked well and performed really well with that many concurrent streams. But in terms of adding subs, we would expect to see--were not going to comment on it today, but we would expect to see an increase in paid subs. Were focused now on retention of the subs that came in right around the game. Whats important is both the subs that came in during the game and the engagement of the people that were already don the platform, so engagement and retention is really going to be focused on whats coming next, and we teased a lot of that, including Oppenheimer coming to the platform on February 16. We have the Summer Olympics coming, and now that were post strikes, youll see a number of Peacock originals and additional movies from the Pay-1 window that weve got with Universal. But really, when I think about it, at the scale weve gotten to, whats important is to keep people engaged with the platform and all the content thats there, not the Wild Card Game unto itself, so the job always is to get more people in the door and get everybody thats already in the door re-engaged with the platform around that game, and then try to continue to drive engagement afterwards. Im happy to report that weve seen record levels of hours viewed in the days that have followed the Wild Card Game itself, including launching Ted, our new comedy series. Thats been the most watched original series for Peacock in its first seven days yet on the platform, which speaks to the benefit of getting that much engagement at the moment we were launching that, and likewise the second season of the reality show, Traitors, premiered right afterwards, and its also the biggest original reality season launch for us through its first four days on the platform. I think thats the way I look at the total picture there. Brian, I think you want to chime in?
Brian Roberts: I just want to say that we thank the NFL for having the confidence in picking our total company to carry this out. The entire industry cooperated and participated, and it was a very proud moment for, I think, the U.S. internet industry. It worked flawlessly, and I think its just another proof point of all the investments that have been made. Thank you again, well see how the results all turn out, but were really, really pleased.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks Craig. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America Securities. Your line is now live.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. Mike, I have a two-parter. As Brian just said, you have a unique mix of assets, so can you talk a little bit about your longer term video strategy from all sides of the company, from both cable and NBC-U, meaning do you have any plans to take Peacock global, your recent Paramount affiliate renewal deal kind of seems like status quo? Then as a separate question, you kind of touched a little bit on Epic. Its only one year away. Can you give us some color on size and scope and how differentiated the offering will be? Thank you. 
Mike Cavanagh: Hey Jessica, thanks. On Peacock in particular, lets take video in a couple of pieces. On our streaming ambitions, clearly we view it, and weve talked about it for a long time, we want our existing media assets to have a strong future in a world where consumer behavior is taking people more to streaming, because thats the way they want to experience it, so our strength, obviously in video distribution from the NBC side, has been U.S. focused, and I think we are focused--very focused on getting domestic scale. What weve done internationally and what we might do one day is a separate story, but for now, we have been focused on making sure through partnerships, JVs, whether its Sky Showtime, whether its Peacock-type content that makes its way onto Sky platforms, weve got a venture partner in MultiChoice in Africa, so were looking for ways and a rational approach economically to scale up Peacock domestically while not giving up too much in terms of economics that a lot of people talk about as having global scale. We want to win here first and get to the place we need to go, and thats really where were most focused. In terms of whats happening on the domestic side through video distribution, I think we continue to be a big player in the space with our own content from NBC, but also I think the best partner given the scale of our reach in broadband for both traditional linear, but at the same time streaming partners. Weve seen a lot of progress and a lot of collaboration with players and partners that want to reach the kind of customer base we have with our broadband customer base, the natural point of engagement with them, aggregating content and acquiring new content if they dont have it through Xumo, X1 and the platform that Dave and team have built. I think were really well positioned to play a part in that as well. 
Dave Watson: And Jessica, this is Dave. I just would add, when you think about the overall video approach, its linear, streaming, on-demand, still DVR. Its all of them that I think we are in a unique position to be able to tie together. Back to the Wild Card Game, its an example of great broadband being able to handle it, and at the same time whats really important in video is the experience matters. The experience getting connected to the overall network performance is so critical, finding what you want easily and simply and being able to engage.  The platforms that weve built over time, starting with X1, now Xumo, very important to us in the long run.
Brian Roberts: One thing I would add - its Brian - on Epic, just to touch on that part of the question. Its completely original. It maybe the most exciting project, Ive seen since we bought NBC-Universal getting built. I think its the first new entire theme park in decades in the U.S., and were so excited, were taking the board of directors to see the construction in the next couple of weeks, which is something we havent ever done before. So, I think youll all want to be there. Sometime, I think 23 and 24, are the peak CapEx years for the construction. We expect to open in 25, and I give Mark Woodbury and the entire team at Universal incredible kudos to coordinate something of this scale and magnitude thats being built.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks Jessica. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question is coming from John Hodulik from UBS. Your line is now live.
John Hodulik: Great, thanks. Two questions, if I could.  First on the ACP commentary, I think you guys had to contact ACP subscribers this year. Any way you could quantify the size of the base, or maybe the financial impact, and should we see anything this quarter? Or is it really something, if it doesnt get renewed, that we could really expect for, say, second quarter? Then over on the media side, it looks like you guys saw some real ad strength, so just any commentary on what youre seeing in the ad market? It looks like if you sort of look at core advertising, it was actually up this year, and Im wondering if thats just strength in NFL and maybe Big 10, or just what some of the underlying factors are there would be great. Thanks.
Dave Watson: Hey John, its Dave. Let me start with ACP. To specifically answer your question, we have 1.4 million customers that have benefited from this program which we obtained through the national verifier program, so feel good about the credentials of these customers. Most of these customers in this customer base were already our customers prior to the ACP program. Weve been very consistent on this. We want the program to continue, but I think were very well positioned to support these customers if it does not. We have a good business and model in place and a history with knowing how to segment our customer base and have products and packages at a variety of price points to serve our customers well, including well over for a decade and that would include internet essentials. Well evaluate this as it plays out. It may be a risk, but one we feel is very manageable for us, given how we work with this program and how we manage our customer base in general.
Mike Cavanagh: John, its Mike. On the advertising side, Id say that the ad market, we have seen it remain stable, and were definitely pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter. When you exclude 2022 World Cup and normalize for that, we did grow ad revenue even with the difficult comparison to last years political quarter.  We are seeing a few encouraging signs, like stabilization across most categories, CPG and retail too that improved in particular. Were not seeing any pressure, any real pressure on cancellations from last years up-fronts, which is good, and scatter premiums are pretty healthy, double digit increases is what weve seen recently.  But I would say that its too early to say that theres a sustainable rebound going on. Too much remains uncertain on the macro side and were heading into a period, for us at least, that has less sports programming in the early part of the year. But regardless of the full year ahead, whether the environment macro-wise gets better from here or it doesnt, we feel like were well positioned with our must-see tent poles, which include obviously the Olympics coming up, the elections, and then going back to your earlier point of now being much more scaled at Peacock, were seeing nice progress on the capacity and inventory that we have there. So those are the dynamics I think were seeing in advertising.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks John. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street Research. Your line is now live.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks. Two for Jason. You mentioned that if you saw opportunities to expand your footprint with good economics, youd do it in a heartbeat. Are you referring to the opportunity in BEAD, and is that something that you expect could potentially hit later this year, or is that more of a 2025 impact? Then on repurchases, we saw the reauthorization of $15 billion. Youre going at a pace of $3.5 billion a quarter at the moment. Should we expect that to continue through 2024?
Jason Armstrong: Yes, thanks Jonathan. Let me take them in reverse order and then potentially tag team with Dave, if he wants to, on the footprint side. Buybacks, youre right - we reauthorized or re-upped this morning for $15 billion. Never meant to be guidance when we do this, but nonetheless healthy reauthorization. Saying that, I think the formula thats been in place for very strong capital returns continues to be in place, so I think were comfortably within our leverage range, as I stated, which is right around 2.4 times, continue to generate very strong free cash flow, and if you look at the recent history since mid-21, since we started buying back or restarted the buyback program, weve bought back 15% of our stock in that time frame, so very good metric there, so more capital returns to continue, feel very strong about the trajectory into 2024. I think on the footprint side, weve been very clear that, to the extent--you know, first and foremost as we talk about capital intensity in Daves world, right around 10%, its been there for the last couple years. The expectation is that it will be there again in 2024, but weve also been very clear, thats not necessarily a constraint on the business. To the extent we can move faster, well do that, and wed like to. I think as you look at the past couple years on homes passed, we did 850,000 homes passed in 2022, we were able to accelerate that in 2023 up to 1.1 million, and we gave guidance this morning for 1.1 million or slightly higher next year, so we think we can further accelerate that. Most of that in terms of the guide for 2024 is self-funded, but we have been making our way into the ARPA program and had some success there. To the extent were successful with BEAD, and I think we certainly expect to be, that would be more 2025 and beyond.
Dave Watson: This is Dave. I would only add that when you do these programs, and we have started and we are aggressively pursuing opportunities, as Jason said, at this stage mostly self-funded, but we are working with local governments on programs like ARPA and others. We are going for opportunities where it makes sense. The great part, and a little bit what Brian mentioned right from the get go, theres just been terrific execution as we scaled operationally, getting ready for this, so the 1.1 million that we did this past year, looking to do that or more into 24, we are on it and this is a real opportunity for us. Having said that, the nature of these projects, it takes a while to build them up and then driving penetration, and I would look for more of the benefit in 25. BEAD, we plan to participate where it is consistent with our business goals, but the process, quite frankly, with BEAD is still in flux.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks Jonathan. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Certainly. Our next question is coming from Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
Steven Cahall: Thanks. Maybe first, I was wondering if you could expand on your Xfinity Mobile plans for 2024. One of your peers has been more promotional. I think thats something youve kept an eye on, and we saw you get a bit more promotional last year with the iPhone deal. You also talked about broadband ARPU being the biggest driver of broadband revenue, and I know that can suffer on a GAAP basis if you do lean into mobile, so Id love to just hear more about how youre thinking about the broadband and mobile strategies coming together. Then Jason, just the severance that you took in the quarter, the lions share fell at connectivity and platforms. How should we think about the benefits to opex in 2024? You said five out of the six buckets decreased last year, so maybe you can give us a bit of a view of what non-programming opex looks like for connectivity and platforms this year. Thank you.
Dave Watson: Steven, this is Dave. Let me start with wireless. I think weve been consistent on this one, too - the wireless is one of the key long term growth drivers for us, and pointed out in the six that the team has talked about. It is absolutely a great companion to broadband. It has good standalone economics and a great runway ahead for penetration mobile to the broadband base. You know, its performing well - our domestic revenue was up over 15, we have over 6 million lines, including the 310,000 that we added in the quarter, and were only at 11% penetration, as Jason said, to the broadband base, so a lot of runway ahead. It is absolutely a key part of all our go-to-market activity, whether its acquisition, case management, upgrade activity to the base, as you noted, Steven. We have been very focused on upgrade activity and retention, so our results have been consistent right around 300,000 new lines per quarter - pretty healthy run rate for a considerable period of time.  Having said that, I think we can improve on these results. We are consistently in the market trying new offers, both in terms of broadband and mobile together, and we segment the opportunity, so we do have unique opportunities that we evaluate. We continue to be hopeful that some of these offers will accelerate our line additions over time and as the year progresses. We have a great road map in terms of innovation and offers between Wi-Fi and mobile, and we want to leverage both and continue to build a better product and service. Our mobile service, our core service offering delivers better value day in and day out. We really like, though, our capital-light approach with the MVNO, and I think were in a great position to win in convergence, so I think we have a leg up on the competition with this capital-light strategy that doesnt have to involve customer and/or network trade-offs. Well continue to be opportunistic in evaluating progress, but I think theres upside.
Jason Armstrong: Steven, let me just round that out quickly, because part of the question seemed like, are we governing wireless at all as it relates to broadband ARPU growth and GAAP realization of broadband ARPU growth. The two are not connected. We will do whats right for the business, first and foremost. To the extent were finding ways to accelerate wireless, I think well have opportunity to do that and not be held back by what it means for broadband ARPU, although we do see, and just to reiterate, broadband ARPU growth in both the fourth quarter and for the full year, 3.9%, high end of our historical range of 3% to 4%, and we guided to the coming year to still be in that range of 3% to 4%, so consistent and strong ARPU growth. On the severance question, as we step back, were focused on investing capital and resources in our key growth areas, so weve identified six key growth areas where investments in opex are being directed while managing carefully businesses that are important to us, but face secular headwinds. I think you saw that in the fourth quarter with severance actions - we took these actions to get ahead and position ourselves for continued transitions in these businesses in 2024 and beyond.  I would point out--you know, you mentioned connectivity and platforms specifically - thats where the bigger severance charges were. Youre right - five out of six categories of expense were down year-over-year in 2023. These types of actions in transitioning our business and managing the expense base are a big part of that, and if you look at margin expansion, which weve seen for a long period of time in the C&P business and gave an outlook that we expect to continue that, this is all part of that, taking action to sort of get ahead of these transitions. I will point of what we also said in the prepared remarks, if you look back in the last six years, weve taken 50% of our truck rolls out of the system, so truck rolls versus 2017 are down 50%, so cut in half, and transactional volumes, if you will, or interactions are down 40%, so pretty significant expense opportunities relative to that, that we see continuing as well. 
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks Steve. Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from Sebastiano Petti from JP Morgan. Your line is now live. 
Sebastiano Petti: Hi, thank you for the question. Just wanted to see if you could provide additional color on perhaps the content and experiences segment capex expectations as we look beyond Epic. I think Jason, you did say in 25, capital intensity in content and experiences should tick down as the Epic build finishes, but as we think about your plans for regional parks in the U.S., headlines about a U.K. park construction perhaps over the next several years as well, any color on how we should be thinking about is there a parks capex holiday before a reacceleration? Then just a housekeeping question on Peacock - obviously very strong net adds inside of 2023. Mike, you did say that you do expect sub growth beyond that to kind of continue, but could you perhaps quantify what the benefit of the conversion from Comcast bundle subs from free to paid was within the year and as were kind of thinking about organic or underlying growth that will benefit from the NFL playoff game, Oppenheimer, and some of the other stuff you listed? Thank you. 
Mike Cavanagh: Sure, hey Sebastiano. On parks, its as Jason said - we are going to remain at the elevated level around Epic with the two expansion parks, Hollywood Horror Nights and the Universal Kids in Frisco, Texas underway at this stage, so well remain elevated in 2024 and then as we come to completion of Epic in 2025, rolling into 2025, well ease off from there.  I think the easing off is--I wouldnt necessarily call it a holiday, so much as much like we talked about adding additional passings in cable, if we see these projects pencil out for good return, wed be excited in the years that follow, I cant predict when, to continue to give the parks and experiences business whatever capital it requires. But right now with the visibility we have for whats in the pipeline, what Jason described as the trajectory is the right trajectory. Then on Peacock, I think we did a good job converting our Comcast free subs to paid subs, and they are now rolling into--after a few months at a lower price, are rolling into the full price, so I think we did a great job across the company on executing that.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks Sebastiano. That concludes our call. We appreciate all of you joining us this morning.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the question and answer session and todays conference call. A replay of the call will be available starting at 11:30 am eastern time today on Comcasts Investor Relations website.  Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, operator. And welcome, everyone. Joining me on today's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Jason Armstrong, and Dave Watson.  I will now refer you to slide 2 of the presentation accompanying this call which can also be found on our Investor Relations website and which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer. This conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedule issued earlier this morning for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Cavanagh: Good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining our third quarter earnings call. It was another strong quarter for us, with adjusted EBITDA up 5% and adjusted EPS up 13%. We generated $4 billion in free cash flow, which, combined with our expectation of Hulu proceeds in the near future, contributed to a pick-up in our share repurchases to $3.5 billion in the quarter. Our steady performance has been a direct result of how we've always run our company, which is with a focus on industry-leading performance, both operationally and financially, in each of our businesses, combined with a long-term, customer-centric approach to decision-making that ensures each business is positioned to win in the future. This has all been facilitated by a philosophy of investment in our businesses that has remained consistent through different economic and credit cycles, and particularly through the recent global pandemic. Now, I'd like to highlight four areas in the quarter that show how this strategy is playing out before handing it over to Jason to review this quarter's results in full. The first area I'd like to highlight is residential domestic connectivity, where we are very pleased with our performance and strategy as we navigate a highly competitive broadband marketplace.  The customer experience provided by our broadband network, which has ubiquitously available gig speeds today and is on a path to ubiquitous multi-gigabit symmetrical speeds, combined with our wireless offering through our MVNO with Verizon and our own network of over 20 million Wi-Fi hotspots, enables us to provide world-class connectivity both in and out of the home to all of our customers everywhere in the most cost effective and capital efficient manner versus our competition. Our broadband network and product leadership continue to drive strong residential revenue growth, which was up nearly 4% this quarter, fueled by very strong ARPU growth of 3.9%. We're confident in our ability to drive continued ARPU growth because of our focus on constantly improving the product experience through investment and innovation, thus delivering more value to our customers. Having a truly excellent Internet experience as reflected in speed, reliability, coverage, security, and latency is constantly increasing in importance to all households as a result of the consumer experiences it enables.  One of the biggest catalysts for recent growth in data usage is the accelerating transition of sports viewership to streaming platforms. The switch of a single Thursday night NFL game to streaming moved peak data usage on our broadband network from Sunday night to Thursday night, and that game comprises roughly 25% of all Internet traffic on Thursday nights. Every internet service provider, fixed wireless in particular, will really be put to the test as this transition of sports to streaming continues, especially come January, when for the first time ever, an NFL playoff game will be aired exclusively on a streaming platform which will be our very own Peacock. The second item I'll highlight is Peacock, which added 4 million paying subscribers during the quarter, saw greater than 60% revenue growth versus a year ago, and had the first year-over-year improvement in EBITDA since our launch in 2020.  While we report standalone Peacock metrics given the significance of this initiative, we manage it as part of the broader NBCU media segment which includes the broadcast and cable networks to best leverage the advantages we bring to the streaming landscape. We continue to be pleased with our progress in the few short years since we've pivoted our streaming strategy as a result of the ownership changes at Hulu. Looking ahead, we are sticking to our plans and still expect 2023 to be the peak year of EBITDA losses for Peacock, though we are now expecting 2023 Peacock losses to come in around $2.8 billion versus our original $3 billion loss outlook. And for 2024, we expect to show meaningful EBITDA improvement over 2023. The third area to highlight is our parks business, which generated a record high level of EBITDA, surpassing the previous record that we'd just set in second quarter. The reaction to Nintendo and Hollywood in Japan continues to be fantastic, and we are very excited about bringing the experience to Florida soon.  I was just in Orlando with the parks leadership team last week, reviewing our plans for the new Halloween Horror experience in Las Vegas and kids theme park in Frisco, Texas. I also spent a few hours on a site tour of the Epic Universe park, which is deep in construction and is simply breathtaking.  So thanks to the momentum of our third quarter results and what we have in the pipeline, I could not be more excited about our parks business. The final area to highlight is our studios business, which is having a great year with three of the top five box office hits for the year so far in Super Mario Bros., Fast X, and now Oppenheimer, which grossed more than $900 million in worldwide box office in the third quarter and became the highest grossing biopic of all time. This is a continuation of our solid track record where, since 2020, we've had at least two of the top five movies in worldwide box office. We believe that success in this business is not formulaic. It's a craft rooted in creativity and originality. We've long focused on assembling a team of the most innovative filmmakers, Chris Nolan, Chris Meledandri, Steven Spielberg, Jason Blum, and Jordan Peele, to name a few, which positions us very well for the future in the studios business. More broadly, it is our consistent investment approach through past business cycles and the pandemic that is the reason for much of the success we're experiencing today. We remain steadfast in supporting our businesses, even those that were hit hard during that time period.  For example, in studios, we never stopped believing that people want to experience great films in theaters, and that conviction enabled us to attract new partners like Chris Nolan who made a masterpiece in Oppenheimer.  Similarly, while our parks business was closed or at limited capacity, we continued to invest heavily in our existing parks, including the VelociCoaster in Orlando, Secret Life of Pets in Hollywood, and the Nintendo Lands I had mentioned earlier in Los Angeles and Osaka, and we will be bringing Epic Universe to life in 2025. Our strong investment-grade balance sheet enabled these investments and puts us in strong and enviable position today.  Now the business world must deal with pressures of much higher interest rates, which I believe will asymmetrically advantage us, given our low leverage and the long duration of our debt.  Since the end of 2018, we have refinanced over $40 billion or nearly 40% of our debt obligations, reduced net debt from $108 billion to $88 billion today, lowered net leverage by a full turn from 3.3 times to 2.3 times, increased the average life of our debt by more than four years to 17 years, while reducing the weighted average cost of our debt to 3.6% from 3.8%. Today, 97% of our debt is at fixed rates compared to just 82% at the end of 2018. We accomplished this while at the same time returning $45 billion to shareholders, including $24 billion via share repurchases and $21 billion in dividends. To sum up, we're in a great place, especially given how the competitive dynamics in our industry might evolve in this higher-for-longer interest rate environment. I expect that our focus on building businesses that are market leaders for the long term through strong execution, investment, and innovation will keep us in one of the strongest positions to perform for our customers, employees, and shareholders.  Jason, over to you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Mike. And good morning, everyone. I'll take you through our strong third quarter and we'll begin with our consolidated financials on slide 4. Revenue increased 1% to $30.1 billion, while adjusted EBITDA grew 5% to $10 billion. Our results were driven by six key growth areas we have highlighted this year: our connectivity businesses, including residential broadband, wireless, and business services connectivity; our theme parks; streaming and premium content; and our studios. Together, these growth areas generated more than half of our total company revenue in the quarter and grew at a high-single digit rate over the past 12 months. The growth in these areas, which on the whole are margin accretive, coupled with disciplined cost management drove our EBITDA growth and contributed to our adjusted earnings per share increasing 13% to $1.08.  Last, we generated $4 billion of free cash flow, while returning $4.7 billion of capital to shareholders in the quarter. Now let's turn to our individual business results, starting on slide 5 with Connectivity & Platforms. As a reminder, our largest foreign exchange exposure is the British pound, which was up nearly 8% year-over-year. So in order to highlight the underlying performance of the business, I will refer to year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis. Revenue for total Connectivity & Platforms was flat at $20.3 billion. Our core connectivity businesses  domestic broadband, domestic wireless, international connectivity, and business services connectivity  increased 7% to $11 billion in revenue, while video, advertising, and other revenue declined 6% to $10 billion in revenue.  We're focused on investing in and driving growth in high margin businesses, while protecting profitability in businesses with secular headwinds through disciplined cost management. And it's working, underscored by the 100 basis points of margin expansion for Connectivity & Platforms in the third quarter, while margins for our domestic legacy cable business improved 160 basis points to 46.6%. Getting more into the details, residential connectivity revenue was up 7.5%, reflecting 4% growth in domestic broadband, 16% growth in domestic wireless, and 25% growth in international connectivity. Business services connectivity revenue was up 5%.  Domestic broadband revenue growth continued to be driven by very strong ARPU, which grew 3.9%. Our commitment to network leadership and delivering it ubiquitously across our footprint enables customers to do more on our network. They're using more data and connecting more devices at faster speeds, which provides them with increasing value and underpins our ability to drive ARPU higher this year and beyond. At the same time, our residential broadband base remained stable, both on a year-over-year and sequential basis, with voluntary churn at record low levels for the third quarter. While back-to-school was a tailwind as expected, the broadband market remains highly competitive, particularly at the lower end.  During the quarter, we recalibrated by pulling back on some of our promotional offers targeting this segment to remain consistent with our strategy of competing aggressively, but in a financially disciplined way. This means striking what we believe to be the appropriate balance between broadband subscriber growth and ARPU growth. And as we continue to manage this balance, we expect ARPU growth to remain strong and our primary driver of broadband revenue growth with somewhat higher subscribers losses expected the fourth quarter compared to the 18,000 loss we just reported in the third quarter. We expect subscriber trends to improve over time as we remain focused on network and product leadership and also as we see the benefits of greater footprint expansion. We've grown our homes and businesses passed by 1.5% year-over-year to 62 million and we're on of pace to meet or exceed our goal of 1 million new homes and businesses passed for 2023. This is a material step-up from 2022, and we should accelerate this again in 2024. Domestic wireless revenue increased due to higher service revenue, driven by strong momentum in customer lines which were up 1.3 million or 27% year-over-year to over 6 million in total. This includes 294,000 lines we just added in the quarter. We continue to test some new converged offers, which along with the new iPhone launch should translate into accelerated line additions in the fourth quarter. With still only about 10% penetration of our domestic residential broadband customer accounts, we have a big opportunity and long runway ahead for growth in wireless. International connectivity revenue increased 25% to another record high, driven by steady mid-teens growth in broadband with the remainder driven by wireless, reflecting healthy growth in services and a particularly strong quarter of device sales. The 5% growth in business services connectivity revenue reflects stronger growth in enterprise and mid-market.  The strong revenue growth in our connectivity businesses was offset by declines in video, advertising, and other revenue. Video revenue decline was driven by continued customer losses. The lower other revenue reflects similar dynamics in wireline voice, and advertising was impacted by lower political revenue in our domestic markets, which in the fourth quarter will face an even more challenging comparison to last year. Connectivity & Platforms total EBITDA increased 3% to $8.2 billion, with adjusted margin up 100 basis points, again, driven by the mix shift to our high margin connectivity businesses, coupled with expense management.  Continuing the trends seen in the first half of the year, every line item of expense improved year-over-year except for direct product costs. These are success based and tied to the growth in our connectivity businesses. In terms of the breakout in our Connectivity & Platforms EBITDA results, residential EBITDA grew 2.4%, with margin improving 110 basis points to reach 38.4%, driven by our favorable mix shift. While business EBITDA increased 3.6%, EBITDA margin declined 60 basis points to 57.5%, reflecting investments we're making in sales capacity to drive growth in the mid-market and enterprise segments. Now let's turn to Content & Experiences on slide 6. Content & Experiences revenue increased 1% to $10.6 billion and EBITDA increased 10% to $2 billion, driven by record results at parks as well as an improvement in year-over-year Peacock EBITDA losses.  Looking at the results of each segment. I'll start with media, which combines our TV networks and Peacock, given we manage this as one portfolio. Revenue was slightly higher as strong growth in Peacock offset the challenging performance at our linear networks. Unpacking that further, domestic advertising declined 8%, reflecting softness in the linear market, partially offset by growth at Peacock, which increased nearly 40%. Domestic distribution increased 4%, driven by Peacock subscription revenue growth of nearly 90% as we continue to grow our paid subscriber base. We ended the quarter with 28 million Peacock paid subscribers compared to 16 million a year ago, with 4 million net additions in the quarter. This result was driven by continued success in converting free Comcast bundled subscribers to a paid relationship as well as organic growth driven by programming, including the start of the NFL season and having the Big Ten for the first time as well as Super Mario Bros. landing exclusively on Peacock in our Pay-One window. Media expenses were slightly lower, reflecting effective cost management in our linear networks and the timing of Premier League costs, partially offset by higher Peacock expenses. This resulted in a 6.5% increase in media EBITDA, with consistent EBITDA at our TV networks and improved year-over-year Peacock losses for the first time. As Mike noted, we believe Peacock's financial performance will continue to improve and now expect full year 2023 losses will come in at around $2.8 billion, better than our previous outlook of $3 billion. However, keep in mind that, in the fourth quarter, we expect our overall media EBITDA results to be impacted by higher sports costs, reflecting a full quarter of the contractual rate increase in our NFL programming, the addition of Big Ten to our sports programming lineup, and higher Premier League costs compared to last year when games were paused for four weeks to accommodate the timing of the World Cup. Turning to studios, Oppenheimer had a strong theatrical performance, delivering over $900 million at the box office. This success, coupled with the positive benefits from carryover titles from our strong film slate this year, resulted in EBITDA of $429 million. While this is a tough comparison to last year's third quarter, which was driven by the strong performance of both Minions: The Rise of Gru and Jurassic World: Dominion, it still ranks as one of the highest EBITDA quarters in the history of studios. At theme parks, revenue increased 17% and EBITDA increased 20% to $983 million, our highest level of EBITDA on record. Our international parks continued to experience nice rebounds post-COVID.  Leading this growths was Osaka, which benefited from strong demand from Super Nintendo World, and our park in Beijing achieved another EBITDA record, driven by increases in attendance and per capita spending.  In Hollywood, the positive consumer reaction to Super Nintendo World, which we opened earlier this year, drove strong attendance and per cap growth, helping Hollywood to deliver its best quarterly EBITDA in its history. In Orlando, our results were also strong, with attendance relatively in line with 2019 pre-pandemic levels and revenue substantially ahead.  I'll now wrap up with free cash flow and capital allocation on slide 7. As I mentioned previously, we generated $4 billion in free cash flow this quarter and achieved this while absorbing meaningful investments, concentrated in our domestic broadband network, footprint expansion, streaming, and theme parks.  Total capital spending increased 16%, driven by higher CapEx, which remains within the envelope of the guidance we gave at the beginning of this year, including Connectivity & Platforms CapEx intensity to remain at around 10% and parks CapEx to increase by around $1.2 billion for the full year compared to 2022. At Connectivity & Platforms, CapEx in the quarter decreased slightly to $2.1 billion, with CapEx intensity coming in at 10.3%. The year-over-year decline was due to lower spending in customer premise equipment and support capital, which more than offset the investments we are making to accelerate our growth in homes passed as well as to transition our US network to DOCSIS 4.0. Content & Experiences' CapEx increased by $270 million, driven by parks, with Epic accounting for the majority of this quarter's increase in spend.  Working capital was fairly neutral in the quarter and improved by nearly $1 billion year-over-year, with more than half of this improvement reflecting the pause in production during the work stoppages associated with the writers and actors strikes. We expect this benefit in working capital to reverse as we ramp up to our normal levels of production in the coming quarters. Turning to return of capital and our balance sheet, we repurchased $3.5 billion worth of our shares in the quarter, a step-up in our quarterly run rate relative to the first half of the year. In addition, dividend payments totaled $1.2 billion in the quarter for a total return of capital in the third quarter of $4.7 billion. We ended the quarter with net leverage of 2.3 times, in line with our target leverage.  With that, let me turn it over to Marci for Q&A.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jason. Operator, let's open the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: Two questions for the team on the cable business or connectivity business. Jason, as you mentioned, expenses continue to be a nice tailwind for growth. I think investors are focused on your ability to sustain that. You've been delivering kind of low to mid-single digit EBITDA growth in connectivity. Can you keep this up with expenses as a driver over the next couple of years or do you need revenue to accelerate? Maybe just talk about the opportunity you see ahead for the company.  And then, I'm just wondering, you teased it a little bit with the iPhone commentary, but what's the thought process around getting more aggressive in wireless? Do you want to avoid pressuring financials at all? Because it would seem like wireless and the ability  the potential for wireless to bring broadband growth up to higher levels has got to be something you guys are thinking about. So, love to just hear your considerations on that front. Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: It's Jason. Let me start with the margin and expense question on the connectivity side. I think you're right, we've been sort of consistently expanding margins. A large part of that is we had yet another quarter, as we mentioned in the upfront remarks, where every expense line item went backwards or declined year-over-year, which is a positive outside of direct network costs. And just as a reminder, those are costs that directly feed into our key growth businesses like broadband and wireless. So as we look forward, I think the construct is, and you sort of laid this out appropriately, we've got several revenue growth drivers within our connectivity business, namely residential broadband, wireless, and business services, and those are the higher margin businesses within all of Connectivity & Platforms. So the mix shift that we're seeing and undergoing, where those are the businesses that are growing against businesses that are not growing, has been a favorable mix shift for us and we expect it to continue to be a favorable mix shift. So I would look for continued opportunities in both expense and margin.
Michael Cavanagh: And I would just add  it's Mike, Ben  that on the other part  as Jason has pointed out, the six growth driver businesses, the cable  components of that are all high incremental margin next dollar revenue, very high incremental margin, but there's also the businesses that are  as we've talked about, are not in the six growth drivers that are being managed pretty aggressively, frankly, for continued ways to find efficiencies to offset the pressures on the top line. So we've got multiple things going on that I think are the tailwinds for continued ability to drive margins.
David Watson: Ben, this is Dave. So  and as both Jason and Mike said, it does start when you talk about margins with the top line, and so a real focus around healthy ARPU, total revenue growth in connectivity, so all of those things really I think are sustainable.  And you go through a competitive phase like we are, but you've still got to keep your eye on the ball and we believe that, over time, in addition to driving good, healthy, making financially disciplined calls along the way, we will return to subscriber growth over time. And so, I think you add all that up, it's  that's the beginning part. Then your question on mobile, it's such an important part of our strategy and it has been. We've built up the business, had consistent performance, and believe strongly we've got a long runway ahead.  And one of the things that we're doing just to showcase kind of the focus for us is we are rolling out a buy one, get one offer. It's scaled up at the very end of Q3. It's really kicking off in earnest in Q4. It's a straightforward, good, solid offer that will be accretive and will drive broadband benefits in doing so. We're starting with the base and that's  but it's just an example that in both residential and in small business, we'll continue to be very  I think very aggressive in mobile over time. So a lot more to come on mobile, but we're encouraged and really like the runway ahead. Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett: I'm going to go to a different place, actually. Xumo, and maybe, Brian, if you could talk a little about this from a high level kind of strategic point of view. There's been a lot of talk about the prospect for streaming services being rebundled into something that maybe is in some ways closer to what we used to have in the video world. I wonder if you could just talk about that a little bit and talk about how Xumo might fit into that and whether you think Xumo has the potential to actually become a meaningful part of your Connectivity & Platforms business.
Brian Roberts: Great question. We're really excited about Xumo and the progress that we've made  we're making together now with Charter, and it's an amazing platform that started with X1, but now will be in televisions, it will be in devices, and it will be all over the nation and frankly all over the world.  The heart and soul of it is our entertainment operating system which is global that includes Sky, all of Canada, Cox, and a number of other distributors that we now gradually build up to, all be helping to finance and help the innovation roadmap. So what is that innovation roadmap? It's really like you're suggesting, what do customers really want? They want a great platform, a great pipe. There want world-class content that they customize. And they want someone to make it really simple for them and do the heavy lifting as you bounce in between services, and that is what we really built our company on all these years and this industry on.  So it is somewhat ironic that we've unbundled to rebundle to unbundle to rebundle and everybody has a different version of that and we're at a moment in time, but a lot of it is having one great platform that now the entire industry has and thankfully all of you on this phone who do not live in a Comcast market, which is many, are now soon going to be able to get these products, talk to your voice remote, and see how fantastic the experience is, whether you buy the cable bundle or not. And that's a big point. As most of our sales now are broadband only, we want to make sure we are the best aggregator for streaming. And then a logical next step will be us or others beginning to try to make it even easier for consumers to purchase and to switch packages. So it's an important part of the roadmap and this was a big week in the Charter announcement. And I'm sure, in their call, they'll talk about their commitment to the JV as well. Operator: Next question is coming from Phil Cusick from JPMorgan.
Phil Cusick: A couple for Dave. Dave, I think you said that you expect to get back to broadband growth over time, and as you expand the number of houses that you're building, as Jason mentioned, I expect that that's probably part of it. But can you talk about the contribution of that low end effort that you started? You mentioned on the first quarter call and the level of reversal that you're doing here as well as recent competition from fiber and fixed wireless.  And then second, if you can just talk about where wireless is right now, how the CBRS trials are going in Philadelphia, and any thoughts on timing to expand that. Thanks very much.
David Watson: You got it, Phil. So as we've said, and it's  everybody has seen, it's a pretty competitive environment. And so, when you  we have some continuation of some of the macro issues that we talked about, but we've also  as you brought up, we've also continued to see the expansion of both fiber and fixed wireless footprint. So we've gone through several competitive cycles where there's  it's really noted by a lot of new footprint that's been added, and so we did start in the beginning of the year, made some adjustments in terms of offers that were really focused more on the lower end of the market, but part of our game plan is to  we're going to continue to invest in a better network, better products, and compete aggressively, but we're going to maintain financial discipline, and that means making certain decisions when it comes to balancing rate and volume. And so, after the first half, we did make the decision to pull back on some of our more aggressive offers which resulted in lower connect activity. So that is the changes that we've had. I think our voluntary churn rate is very healthy. A key part of that that's continued and the real issue that we see at this point is, as we manage things, is just lower connect volume. So  but, net-net, we're growing revenue as we talked about earlier, Jason did and I did, and we're going to focus on multiple drivers of revenue growth. And we'll make our playbook, we make changes throughout.  So  and then to wireless, your point, we are continuing to test in terms of the CBRS roll-offs where we've picked up the pace on that, staying close to what Charter is doing. We've seen good progress in the ability to off-load traffic and encouraged by the opportunity in terms of just such a small geographic part of your footprint contributes so much volume of wireless traffic. So we are in position, if we so choose to do it, but we like where we're at with that, no new news in terms of scaling up on that point, but we're in a good position.  Operator: Our next question is coming from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America Securities.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: I have two topics. One is sports and one's advertising. On sports, it's such a key differentiator in content. Can you just talk about your longer term sports strategy and how you believe sports will be distributed in the future? You talked about more going direct-to-consumer. What role will linear play as we look ahead three to five years, and how would you respond to the leagues, whether NBA or NFL, et cetera, investing in ESPN?  And then on advertising, there seems to be weakness across the board, cable and media, which is in line I'm sure with the rest of the industry. But there seems to be strength in the industry in digital whether it's Google or Meta. How are you as a company/industry addressing that? How do you get dollars back?
Brian Roberts: Okay. Well, this is Brian. Let me start and kick it over to Mike because I think your industry question on sports is really profound and important. I think our company has had a long, deep, rich history in sports, both parts of the company. The best way to consume an NFL game or the Olympics is to have our entertainment operating system I just talked about in Craig's question, and you'll see that in the Olympics. There will be nothing like it. The same goes for I think NBC Sports which is the number one show in television on Sunday Night Football. We've got a great team and a culture of big events, whether it goes from the Kentucky Derby, which the ratings are much higher when it's been on NBC than any previous platform, and then on and on.  And with Peacock now, we have the most live sports of any of the streaming services. And I believe that that's a surprise to many people when they learn that and believe that to be the case, and that's a commitment we made when we had things like English Premier League or Tour de France or golf or events that went on for longer periods of time than were typically on a network where you wanted more camera angles or more feeds and more games, and that sets us up for being relevant in the transition that we're all talking about. How do we go from analog to digital in a way that helps the leagues?  And so, yeah, I can't speculate on what might happen to ESPN, but what I could speculate is we meet with the leagues which we do frequently, we think we present a somewhat unique ability to help get the maximum engagement now with broadcast and cable, particularly our broadcast platform, as well as having a robust streaming service and a super quarter here regarding the kind of momentum that we've garnered. A lot of that is driven by sports on Peacock. And that sets you up to answer your advertising question, which I'll let Mike go into a bit, but at the highest level, we're creating the digital capability on Peacock in the most relevant content. That looks like a very winning combination for us as a strategy.
Michael Cavanagh: And I'll just add on that. It's Mike. I'll just add that the importance and the significance of us being committed to sports in the streaming context of Peacock is for us combined with the ability to bring the big reach that our broadcaster NBC brings to the party, which I think is an important element of  while sports over the long term I think are going to be experienced significantly through streaming, I think for a long time, the economics of the sports rights that you see is going to be substantially supported by broadcast reach that I think for a long time is going to continue to be a significant part of the picture. In terms of advertising, I'd say, Jessica, that overall it's not a big difference in story than last quarter. I'd say the ad market has remained soft. It hasn't necessarily gotten worse despite a little bit of sequential decline, but it hasn't gotten better at the same time. And we still continue to think it's due to the general uncertainty about economic conditions that are out there. The kind of weakness that we're talking about or the softness is particularly on the linear side, while Peacock has remained very strong. Picking at this quarter a little bit, the deceleration from 5% to 8%, contributing factor there which is a little idiosyncratic is, while the retail and tech sectors were down a little bit, whereas auto and pharma and consumer products were up. The one that was down that's a little unique and idiosyncratic is entertainment where you had streamers spending a little less together with advertisers, given the strikes, looking at what the lineups were in the recent past and putting some money in other places. So some of that will revert we believe once strikes are over. And as we look to the fourth [Technical Difficulty] last year's World Cup as well as political that underlying ad sales will be an improvement in this fourth quarter versus last year's fourth quarter. And as far as digital, I think that's why there is definitely the opportunity that some tech competitors are capturing to get premium video monetized in digital platforms, and I think that speaks to why we consider Peacock to be an important initiative for us. And we're pleased again with the progress we're making in Peacock which is now north of 28 million subs and strong overall 60% revenue growth year-over-year.
Brian Roberts: One last point I just wanted to add that one of the great things about sports that we're very excited about is streaming sports and what that means for our broadband network strategy that Dave was just talking about. Dave and the team I think have found a great balance in how we're running the operation, but a big part of that is a commitment and a belief that we see all sports finding a way over the next many years or maybe not so many years to be more and more streamed, and that's going to require more bandwidth and that's going to require and create an opportunity for us to have the superior product in the market.  So that's our strategy, and so sports really, back to your first question, Jessica, is at the heart and soul of a lot of what we do. Operator: Our next question is coming from Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs.
Brett Feldman: I've got two questions about your business connectivity segment. The first is you made some comments about investments you're making to better address the enterprise customer demographic. I think the assumption has been, historically, it's not been a focus for you because serving that demo generally requires you to serve customers with locations outside of your footprint. So I was curious to hear a little more about your strategy for scaling up there, and I'm wondering whether that might involve making incremental investments in your connectivity platform outside of your region, either organically or potentially making some acquisitions.  And then second, I was hoping you could give us an update on the extent to which the business segment is contributing to your success in wireless. Is it kind of pacing what you're seeing in the residential space, or do you think you have more opportunity there? Thank you.
David Watson: Hey, Brett, Dave. So let me start. Overall, business services had a very good quarter. Revenue accelerated a little, reflecting stronger growth in enterprise and mid-market, so we've been very focused on growing all categories.  So your point on the sales investment, let me provide some context. We have been for some time working with partners. And most certainly, with the acquisition of Masergy, we've been expanding our capability to go into other areas and now we have global opportunity to be able to handle customers. The key here is to be able to take care of customers' needs wherever they are, so this particular investment is just adding some folks, it's not infrastructure that we're building out there. We will leverage the partnerships that we have, but certainly we'll deliver products that meets the customers' needs out. But it's sales force and adding some people that can drive mid-market and enterprise where the customers' locations are. But we'll continue to partner, we have great partnerships with Charter, Cox, many others, and we'll continue to do that. It's not really an infrastructure moment. And in terms of wireless, it's a very important part of business services and it's  clearly, this phase is centered on SMB and we're getting going on that. We've picked up the pace on that. It's not a major driver yet in overall mobile activity at this point, but we expect that pace to pick up. That is an important one for us. And let me  just one last point, if I could, Brett. While you're talking about business services, I'd be remiss if I didn't thank Bill Stemper as he transitions to Chairman Emeritus. Bill has been a spectacular teammate and driver of this business over a long stretch, really. And one of the great things that Bill did is build a world class team. I think they've set the bar in terms of performance. We continue to do that. And part of that team is a wonderful executive, Ed Zimmerman, who has now taken over the  running business services for us, so congratulations to both. Operator: Our next question is coming from John Hodulik from UBS.
John Hodulik: Two, if I could. First of all, and maybe for Dave, can I just get your thoughts on the Charter approach to the Disney renewal? Do you see Comcast heading in that direction, or do you see benefits for the industry and for linear TV if the industry does move in that direction? And then following up on some of your comments on the broadband side, you guys are rolling out DOCSIS 4.0, you're starting to sign up customers. I guess, one, could you just update us on the timing of that rollout? And two, do you see it more as an ARPU opportunity or a sub opportunity, subscriber growth opportunity?  I guess lastly on that, you said there's more competition at the low end of the broadband market. Is there any way you could quantify either Comcast's exposure to the low end or how big the low end of the market in broadband is? Thanks.
David Watson: I think Mike and Brian talked about Charter Disney, so that to me  I think that is the  they provided the point of view. From my perspective, I think every situation is unique. I think we are in a very unique position because of the platform that we have and the fact that we are in the streaming business as a company, that we have great relationships with content providers and we have a way of figuring things out. But it will be case by case as they come up and we'll see  but a big part of it, one of the things we talked about is value, value of the content and how that model evolves, we'll figure it out. But I think we are in a good position to be a bridge builder as we go, consider each one of these options in the marketplace. In terms of the network and DOCSIS, let me give you a sense, John, where we're at. So we're about 30% in terms of mid-splits and really focused on this seamless integration that connects HFC to fiber. And we'll be at 40% next year.  So  and then we started  you've seen the announcement and we talked about the deployment of DOCSIS 4.0 [Technical Difficulty] and so we're going to continue to drive the mid-split upgrade areas. DOCSIS 4.0 follows that mid-split trajectory. And that is our focus, continued focus is just providing leadership of where the market's going.  The reason why, to answer your question, in terms of where do we see the benefits, it's that point, that the market is going to continue, whether it's the sports discussion we talked about earlier, as more and more things start to perhaps go to streaming, there will be more simultaneous contention at peak moments and we're in a great position with the networks. So having that, the ability to have faster speeds, ubiquitous network coverage at scale, the most efficient network and effectively delivering, we've got [Technical Difficulty] customers that are 1 gig today, 70% of our customers are 400 megabits or higher, and we see where things are going. So I think the answer is both. I think, over time, it's customer relationship as it's going to become increasingly harder for some of the competition to keep up in terms of  they have to make network trade-offs in fixed wireless, in particular, and so that to me is both rate and volume.  And on  the last point is just on the lower end, it was a lot of activity in the lower end. We did respond in the first quarter but made adjustments for the second half, so that  I talked about that.
Brian Roberts: I would just say on the Charter and Disney, what I think it was in sort of the first question I answered, we think there's a  echo what Dave said, not one size fits all, very glad, happy for both companies that they figured something out. Good for consumers. Each situation is slightly different. What I think is important for us is finding a way to help our customers have a great network, aggregate that content, and have access to the great content, and I think we're really well positioned to do that and we're looking forward to executing upon that. Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street. Your line is now live.
Jonathan Chaplin: Maybe for Dave, just a small question following on from Phil's. In terms of the CBRS trials, is the benefit that you're seeing there that you're sort of more enthusiastic about primarily on the cost side from being able to off-load traffic, or is there a product benefit as well?  And then with the sale of the 600 megahertz spectrum, does that sort of suggest that you're not really interested in owning any spectrum besides 600 megahertz, or was there some sort of something  sorry, besides CBRS, was there something specific about 600 megahertz in the portfolio that you had that made it non-strategic?  And then if you can give us just a quick update on where your sort of average usage is on broadband, that would be helpful as well. Thanks.
David Watson: So in terms of CBRS, it's what I said before that we're in position  it's an option for us. We're in a good position and we like our  where we're at with our current deal, the MVNO, capital light approach, everything that we talked about is consistent.  But we've always been very interested  and the benefit of CBRS is on the cost side, and that if you have  again, 3% of your geographic footprint that's delivering 60% of the traffic, that's a good option and if we can figure out how to do that. So we're  that's what's really driving it. And  but we've always been very focused on how to build a better overall wireless experience. We have I think great Wi-Fi capability in addition to CBRS if that's something we want to do. But the key for CBRS is that we just want to be in position and doing it without a massive amount of CapEx to be able to deliver that smaller geographic area. And in regards to 600 megahertz, it's just a  it was an opportunity to get value for areas of the country outside of our areas and it just made sense to  it was a good transaction for us and not something that we're going to build outside of our footprint. Operator: Our final question today is coming from Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
Steven Cahall: So just first on the residential broadband ARPU, wondering if you could unpack a little bit of the sequential change? I know the big components are double play going to single play from cord cutting as well as just tiering and pricing, so with a little bit of slowdown sequentially. Should we attribute a lot of that to the slowdown in video losses that you saw, or anything else going on in there?  And then, Brian, you talked a lot about how effectively you've deleveraged the balance sheet, taking down by a full turn over the last couple of years. Also that a lot of your competitors, especially on the media side, are going to be more challenged. So I know you'll be disciplined in anything that you do, but as you look ahead and think about competing against some companies that aren't challenged, like Netflix and Apple and Amazon, how do you think about some of the availability of some of those distressed content creators that might be out there at some future point? Thank you.
David Watson: Let me start, Steven. This is Dave. The biggest driver in terms of ARPU was that, the first half of the year, our focus  we did make adjustments in that first part of the year about being a little bit more aggressive in the lower end. This resulted in a mix shift among new customers that were coming on and this caused the deceleration in ARPU growth from where we were before at 4.5% to 3.9%. The 3.9% is still very strong ARPU growth and consistent with our planning and what we were talking about. So that was really the biggest driver.  Some certainly benefit over time to a little bit better performance in the video business with NOW TV, which is beginning to pick up the pace. So pleased with that. But it was mostly that refinement of the lower end offers, and you're not going to see that, by the way, that level of deceleration from Q3 to Q4 as we made those adjustments. So that  it's mostly the tier mix change that I talked about.
Jason Armstrong: Steven, I would add on to that, just if you look at the historical context here, we've typically grown broadband ARPU 3% to 4% in any given year. We've been operating at the very high end of that for the first three-quarters this year. Things that contribute to that over the long term, you mentioned sort of the tactical components of that that really, really  we want to see broadband usage growth, we want to see customers hanging more devices off their network, we want to see them taking higher speeds, and that's exactly what they're doing. So those are sort of the foundational pillars for driving ARPU growth over time, and that's exactly what we're seeing.
Brian Roberts: This is Brian. I actually will let Mike answer because he did such a great job in his old job as CFO in helping put our balance sheet in this enviable position that he described in his opening or comments about how long the debt is and some of the interest rates. We have a great business this quarter, another demonstration of it. The start to the year is fantastic. But, Mike, why don't you  so therefore, the bar is very high to do anything other than the plan we've got and we like the company but, Mike, why don't you go into your thoughts on that content question specifically.
Michael Cavanagh: So I think if you zoom out, it's much of what I said earlier, Steven, which is I think the strength of our financial position broadly, if you think about across all the businesses we're in, I think of us as having leading positions for the customer but also strong margins benchmarked against any period you can look at, that together with the strong balance sheet, I think the company couldn't be in better shape financially.  And I think on the execution side, Dave and his team and the NBC team that works with me are  they know what they're doing and I think we're not giving anybody any quarter in terms of operating the businesses we have. Our priorities, though, in how to use that financial strength is very strategic. So I think we think about the businesses we're in and investing in them appropriately for return and growth and drive growth in those businesses over the long term, hence the way Jason talks about the half the company that's got strong revenue growth. We're trying to find ways to put resources into our own businesses. So that's the priority. As Brian said, the bar is really high for us to consider anything inorganic, but it's our job to look at these things. But if you think about  what you call the potentially distressed media assets, I'm not sure which ones you're referring to, but many of them are pretty small and wouldn't change the arc of what our company's all about. So I think our focus is on the total picture what Comcast looks like and we're proud of the company we have.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Steve. That concludes our call. I want to thank everyone for joining us. Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's question-and-answer session and today's conference call. A replay of the call will be available starting at 11:30 am Eastern Time today on Comcast's Investor Relations website. Thank you for participating. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, operator, and welcome to our second quarter 2023 earnings call. You'll first hear from Mike Cavanagh and Jason Armstrong. Then Brian Roberts and Dave Watson will join us and be available for Q&A. I will now refer you to slide two of the presentation accompanying this call, which can also be found on our Investor Relations Web site, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer. This conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedule issued earlier this morning for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, Marci, and good morning, everyone. I'm very pleased with our second quarter results, which again demonstrate that our focused efforts to invest and innovate in businesses that offer significant revenue growth, while we carefully manage the contiguous areas with structurally lower growth is paying off. Total revenue grew 2%, and the sixth growth priority areas we have outlined: residential broadband, wireless, business services, theme parks, streaming and premium content creation in our studios, grew nearly 10% year-over-year, and now represent 55% of total revenue. This revenue growth combined with careful management of margins across all businesses generated mid single-digit EBITDA growth and double-digit earnings per share growth. Looking farther into the future, we expect to continue to drive significant growth in these areas, and to continue to identify and invest in organic growth opportunities across our strong portfolio of businesses. We are also very clear-eyed about the challenges that we and our competitors face in other business lines, and have established thoughtful plans which will enable these businesses to continue to meaningfully contribute both financially and strategically. Importantly, the net effect of this approach is a path to sustained future revenue growth for the company in total, driving strong earnings and free cash flow growth for, what I expect to be, many years to come. Significantly, we have by far the strongest balance sheet among our core competitors, which allows us to continue to invest for growth while returning substantial capital to shareholders through both dividends and buybacks which will drive excellent free cash flow and earnings per share growth. Now, let me call out a few highlights from the quarter. For the first time in the company's history, we generated over $10 billion in quarterly EBITDA. And while the diversification of our businesses means there were several significant contributors, I would highlight three that stand out to me in the quarter and reflect the consistency of our investments and the resulting durability of our growth profile. The first is broadband ARPU growth of 4.5%. Stepping back, I am confident we have a winning hand in convergence. We are the largest broadband provider with a high-quality ubiquitous network, and the most cost-efficient upgrade path to higher speeds. In addition, we can compete effectively in wireless with a capital-light approach, and a very strong value proposition for our customers. We also have a long history of consistently surrounding our products with industry-leading features and capabilities, ranging from the coverage and control aspects of our WiFi experience, to content aggregation through our X1 and Flex platforms, which is how we have been able to achieve near-record low levels of churn and grow ARPU consistently quarter after quarter. This second quarter's 4.5% growth was no exception, and is a testament to our ability to appropriately balance rate and volume to effectively segment the market and surround our broadband product with industry-leading products and capabilities. The broadband market remains highly competitive, but we have and will continue to invest to sustain our position as a market leader. Second is our parks, which continues to be such a great story for us. Our teams have consistently introduced new and innovative attractions, leveraging both our owned or licensed IP. We opened Super Nintendo World at both Universal Hollywood and Japan, which helped drive the record results in the quarter. Later this summer, we will be opening a new Minion Land in Orlando, and we look forward to Donkey Kong, in Japan, next year, as well as starting the previously announced kid's theme park, in Texas, and the Halloween Horror experience, in Las Vegas. And I couldn't be more excited about the opening of Epic Universe, in Orlando, in 2025. Third is the strength of our film studios and in particular our animation business. Super Mario Bros. crossed over $1.3 billion in worldwide box office to date, making it the second-highest grossing animated film ever. This is another incredible achievement by Illumination and Chris Meledandri. We also invest in successful franchises like Fast, highlighted by the successful launch of the latest installment with Fast X during the quarter. Of course, we just released Oppenheimer, which gross about $180 million this past weekend to tremendous acclaim from critics and moviegoers alike. Oppenheimer is such a powerful and impactful movie, and we at Comcast couldn't be proud to work with Christopher Nolan to bring such an important movie to audiences globally. We have the very best roster of creative partners, and these innovative filmmakers enable us to invest in a strategic slate, which is one of the keys to our continued box office success where we remain number two in box office year-to-date. All of these results and accomplishments, from broadband differentiation, to studio leadership, to our park success are a function of our focused leadership team, commitment to innovation, strong balance sheet, and disciplined approach to capital allocation. As I look at our company, I am extremely bullish on the durability of growth drivers we have invested in so consistently, and in our continued ability to invest and deliver through a variety of businesses and economic cycles. This was also my first quarter with direct responsibility for NBCUniversal. And I observed in a note announcing some organizational changes a few weeks ago, NBCU is a very special place with tremendous opportunities ahead. I could not be more impressed with the depth of talent, and particularly with our leadership team. And I am very confident that the new streamlined organization we have just put in place, and which has been very well received will help us move even faster and make even better decisions. As you know, NBCU operates a diverse array of businesses, each with leading market positions. In addition to film and parks, which I referenced earlier, we have the number one TV portfolio by total audience, and our TV studio is award-winning and prolific. We're the number one most watched news organization in the U.S., and sports continues to be a huge driver, with the NFL, NASCAR, gold, Premier League, the World Cup on Telemundo, including the Women's World Cup going on right now, Big Ten starting this fall, and the Paris Olympics coming up next year. I am also confident that we have the right strategy for the future. We produce premium content through our studios, distributed through our TV networks, Peacock and third parties, and further monetize this content with our theme parks and consumer products. In streaming, we launched Peacock as an ad-supported model that is an extension of our existing business. We set out a plan, which we have adapted as needed, and Peacock is strong and growing. We gained two million paid subscribers in the second quarter, going from 22 million to 24 million paid subscribers. This growth was largely driven by conversion of Comcast subs to paying relationships which started in June. And we're very pleased with the results so far. Without a doubt, consumer trends such as cord-cutting and new competitors, particularly from the technology sector present challenges for us. And we are facing an uncertain macro environment which continues to pressure linear advertising. But I firmly believe that we have the business strategy, management dept, and financial strength to emerge as long-term winners and value creators as the landscape evolves at NBCUniversal, and across the company. Another challenge in the near-term are the writers and actors strikes. We remain committed to reaching a fair deal as soon as possible so we can get back to doing what we do best, which is making great content together. With that, let me turn it over to Jason.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. We had a really strong second quarter. And to take you through it, I'll start with our consolidated results on slide four. Revenue increased 2% to $30.5 billion, while adjusted EBITDA grew 4% to $10.2 billion, a record level driven by continued operating leverage at our high-margin Connectivity & Platforms business, as well as strong growth at Studios and Theme Parks. We grew adjusted earnings per share by 12% to $1.13, and generated $3.4 billion of free cash flow, while returning $3.2 billion of capital to shareholders. Our healthy level of free cash flow in the quarter includes the significant investments we're making to support and grow our businesses in six key growth areas; our connectivity businesses including Residential Broadband, Wireless, and Business Services Connectivity, Theme Parks, Streaming, and premium content in our studios. Taken together, these areas generated more than half of our total company revenue in the quarter, and grew nearly 10% year-over-year, consistent with the first quarter. Now, let's turn to our individual business results, starting on slide five, with Connectivity & Platforms. As I get into these results, I'll refer to year-over-year growth on a constant currency basis. Revenue for total Connectivity & Platforms was flat at $20.4 billion. Our core connectivity businesses, domestic broadband, domestic wireless, international connectivity, and Business Services Connectivity increased 7% to over $10 billion in revenue, while video, advertising, and other revenue declined 7% to $9.8 billion. Our strategy continues to incorporate a strong focus on investing in and driving growth in high-margin businesses while protecting profitability in businesses with secular headwinds through disciplined cost management. This resulted in 170 basis points of margin expansion for Connectivity & Platforms in the second quarter, while margins for our domestic legacy cable business improved 240 basis points, reaching a record high of 47.3%. Diving deeper into the details, first, I'll unpack connectivity revenue growth. Residential Connectivity revenue grew by 8%, reflecting 4% growth in domestic broadband, 20% growth in wireless, and 26% growth in international, while revenue for Business Services Connectivity grew 4%. Domestic broadband continued to be led by very strong ARPU growth, which increased 4.5% for the second consecutive quarter. As we have said before, our goal is to protect ARPU by retaining the appropriate balance between rate and volume, and to serve our customers' constant demand for more from our network. We continue to see the use cases for better and faster Internet increase. Demand for higher speeds is increasing, as is average network consumption, and our customers are hanging more devices off our network in their homes. The average monthly data usage for a broadband customer that doesn't take video from us is nearly 700 gigabytes, and continues to grow. In fact, this is nearly 70% more than the average usage from the comparable quarter in 2019, pre-pandemic. Additionally, nearly three quarters of our broadband customers are now in speed plans of 400 megs and above. That's up from less than 50% last year and less than 20% in 2020. We plan for our network and product capabilities to stay far ahead of demand, so that we maintain our position as the market leader, delivering the best broadband possible. To that end, our transition to DOCSIS 4.0 is progressing well. We are more than halfway through the year, and have implemented on mid-split technology at 25% of our footprint, and are on target to complete one-third of this build by year-end, with the first commercial launch of DOCSIS 4.0 in just a few short months. We are also hard at work when it comes to expanding our footprint. We've grown our homes and businesses past by 1.5% year-over-year to 61.8 million, and we are on pace to meet or exceed our goal of 1 million new homes and businesses past for 2023, with future footprint expansion remaining a high priority. Growth in domestic wireless revenue was due to higher service revenue, driven by continued strong momentum in customer lines, which were up $1.4 million or 30% year-over-year, to $6 million in total, including the 316,000 lines we just added in the quarter. This marked the seventh consecutive quarter of more than 300,000 line additions. We continue testing some new converged offers in the quarter, and we are encouraged by an increasing mix of new customers to Comcast. And we will continue to experiment with different offers over time. With just 10% of our domestic residential broadband customers taking our mobile offering, we have a big opportunity and long runway ahead for growth in wireless. International connectivity revenue grew to $1 billion, a record high, and demonstrates the strength of the Sky brand and the ability to leverage a leadership position in video, and extend that to connectivity with significant success. Broadband, which accounts for two-thirds of international connectivity revenue continue to grow at a mid-teens level, benefiting from both an increase in customers and ARPU, compared to a year ago. The remainder is wireless revenue, which tends to have more variable growth due to handsets, which contributed to the higher growth this quarter. Finally, on Business Services Connectivity, revenue increased 4%, reflecting stronger growth in enterprise and mid-market and a slight deceleration in growth from small business, where we are seeing a bit of macro economic pressure. The strong revenue growth overall in our connectivity businesses was offset by declines in video, due to customer losses since last year, as well as declines in other revenue, reflecting similar dynamics in wireline voice. And finally, in advertising, which was impacted by lower political revenue in our domestic markets and the macro environment. Connectivity in platforms total EBITDA increased 4% to $8.3 billion, and as I mentioned a moment ago, adjusted margin that expanded 170 basis points. This is driven by the mix shift to our high margin connectivity businesses coupled with very strong expense management. In fact every line of expense was down year-over-year, except direct product costs, which are success-based and directly associated with the significant growth in our connectivity businesses. Further on tacking our connectivity and platform's EBITDA results between residential and business, residential EBITDA grew 4% with margin improving 180 basis points to reach 38.9%, again, highlighting our favorable mix shift, while business EBITDA grew 5% with margin improving 40 basis points to reach 57.7%. Now, let's turn to Content & Experiences on slide six. Content & Experiences revenue increased 4% to $10.9 billion, and EBITDA increased 7.5% to $2.2 billion, driven by record results at parks and strong growth at studios, fueled by the success of Super Mario Brothers. Taking a closer look at the results, our media segment combines our TV networks and Peacock, matching our holistic approach to managing these businesses. As viewership shifts to streaming, our dual revenue strategy at Peacock, where we are growing advertising and distribution revenue, is offsetting declines in linear revenue. At the same time, we are managing costs at our linear networks, and reallocating some of these resources to Peacock, with the goal of maximizing profitability over the long-term across our media portfolio. You see that in our media results this quarter was stable revenue, a strong growth in Peacock offset the performance at our linear networks. Immediate EBITDA decreased 18%, which included a $651 million EBITDA loss at Peacock. To get a little further into details, domestic advertising declined 5% with underlying trends consistent to prior quarters, reflecting continued softness in the overall market, partially offset by strong growth in advertising at Peacock, which increased over 75% driven by strong demand. We expect these overall results in advertising to continue in the third quarter. Domestic distribution increased 2% driven by Peacock distribution revenue growth of nearly 70%. Peacock paid scribers landed at $24 million compared to $30 million a year ago and $22 million at the end of the first quarter. As Mike mentioned, in June we began an effort to transition Comcast bundle scribers who received Peacock for free to a paid relationship. We've made some nice progress to date as the conversion activity drove Peacock second quarter subscriber growth. And we are bullish on further increasing our Peacock subscriber base through the balance of 2023, driven by both our continued conversion efforts as well as strong programming in the second-half. Some highlights included strong line up of movies exclusively on Peacock in our Pay-One window including Super Mario Bros. coming August 3rd; a day & date movie, Blumhouse, Five Nights at Freddy's coming at the end of October. And continued benefit from our next day broadcast Bravo content along with a strong sports lineup including Sunday Night Football, and for the first time, Big Ten. Turning to Studios, we had a great quarter driven by our film business including the latest installment of the Fast franchise and a tremendous success of Super Mario Bros. While theatrical revenue growth was offset by lower content licensing at our television studios due the timing of when we deliver content, the momentum in our film business led by the success of Mario fueled nearly $260 million in year-over-year growth in studio EBITDA. At Theme Parks, revenue increased 22% and EBITDA increased 32% to $833 million, a record level. Our park in Hollywood continued momentum from opening Super Nintendo World last quarter. The positive consumer reaction drove strong attendance and per cap growth, helping Hollywood to deliver its best quarter EBITDA in its history. Our international parks are both experiencing nice rebound post COVID. Our park in Osaka delivered a record level of EBITDA for a second quarter as it continues to benefit from strong demand from Super Nintendo World. And our park in Beijing enjoyed its most profitable quarter to date, resulting in strong improvement compared to last year when the park was largely closed due to COVID. In Orlando, our comparisons were impacted by unprecedented levels of visitation last year. But underlying momentum remains healthy as attendance was relatively in line with 2019 pre-pandemic levels while revenue was substantially ahead of 2019 levels. I'll now wrap up with free cash flow and capital allocation on Slide 7. As I mentioned previously, we generated $3.4 billion in free cash flow this quarter, and achieved this while absorbing meaningful investments in our network and theme parks. These investments drove a 20% increase in total capital spending, primarily driven by higher CapEx which was consistent with the outlook that we provided on our last quarter call. At Connectivity & Platforms, CapEx increased to 11% with CapEx intensity coming in at 10.4%, primarily driven by investments to accelerate our home passed as well as transition our U.S. network to DOCSIS 4.0. Content & Experiences CapEx increased by $344 million, driven by parks, with Epic accounting for the majority of this quarter's increase in spend. Turning to return on capital and our balance sheet, we repurchased $2 billion worth of shares in the quarter. In addition, dividend payments totaled $1.2 billion for a total return on capital in the second quarter of $3.2 billion. We ended the quarter with net leverage of 2.4 times, in line with our target leverage. With that, let me turn it over to Brian for a few words before we turn the call back to Marci.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Jason. I am really pleased with our team and this outstanding performance for the first-half of the year. It was a terrific quarter on all the great metrics you've just articulated. So, I would like to just zoom out a bit. And probably what's most exciting is the hopefully recurring and sustainable model that we are able to leverage our faster growing businesses which you laid out to generate revenue growth for the entire company. And then, we convert that all the way free cash flow per share that accelerates with the strength of our company and our balance sheet. I really couldn't be more proud of the team, excited about the future. So, Marci, let's turn it over to you for Q&A.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Brian. Operator, let's open up the call please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you, good morning. Question on broadband, and then one on NBC, maybe for Mike and Dave, when you think about the converged offers you have in the market, I know you've been testing more the investments in the network. Those tailwinds, again the headwinds around competition and housing, fixed wireless, when you put that all together, how are you feeling about the ability for the company to return to consistent broadband customer growth, particularly when you look into maybe the seasonally stronger back-half or into next year? And then, Mike, you mentioned the strikes. There's a lot of different ways that those could impact your business depending on how long it lasts. But I'm particularly interested in free cash flow for the company, and also Peacock, where there's a lot of expectations around Peacock profitability improving or losses coming down, and continued growth. When you put the strike into context for us, how should we be thinking about the impact should this last longer than expected? Thank you.
David Watson: Hey, Ben, this is Dave. Let me started with broadband, and hand it over to Mike. I think talking about this environment; you got to start where the market is and where the customer is going. And the customers continue to be highly engaged in multiple broadband applications, streaming, gaming, all trending up. And you look at the other thing that is happening, just an increasing number of simultaneous device usage that's happening in peak moments. And now we have over a billion connected devices -- WiFi-connected devices to our network. So, from an overall perspective, that's just very encouraging. And you look at the results; non-video broadband customers are doing more than 700 gigabytes per month. And you take one key area, one major streaming part of the business, and that's sports. And it starts with just making it really easy to find the sporting event, so great voice search that we have in our platform, multiple ways to consume sports, in linear, DVR, streaming, all seamlessly connected. And then, of course, comes, when big sports moments happen, you want reliability, fast speeds, great coverage and capacity. And you look at just what happened in Thursday Night Football, Messi in MLS, Peacock has a fantastic sports slate that will be steamed and consumed that way. So, you need great broadband to be able to back all of that up. And so, I think that's a great driver, and over time. But in this environment, we are seeing continued lower move activity. Competition is still increased. And fixed wireless you brought out there, they're still pressing. However, we are seeing some rational promotional activity; it's early, no changes to any trending, but when you see that in the competitive environment that is encouraging. Both voluntary and non-paid churn remain below pre-pandemic levels, and that has continued. So, our game plan in this environment is we're going to invest in our network, we're going to focus on upgrading, and the mid-split, all that activity is on track leading to 4.0 beginning the deployments and trialing activity starting at the end of the year. No change to our game plan. And we're going to segment the base. And we've consistently focused on the starting point high-end broadband activity in tiers, a third of our customers-plus are on 1 gig, and we've launched our new 2-gig service to 25% of our footprint, and overall, 75% of our customers or for 100 megabits or more. So, we're going to continue to leverage mobile, and we're going to press aggressively with mobile, and even new broadband partners, like NOW TV, which is a great streaming video tier that showcases Peacock. And the net of this is a stable base, 32 million residential broadband customers, and while protecting resi broadband ARPU growth. You saw us do that in Q2 at 4.5% ARPU growth. But in this environment, we're still competitive in lower activity superior to flux, and in some quarters, we may report customer losses. That being said, to your question, we believe, over time, we will return to subscriber growth. And certainly we're seeing more normalization. Back-to-school is going to happen in Q3. And most certainly there's some seasonal normalization. But over time, I'm confident that we will be able to balance this formula of ARPU, focus, and over time, getting back to the subscriber growth. Mike?
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, Dave, so, hey, good morning, Ben. So, I think I'd just add a point, that if you look back at the first-half of the year, what Dave and his team have been doing and continue to do in terms of setting the broadband business, which is obviously extremely important to the future of the company, up for long-term success by continuing to improve our product, add innovation around it, segment the base, extend the footprint, all the things that you want to see happen, and while protecting pricing are all outstanding work in a competitive moment in time. But I think as you know, we here and Dave and his team, in particular, are thinking what are the implications for the long-term as we think about how to compete in the short-term. Going to your question on the NBC side on strikes, I'll just repeat what I said earlier, which is that we are committed to reaching a fair deal with the guilds as soon as possible. Beyond that, I'd just it's really for all involved in the industry broadly, a prolonged work stoppage and the longer it goes the worse it'll be. It's obviously going to have a negative impact all around. To your question about free cash flow, nothing to quantify in the context of our company, I mean it's all manageable. But it will shift studio working capital out of the near-term and into the future, so probably for 2023 a little bit of lower working capital, higher free cash flow, and the flipside of that in 2024. As you look at Peacock, I wouldn't point out anything in particular related to strikes and its effect in 2023 or second-half of the year. Obviously, the longer the strike the more that could have an affect as you look into 2024 and beyond, and that would be for ourselves and others, obviously. So, it's a level playing field. But to comment on Peacock in particular in the second-half, we've got a lot of strong content coming. So, we've got NFL coming back. Obviously then on top of that we have an exclusive NFL wild-card game. We're going to have Big Ten for the first time, which is fantastic on Saturday nights. In the movie slates, we've got Super Mario Bros. coming to Peacock shortly, we've got Exorcist, Five Nights at Freddy's, as Jason pointed out, coming from Blumhouse. And then on TV side, some originals, including Continental, which is related to the John Wick franchise. So, we feel very good about the strength of what we have coming in the second-half of the year content-wise. And then beyond that, on Peacock, I think there'll be a continuation of the good work that we've done inside the company to convert Comcast subscribers over to a paying subscriber status, which we're not quite halfway through that as we only got started in June on that score. So, over the remainder of the year that will also be happening. So, when you look at the doubling of Peacock subs year-over-year, and I'm optimistic about what the second-half of the year brings, feel pretty good about Peacock.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks so much.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Ben. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett: Hi. Two questions, if I could, regarding your wireless business. One, there's been some talk in the market, and there was some discussion on the Verizon call yesterday, calling, if not fully into question, at least raising some eyebrows with respect to the permanence of that contract. So, I'm just wondering if there was anything that you can say about the durability of that relationship and your confidence that that is, in fact, an irrevocable contract? And then second, you've obviously now started to subsidize handsets more frequently in line with the way the whole market really operates. I wonder if you could just talk about that a bit and talk about your views on customer lifetime value that you're seeing with new customer acquisitions given the handset subsidies and expected churn?
David Watson: Thanks, Craig. This is Dave. So, let me start with the wireless MVNO question then. So, let me start with we have a great MVNO, and really like our approach towards the business from day one, and continue to feel that way. And definitely think that cable is a material and really strong benefit to our partner. And so, have a good relationship with Verizon. And so, that continues. Really key is we have a perpetual access to all the services that we need from Verizon's network. So, it's just straightforward, that's the way it is. So, let me start with -- then let me go into the handset subsidy point. We go in, and we go out in terms of different offers. So, we've always consistently had promotions. And they come in different forms. It can be the form of gift cards, can be outright promotions that are discounts, and in some cases, a free device, but it's not every day. That's not part of our everyday game plan; we will go in and out with that. And we increasingly focus on higher-end mobile tiers, and we have a great slate there between by-the-gig, unlimited, and premium unlimited. So, we stay very focused on the core service offering, and been very strong in terms of the really consistent performance in terms of wireless growth. We really like the long runway ahead that we have and things, so we're just getting going in small business and wireless. But I think our core wireless pricing provides customers with the savings that help us compete against the telephone companies, like between 30% and 50% savings versus the telecos. And so, we got a strong position partnering mobile with broadband, got great WiFi overlay, and a strong MVNO, as I've said. So, we like our capital-light approach. We like our core service offering approach, and it's been effective.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Craig. Operator, next question please?
Operator: Certainly. Next question is coming from Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brett Feldman: Yes, thanks for taking the question. Disney has said that they are looking for, potentially, a partner to help them transition ESPN to a more direct-to-consumer model. You have a really big sports franchise as well. How are you thinking about further transitioning NBC Sports to a business that is mostly streaming? Is it something you think you would need a partner for? And maybe broadly speaking, do you think as sports businesses become more streaming-centric, there is an opportunity or need for consolidation among those platforms? Thank you.
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, Brett. It's Mike. So, I've been asked about, and read the speculation that in some way we might be interested in swapping businesses as part of what's going on in the sports space. And I would just say that that's very improbable, given the -- as you could imagine, there's tremendous issues around tax, minority shareholders, structuring generally. So, I would put aside the idea that there's anything inorganic that is likely to happen around ESPN in particular, which is what we've been asked about. When I think about our own sports business, I think we've got one of the best portfolios in sports. Saturday Night Football, Bit Ten, EPL, NASCAR, WWE, Olympics next year, PGA, so -- and we've got a very acclaimed group of people in terms of producing excellent content around those sports. So, obviously, it makes us a really strong partner to leagues and around the world, we're known for that. And I think we bring a lot to the table whenever there is a time, and that includes Sky Sports as well, obviously. So, that brings us to the table with more than money when it comes time for discussions around how rights owners want to create value for their participants. And I think we are doing a very good job, in my mind, of continuing to do that in a way that has tremendous reach, obviously through NBC in the broadcast side. We can leverage our cable nets as we've done in various sporting events using our cable nets. But really importantly is Peacock, and we looked at one of the great drivers of Peacock subscriber growth has been sports. And I think it adds to the value of the Peacock subscription, the fact that when we looked at the value of rights that are streamed inside Peacock, where it is and where it goes when you include the value of Olympics next year, it is very substantial, and would alone represent a really good deal for the consumer just sports within Peacock. So, I think that's how we see our evolution where in sports we are going to continue to be in sports and that's the game.
Brett Feldman: Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Thank you.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Brett. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Philip Cusick from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Philip Cusick: Hi, guys, thank you. Lots to talk about, one follow-up on Brett, do you think that you have the right sports rights next, or can you stretch your lead and Peacock's lead by taking more over time? And then, second, can you dig into the strong Hollywood and the weaker Orlando numbers? It looks like Orlando, just in general is little bit softer year-over-year, but we think you have been taking share, do you agree with that? And how do you see that going forward? Thanks very much.
Jason Armstrong: So, sports rights, going back to that last question, for all the reasons I said, and I will keep it shorter this time, we should -- we are always looking to see if there is ways to add more value to our business, and likewise work with our partners. So, obviously NBA is coming up. That's a fantastic property. We don't necessarily need it, given the portfolio we have, but given, it's strength and our historical involvement in the sports, something I would like to see is take a look at, as if, for instance. But we will see where that goes. And then on theme parks, we have -- you know, I think one of the best quarters we have seen, tremendous momentum in the overall portfolio, we feel very, very good about the parks business overall. Hollywood was a record on the back of Nintendo opening up; Japan doing well and a record as well there for second quarter; and Beijing, highest level of profitability. In Orlando, it is -- really compares very well to pre-pandemic. We are obviously down on attendance, which was kind of unprecedented in the back of coming of COVID, so, not surprised by that softening. That said, we are at levels of attendance and per caps being better, so that overall we feel good about what we are seeing in Orlando. We've had -- you know, with the stronger dollar you still are seeing softness of international attendance, which continues to be about 30% lower than pre-pandemic levels. We expect that to sort of continue. And on the domestic side, it's just been rebalancing with cruise lines back and people, the flipside of the dollar doing some international travel. It's the dynamics that you see in Orlando. We feel very good about what's going on there. And Brian, you can jump in here.
Brian Roberts: I just want to add that, you know, really bullish on the parks is one of the six areas, Jason mentioned that we feel are the growth driver of the company in the years ahead. We were just down in Orlando recently looking at Epic Universe, progress, and it's spectacular. What's coming in 2025, we have the two parks, the smaller parks in Vegas and outside Dallas. So, we are looking for growth in this area. We are pretty excited about the results that Jason and Mike have talked about, and I just draw your attention that the opportunity in Orlando with Epic is pretty massive, we believe.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Philip.
Philip Cusick: Thanks, guys.
Marci Ryvicker: Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from BofA Securities. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thanks. I have one maybe longer-term and one near-term, first on content, you just announced the restructuring in your content area, and with the current strike, which is kind of reminiscent of the pandemic for whole production and shutdown at least in the U.S., it seems like an opportune time to rethink your entire content strategy. So, are you thinking differently at all about how you produce, what you produce, what your costs are? And just anything you can say about how NBC you may change that approach to content in coming years? And then, on advertising, the upfront I guess is still dragging on, can you talk about what you are seeing, where there is strength and weakness, and where the dollars are being allocated to what platforms, and I think that Jason just said that Q3 advertising will be similar to Q2?
Brian Roberts: So, in terms of content, I'm really pleased, Jessica, with the elevation of couple of my partners at NBC; one of them being Donna Langley, who is one of the most respected people in Hollywood, along with -- we have great leader, Pearlena Igbokwe, who runs our TV Studios. So, I think giving them a sort of content vertical that's going to work closely with Mark Lazarus on the TV side and platform side, and Cesar Conde, our News and Telemundo, I think is going to really take advantage of the company that we have. We are going to obviously be very much focused on creating great content, but we already do create great content, I think when you look at the movie slates we've had and the TV that we produce for ourselves and others, and I think that strategy is going to continue. We are not going to be creating content exclusively for ourselves, but I think it's a great advantage for our studios to actually have platforms that can take a substantial amount, though not all, of the content that we can create, which puts us in a great position to work with all sorts of talent and creators in Hollywood and elsewhere can come work with our great leadership in our studios, and we help bring their ideas to life. In terms of cost and strategy and so forth, that's a -- we will work in the context of the industry and the buyers, and what they're looking for, and be responsive to that. But I feel very good about the way our studio businesses are set up. In terms of advertising, the ad market softened versus last year, stabilized as it came into this year and has stayed stable, and I think that would be on the back of just uncertainty about economic outlook looking forward. And I think, Jason's comments are, we don't see that condition changing as we are looking into the third quarter and second-half of the year. As you know, I think we feel good about our upfronts, despite those headwinds, our total cash and pricing levels was roughly in line with last year, and really strong related to Peacock in particular. A lot of that comes from the strength of our portfolio, as I have mentioned earlier, where we see strength around Big Ten, Sunday Night Football, Peacock, one platform and alike all things that are helpful us out quite a bit.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jessica. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Kale from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
Stephen Kale: Thank you. Just two on the connectivity side of the business, maybe first on the broadband ARPU really strong at 4.5%, I was wondering if you could help us unpack that a little bit, maybe what in there is price increase, how much do you think you are getting from customers up-tiering to faster speeds, and maybe what might be coming from core cutting some of your double play video subs go to single play Internet or Internet plus mobile bundles? And then, on the international side, where revenue growth is really strong, can you just help us think through what kind of margin contribution you get on international? You talked about more headsets in the quarter, I'm guessing those are little lower margin as is some of the U.K. connectivity stuff, but as we just think about that as a growth driver, how should we think about the margin or EBITDA contribution from international? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Got it. So, let me start with ARPU, and you hit on a couple of the key points. First off, pretty strong performance in the quarters we have said and seen 4.5%. And there are multiple drivers. There was a little bit more rate that we took early on, not why we are different, but a little bit more that we did in the beginning of the year. I think a critical one for us is pyramids. And we have third of our base, that said, a gigabit plus and that's 75%, 400 megabits are higher. That definitely impacts the overall ARPU. I think one that maybe not is understood as much is maybe as it should be, but we have a wonderful product called xFi Complete, 25% of our base has that. And let me take one sec and describe what's in it, it's a gateway, it's a great gateway that's included in the tier, with a pass to upgrading the gateway over time, you have an opportunity to do that, and advance security is included in that, unlimited is included in that, and then a coverage plan making sure your whole house is covered. So, xFi Complete is a great tier, good value to customers, and we have 25% of the base. And then, there is the bundled discount that you mentioned that when customers go to HSD-only, you use the bundled discounts, and so, all of those things factor in. So, I think it's a positive, there are multiple drivers that are helping, and the thing, Stephen, that starts with is just where the market is going, and I mentioned that before, and you have this very stable group of customers that are just using more, and over time that continues to trend up, and we have this balance of stable base and healthy ARPU growth. On international connectivity, and the margin side, so this is a great growth area for us. And you look at the -- from a revenue perspective, just starting with that, because that impacts margin. The revenue increased 26% this quarter, as Jason said in the call, and the two-thirds of that revenue comes from broadband, which continues to grow at mid-teen level, and was driven by higher level of customers and ARPU, compared to a year-ago. Remaining third is wireless, which tends to have more variable growth quarter-to-quarter due to handsets. And so, this is a solid quarter growth rate. And it will impact margins. But normalizing for mobile side of things, revenue growth, I think maybe the right level to focus on is more closer to 20% level for international connectivity. So, I think this is a strong part of the portfolio, and a definite contributor towards, as Jason as said, one of the main killers of not only just domestic broadband and mobile, but also the international broadband and mobile. Jason?
Jason Armstrong: Yes, and I think Stephen, important for us as we came into this year with the re-segmentation, how we start to present it out to the world, this was an important category. So, international connectivity, as we think about Sky and taking the brand name and reputation that they sort of earned in video and taking that into other products like broadband and wireless, the way they have, this quarter $1 billion in revenue coming from connectivity international. So, kudos to the team, and I think it's important that we've been able to highlight that at the street.
Stephen Kale: Thank you.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Steve. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question is coming from John Hodulik from UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks, guys. Maybe a couple of questions on profitability, I think maybe for Jason, first, really impressive performance on the cable side 240 bps, 47%, I mean how is the visibility into further margin expansion from here, especially given, you know, you kind of gave a couple of mix shift issues obviously more broadband like video, but also more wireless, so anything you tell us about sort of outlook there? And then, on the Peacock side, doing better in terms of losses there; is $3 billion losses for this year still the right number for Peacock? And anything you say about the sort of path to profitability beyond '23 would be great. Thanks.
Jason Armstrong: Yes, thanks, John; good question. So, on mix and margins in the connectivity business, I think we have had a fairly consistent track record if you look at the last several years of margin expansion. If you look at the core sort of legacy cable business, as we mentioned this quarter, record margin over 47%. And the factors that have contributed to that historically are in place as we look forward. I think Mike's comment upfront about being able to grow revenue, being able to grow margins; that's a key part of it. So, to your question specifically on connectivity, there is a mix shift going on, when we talk about sort of the six key growth drivers across the company, three are sort of core connectivity growth drivers, whether it's residential broadband, business services, or wireless, this is an accretive mix shift for us, as we think about the way the categories are sort of shifting and what's growing versus what's not growing. So, I would look for more of the same. I think also importantly for the team for the second consecutive quarter, every expense line in connectivity and platforms was down year-over-year, except for direct product costs, and those are the costs that directly support the connectivity and platforms, revenue growth and the categories we talked about. So, our outlook for more of the same in continued margin expansion out of the business. I think on Peacock, you are right, we came into the year, and gave guidance for roughly $3 billion in losses, no change to that. And as you see, we are pacing to that over the first couple of quarters. We've got a lot of incremental content as we think in the back-half of the year, as Mike said, so no change to that guidance.
John Hodulik: Great, thanks a lot.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, John. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Vijay Jayant from Evercore ISI. Your line is now live.
Vijay Jayant: Good morning. So, I think Jason talked about future expansion of this footprint being a high priority, and the bid dollars by state have been sort of allocated. Can you just talk about, is that really going to be a big opportunity in terms of product stating in that, and driving that footprint? Thanks.
David Watson: Yes, this is Dave. Let me jump into that. So, we operate in 39 states, where they're expected to bid subsidy money, and we are actively engaged both at the federal and state government levels. So, as the framework rules of bid participation are being developed, we are actively looking at it and working I think in a good way at all level. So, assuming satisfactory outcomes on the framework roles, we are going to be full participants in bidding where it is consistent with our business goals. But it's too early in the process for us to comment on where we'll bid. Or, the potential win rate. But we're active right now building out, edge out. So, as Jason's talked about, we are going to build out even before any bid activity. And the bid activity by the way is really going to be more rules will come out and be clarified. This is a '25-'26 kind of an impact once it clears up. But in the meantime, we're actively edging out and looking at opportunities where it's a profitable return and aggressively pursuing it. So, a million homes passed, we expect to build this year alone. So, we are going to be aggressive in the meantime. But considering -- we'll stay closely at it, and assuming the satisfactory outcome, we will be participant.
Marci Ryvicker:
. :
Operator: Our last question today is coming from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks, guys. Just to drill into broadband in little bit more detail. The shift from 1Q to Q2 was quite different from what it has been historically in terms of broadband net ads. I am wondering if you can give just a little bit more color on how much of that was muted seasonality versus some of the initiatives that you guys have been pushing on the competitive front with low end broadband offer, and the wireless bundles? And in that context, you mentioned that wireless is starting to have a bigger pull through impact on your broadband subs. There are more muted Comcast subs taking wireless. I am wondering if you can give us little bit more context around that? And then, sorry to pile on. But one last one on wireless for Jason, when we look at Verizon's wholesale revenue, it seems to have flattened over the course of the last three quarters, which suggest that maybe you are getting some gross margin expansion in the wireless business. I am wondering if that's accurate. Thank you.
David Watson: So, look -- this is David. Let me start on the broadband part and a little bit on wireless. So, as we saw the base is stable 32 million. And this is sequentially and year over year for this quarter. We also flagged -- we talked about this last quarter. We expected more normal seasonal activity so that net ads would be lower than Q1. But we also expected a more muted step down in net ads from Q1 to Q2. This is a combination of lower overall move activity. The overall macro issues that we have experienced over the past year in the market. At the same time, we did as you brought up we go in and out in terms offers. We had some offers really targeted in the multiple segments that we served, more in the lower end. And we had some traction on some of that. So, that did help. And so, we'll continue to be opportunistic throughout the year. And as I mentioned before to your point on wireless, we absolutely aggressively package mobile with broadband. And this is for new and existing customers. So, mobile is a great extension of the relationship and really profitable way to existing customers that are HSD only, so, one of the key things that we do. And I think over time, we've got to continue to stay focused on that. I think this is much of an opportunity to grow the mobile business and really help broadband. It is going to the base as well as attracting new customer. So, it's a double wind from our perspective. Jason?
Jason Armstrong: Yes. Jonathan, thanks for the question on wireless, can't speak to Verizon and their revenue trajectory. I know they have got a few different things in the wholesale revenue category beyond just cable. But I can speak to obviously the economics of our business. We are happy with it. We think it's good business for Verizon. What they said yesterday as they think about traffic and ways to fill up their network. But for us specifically, we've got a revenue stream coming in from customers. We have a wholesale deal with Verizon to accommodate that traffic where there is outflows, but then, we are also trying to offload as much traffic as we can on our own network. We've got a fairly efficient acquisition vehicle. And a lot of this is just marketed to our own broadband subscriber. So, in terms of acquisition cost, I think we are fairly efficient in the market. And then all the way down sort of closer to cash flow, this is a capital-light model, which we like. So, I will leave it there.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, Jonathan, and thank you everyone for joining us on our second quarter call.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session, and today's conference call. A replay of the call will be available starting at 11:30 AM Eastern Time today on Comcast Investor Relations Web site. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 12:25:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, operator, and welcome to our first quarter 2023 earnings call. You'll first hear from Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh and Jason Armstrong, then Dave Watson will join us and be available for Q&A. As a reminder, beginning this first quarter we have changed our presentation of segment operating results around two primary businesses; Connectivity & Platforms and Content & Experiences. For additional details please refer to our 8-K issued on March 13, which can be found on our Investor Relations website at www.cmcsa.com. I will now refer you to Slide 2 of the presentation accompanying this call, which can also be found on our investor relations website on which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer. This conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedule issued earlier this morning for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marci, and good morning, everyone. Before we get in the quarter, let me just acknowledge the news that you all saw earlier this week, obviously a tough moment. But we are so fortunate to have a fabulous and tenured leadership team at NBCUniversal. If you go down the list, you'll see many of them have been leading their divisions within the company for at least 10 years and are truly the best in the business. We're also lucky to have Mike Cavanagh step in at the helm at NBCUniversal while also remaining President. Mike is a fantastic executive and operator that many of you know well and he'll work closely with each of the management team at NBCUniversal to continue our excellent momentum. Mike, alongside with Jason Armstrong will lead these earnings calls on a go forward basis. Today, you'll hear from them about our strategic focus and drivers of growth now and over the long-term, and Jason will go into much greater details on the first quarter results. Dave Watson and I are here for the Q&A and you'll hear a lot more about the great momentum of our connectivity and platform businesses later in the call. Dave, thanks for getting off to a great start this year. So before I hand it over to Mike, I just want to share my quick perspective on our recent performance. This really was a strong quarter and start to the year, especially within the context of what continues to be a choppy macro environment. We grew adjusted EBITDA by 3% and adjusted EPS by 7%. In addition, we generated $3.8 billion of free cash flow and returned $3.2 billion of capital to shareholders, all while continuing to invest importantly in a number of major initiatives, which is a real testament to our very healthy balance sheet. Two things amongst many highlights in particular that stand out for me and I'm really proud of, one is the animation business. By strengthening and combining our capabilities across DreamWorks and Illumination led by Chris Meledandri, we've had tremendous success creating franchises that people know and love all over the world. Despicable Me, Shrek, Pets, Minions, and more recently Puss in Boots, and now Super Mario Bros., which just broke a number of records including the biggest worldwide opening of any animated film all time. These are the results of the strategic decision we made years ago to become a leader in animation and the conviction we've had to continue to invest in the business even during the depths of the pandemic, which are now clearly paying off. The second is Connectivity & Platforms. The significant margin expansion that we achieved this quarter, coupled with a 4.5% ARPU growth in domestic residential broadband demonstrates successful discipline and excellent management in a challenging competitive environment. We're focused on delivering a superior experience and profitably serving our customers and it shows. And with that, let me now hand the call over to Mike.
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks Brian. We had a great start to 2023 and have set ourselves up for another strong year. We have amazing talent at all levels of our company and DNA that fosters creativity and collaboration, resulting in operational excellence that is second to none. Couple that with our position as a scaled leader in very large and profitable markets with tens of millions of customers paying us over a $100 per month, as well as hundreds of millions of TV and streaming viewers, and we have an extremely healthy balance sheet enabling us to invest in all of our strategic opportunities and for great returns, while also returning a healthy amount of capital to shareholders. As pleased as we are with our results in the first quarter, any company's performance in a quarter is just a milestone of progress against a longer term strategy and plan. And so before we dive deeper into the details of the last few months, I'd like to spend a few minutes talking about the drivers of our growth over the longer term and where we're focusing most of our time and resources. I put these in four buckets, residential connectivity, business services connectivity, our theme parks and experiences and our premium content creation. I'll start with residential connectivity, which is comprised of domestic broadband, domestic wireless and international connectivity. Broadband is a fantastic business. It's a great product for the consumer and demand continues to rise. People are connecting more and more devices to our network and they're consuming a tremendous amount of data. Right now, the average monthly data usage for a broadband customer that doesn't take video from us is nearly 700 gigabytes, and there is a related increase in the importance of reliability and speed with roughly one third of our customers at one gigabit or higher and nearly three quarters at or above 400 megabits. For us, the consumer's already high and increasing level of expectation for their broadband experience is an important trend. And while the marketplace is competitive, such that adding subs in the near-term is likely to be a challenge. I fully expect we will eventually return to subscriber growth. We have the best handout there to win against all the competing technologies, whether it's fiber or fixed wireless. We view fiber as our long-term competitor. We've been successfully competing against fiber for about 20 years, yet still built a base of 32 million broadband customers over this time period.
DOCSIS: A more recent competitor is fixed wireless, which we view as a substandard and temporary solution for a certain segment based on their needs at this moment in time. Our approach is to compete rationally. We know how to segment the market. We have packages that cater to customers who want the very fastest speeds and premium features and others that are more targeted to those looking for value-oriented solutions. We trialed a couple of offers targeted to this lower end during the quarter. We were pleased with the results and will continue to remain nimble and respond competitively in each segment. In the meantime, as the residential connectivity market and macroeconomic environment continue to evolve, our focus will be on serving our existing base, growing broadband ARPU, increasing our penetration and wireless and making proactive investments to expand our footprint at the fastest pace in our history. You saw us do this all of last year and in the first quarter, and I expect this trend to continue. Our second major growth opportunity, business services, which is approaching $10 billion in annual revenue, is growing at mid-single digits with newly reported margins just shy of 60% and delivering adjusted EBITDA growth in the high single digit range. Here too our advanced and adaptable network infrastructure is much better suited to serving commercial and government locations compared to the legacy wire line and wireless providers. We move fast and are more capable of reliably and cost effectively meeting our customer's needs. We already have over 2.5 million domestic business customers, more than any other competitor and are targeting a $50 billion market opportunity within our footprint and a $70 billion to $100 billion total market opportunity that we can now go after by leveraging our technology and partners outside of our footprint. Our third major growth opportunity is in creating experiences from our own intellectual property as well as special IP that we license from others and bring to life at our theme parks, like Harry Potter or Nintendo's characters like Mario. Our parks are resonating with our customers and this segment is clearly on a roll. Japan has come roaring back and Beijing returned to profitability following last year, when both were operating under COVID-related restrictions. And on the domestic side, Orlando continues to do well and Hollywood just opened Super Nintendo World with great success. This outstanding performance provides us with even more confidence that the investments we are making in new lands and attractions will also generate strong returns and I'm excited for what's to come. Donkey Kong, another Nintendo land to open in Japan in 2024, Epic Universe in Orlando in 2025, as well as the smaller park concepts that we recently announced, a horror themed experience in Las Vegas, and a new park in Texas that's specifically designed for younger guests and their families. Our fourth growth area is content and especially on the streaming side. We have a decade's deep library of iconic films and television and we spend over $20 billion each year to produce and provide programming that spans every genre; sports, news, entertainment, dramas and film, which has resulted in the broadest reach of any media company. Over 100 million people engage with our content every month. In film we were number two in the worldwide box office last year with Jurassic, Minions and Halloween. And based on the current course we are trending to do even better in 2023. We've started the year off with home runs and terrific momentum, carryover from Puss in Boots, the success from Megan and now Super Mario Bros., which in just three weekends has already crossed $875 million at the global box office. We're really proud of our animation business. We've been in the movie business for a hundred years and it's exciting how we've been able to create and monetize our entire movie slate in animation and beyond and in so many ways, including the innovative changes we've made in movie windowing. We made the strategic decision to put our Pay-One window on Peacock, which really kicked in at the end of last year. We now have one of the most robust movie offerings on streaming. The hits we have at the box office roll onto Peacock, and this is proving to be both a successful acquisition and retention tool. Add to that the strength of content from our TV studio, which powers the content on NBC and helped make us number one for many years from all the Dick Wolf procedurals and SNL coupled with highly popular content on Bravo, this all goes to Peacock the next day. Add to this our originals where we're just getting started. Shows like Poker Face, which launched and immediately landed near the top of Nielsen's U.S. Streaming Original List and we have lots more coming. On top of all this we have an incredible lineup of sports; Sunday Night Football, Premier League, and soon Big 10. We believe we have the right strategy for Peacock and one that's suited to our strengths. Premium content with a dual revenue stream, both advertising and subscription fees, and we're encouraged by our results so far, growing paid subscribers and engagement levels to roughly 20 hours per subscriber per month fueling strong growth in advertising revenues. We're investing, but the results we are seeing give us confidence that we are on the right path for Peacock to break even and grow from there. Looking across our entire organization, I couldn't think of a more advantageous position to be in to monetize the increasing expectations and demand, as well as the changing habits of the global consumer. We're the best broadband company with the best content that can be accessed over the best distribution and aggregation platforms. I'm excited about all of our areas of growth. Together, they represent the majority of our revenue and our businesses with high incremental margins. As a result, these growth areas should become the dominant driver of our financial results for years to come. With that, I'll hand it over to Jason to talk about the quarter.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks Mike and good morning everyone. In late February we announced that starting this quarter we will be reporting our results in two reportable business units; Connectivity & platforms and Content & Experiences, more closely align our like-minded businesses, reflect how we run our company and highlight our opportunities for growth as a globally integrated content distribution company. We're also providing more disclosure around areas that have become increasingly important to our overall results, namely Business Services and Peacock. Let's start with our consolidated first quarter results on Slide 4. Total company revenue of $29.7 billion declined 4% due to the tough comparison to last year's Winter Olympics and Super Bowl, as well as the negative impact of foreign currency. While our total company adjusted EBITDA grew 3% thanks to continued strong operating leverage at our high margin Connectivity & Platforms business. Excluding the impacts of the Winter Olympics and Super Bowl and adjusting for constant currency, total company revenue increased 1.5%. We grew adjusted earnings per share by 7% to $0.92 and generated $3.8 billion of free cash flow while returning $3.2 billion of capital to shareholders in the first quarter. This is in addition to significant investments to support and grow our businesses, including our transition to DOCSIS 4.0 and footprint expansion in broadband, the construction of Epic, as well as consistent flow of new lands and attractions at our theme parks, and content production at our studios, which feeds into Peacock, a robust third party licensing opportunity and a really successful film business. When taken together, these investment areas generated over half of total company revenue in the first quarter with growth of 10% year-over-year. Now let's turn to our business results starting on Slide 5 with Connectivity & Platforms. As a reminder, our largest foreign exchange exposure is the British pound, which was down over 9% year-over-year. So in order to highlight the underlying performance of the business, I'll speak to our results at Connectivity & Platforms on a constant currency basis. Revenue was flat this quarter, but this is worth unpacking. Our core connectivity revenues, residential and business grew over 7% to $10 billion, while video, advertising and other revenues declined 7% to $9.8 billion. Year-over-year we generated 160 basis points of margin expansion for Connectivity & Platforms on a total basis. This is reflective of our strategy of investing in and driving growth in high margin businesses while protecting profitability in businesses with secular headwinds through disciplined cost control. To get into more detail, residential connectivity revenue grew by 8% with 5% growth in domestic broadband, 27% growth in wireless, and 18% growth in international. In business services connectivity revenue continued to grow at a healthy mid-single digit pace. Our domestic residential broadband customer base this quarter remained stable over both the last year and in the quarter with churn remaining below pre-pandemic levels. While we had some success towards the end of the quarter with a couple of offers targeting the lower end of the market, the broadband environment remains highly competitive right now, particularly at the lower end. And as such, our view remains that 2023 will be a challenging period for us to add subs. Our outlook for growth and our strategy has been consistent. We will compete aggressively, but do so in a financially disciplined way. While we expect to return to growth in broadband subscribers over time, during this interim period as well as over the longer-term, we will focus on protecting and growing broadband ARPU and we're pleased with the 4.5% year-over-year increase in ARPU in the quarter. We expect continued strong revenue growth over the course of 2023 and expect ARPU will be the primary driver. Growth in domestic wireless revenue was a function of higher service revenue, driven by continued strong momentum in customer lines, which are up 1.4 million or 32% year-over-year to 5.7 million in total, including the 355,000 lines we just added, which was a record high for a first quarter. There is clearly demand for a converged offering that delivers reliable and fast speeds both in and out of the home. We are extremely well positioned to take advantage of this trend and have a long runway for growth as less than 10% of our broadband accounts currently take our mobile offering. A new disclosure category for us is international connectivity. Roughly two two-thirds of international connectivity revenue is broadband growing at mid-teens levels. The remaining one-third is wireless, of which a big portion comes from device sales and therefore tends to fluctuate with the timing of device launches. The rest of wireless is service revenue, which is growing nicely due to additional customer lines and healthy ARPU growth. The strong revenue growth in our connectivity businesses was offset by declines in video due to customer losses relative to last year. In other revenue reflecting similar dynamics in wire line voice and in advertising, which was impacted by a tough macro environment in addition to lower political revenue in our domestic markets. On the expense side, every expense line item declined in the first quarter with the exception of direct product costs, which are success based and directly associated with the significant growth in our connectivity businesses. The strong execution by the team to deliver sustainable operating efficiencies coupled with solid growth in our high margin connectivity businesses, resulted in Connectivity & Platforms EBITDA growth of 4% to $8.1 billion and as I mentioned a moment ago, an adjusted margin expanding 160 basis points year-over-year. And that is despite some temporary margin headwinds in our international business associated with some pressure on revenue due to a challenging macro environment and higher programming costs for sports channels, which were up this year given the timing of events. Margin for our domestic legacy cable business improved 250 basis points reaching a record high of 46.5%. We've added disclosure this quarter and going forward to break down profitability between residential and business services, residential Connectivity & Platforms EBITDA grew 3% with margin improving 140 basis points to reach 37.8% highlighting favorable revenue mix shifts. Business services connectivity EBITDA grew 8% with margin expanding 150 basis points to reach 58.3%. Over the years we've talked about business services as a driver of margin accretive growth, and we're excited to augment our disclosure in this area for the first time. Our results in the quarter and our new reporting structure clearly show that. This is a business that generated over $5 billion of EBITDA in 2022 with substantial growth ahead and should be a material contributor to our growth profile in Connectivity & Platforms and overall. Wrapping up on Connectivity & Platforms, I'm proud of the team successfully navigating a transition in which we're managing businesses that have secular headwinds with an appropriately high level of cost discipline, while investing in others that clearly have strong revenue growth and margin characteristics. Now let's turn to Content & Experiences on Slide 6. Content & Experiences revenue decreased nearly 10%, reflecting the difficult comparison to last year, which included $1.5 billion of revenue from the Winter Olympics and the Super Bowl reported in our Media segment. And EBITDA decreased 1%, as a record first quarter at parks and strong studio growth driven by a successful film slate was offset by the planned increase in our Peacock investment as well as lower linear advertising sales. Unpacking these results further Media revenue decreased 21% on an as reported basis and 2% when excluding the Olympics and Super Bowl, primarily due to 6% decline in domestic advertising reflecting softness in the overall ad market, which appears to have stabilized, offset somewhat by strong growth in Peacock advertising revenue. When you exclude Olympics and Super Bowl, Peacock advertising increased an impressive 90%. Domestic distribution revenue decreased 8%, but was up 4%, excluding the Olympics driven by Peacock with distribution revenue up 83%. In total Peacock revenue increased by 45% to $685 million led by strong growth in paid subscribers, which were up over 60% year-over-year, ending the quarter with nearly 22 million paid subs, which marked another terrific milestone on our path to scaling the service. We're encouraged with the trends we're seeing at Peacock. While we've proven that special content and major events like the World Cup at the end of last year can be significant acquisition drivers, perhaps equally or even more important is sustaining engagement following this type of acquisition content and delivering on retention. We saw that in the first quarter and we look forward to reporting further momentum in the enhanced disclosures we're now providing for Peacock, including the revenue breakdown between advertising and distribution and costs separated by programming and production versus marketing promotion and other. Another new category that we added to our Media disclosure is international networks. This is mainly distribution revenue for Sky Sports and the low single digit revenue increase in the quarter was driven by higher distribution revenue, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign currency translation. Other revenue decreased 21% due to lower content licensing. Media EBITDA decreased 26%, including a $704 million EBITDA loss at Peacock. We view Media as one business, and while we have made cost reductions at our linear networks, we reallocated some of these resources to Peacock with the goal of maximizing profitability over the short and long-term across streaming and linear. We continue to expect Peacock losses for the year to be around $3 billion, which we believe will be peak losses for Peacock and then begin to steadily improve. At Studios, this was a great quarter for our film slate with strong theatrical revenue growth, driven by the successful carryover from Puss in Boots Last Wish, which launched at the end of the fourth quarter, as well as new releases such as Megan and Cocaine Bear. While revenue growth was partially offset by lower content licensing at our television studios, the momentum in our film business drove a 13% increase in Studio EBITDA, which also included marketing and promotion expense associated with the April 5th release of Super Mario Bros., which is fueling a strong start to our second quarter. At Theme Parks, revenue grew 25% and EBITDA 46% to $658 million, thanks to a continued rebound following the lift of COVID restrictions and a testament to the significant investments we've made at our parks. While demand and financial results were strong across the board, our international parks drove most of the growth this quarter. With Japan no longer impacted by COVID restrictions, our park in Osaka continued to rebound and we are seeing significant demand for Super Nintendo World, which we opened in early 2021. But given the COVID-related restrictions that were in place, many people couldn't visit the park. Our park in Beijing was also impacted by COVID-related restrictions last year and is now growing at a very healthy rate. Beijing showed strong year-over-year improvement and was profitable in the quarter despite normal winter seasonal headwinds. On the domestic side Hollywood enjoyed record first quarter results due to the very successful opening of Super Nintendo World, while Orlando continues to trend above pre-pandemic levels. I'll now wrap up with free cash flow and capital allocation on Slide 7. As I mentioned previously, we generated $3.8 billion in free cash flow this quarter and achieved this while absorbing a high level of working capital and making meaningful investments in our network and theme parks. These investments drove a 37% increase in total capital spending, primarily driven by higher CapEx.
DOCSIS 4.0,: Content & Experiences CapEx increased by $343 million, driven by parks, with Epic accounting for the majority of this quarter's increase in spend. As we noted on our year end call, we expect parks CapEx in 2023 to increase by around $1.2 billion, remain elevated in 2024, and then decrease in 2025 the year we open Epic. Wrapping up, since this is my first quarter as CFO, let me reiterate our capital allocation framework. First is to invest for growth in our businesses. We've talked through many examples today, Epic, our broadband network, streaming and aggregation to name a few. Second is to protect our balance sheet position with targeted leverage of around 2.4 times. This is an optimal level we believe to maintain broad and deep capital markets access through a cycle balanced prudently with the opportunity for enhanced levered equity returns. Third is to return cash to shareholders. I'm proud that we bought back 12 billion of stock in the last 12 months, including 2 billion in this quarter, shrinking our share count by 7% in that timeframe in addition to a healthy and growing dividend, which we just increased by over 7% in January. With that, I'll turn the call back to Marci for Q&A. Marci?
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jason. Operator, let's open up the call for questions please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. Two questions, one on NBC and one on wireless. This is probably for Mike. Mike, when you look at NBCUniversal, you got probably businesses that are doing better than ever when you look at parks and your studio, and obviously there's a lot of disruption in the media business, and I'm just wondering, given the management change and sort of your broader role, is this an opportunity to revisit that business strategically, operationally, from a cost structure point of view, just with fresh eyes? I realize you've been obviously President and watching that business for some time, but just wanted to hear your thoughts just given all that's going on at NBC? And then maybe for Dave, the wireless business is continuing to scale. You talked about demand for current converged offers being clear and strong. What are your ambitions here as you look through the rest of 2023 to continue to accelerate the growth in that business? How do you guys drive that penetration of your broadband base meaningfully higher? Thanks everybody.
Michael Cavanagh: HeyBen, it's Mike, so I'll jump in. Thanks for the question. So I appreciate the comment. I have been here, it's hard to believe, it's going to be in two weeks, I've been here two or three weeks eight years as partner to Brian and the rest of the leadership team. So it is correct that I've been close to all these things, not just recently as President for the last half year or so, but really since I joined. So in thinking about the strategies of NBC, I would think the way you should think about it is the way we operate across the businesses, including NBC, is that the strategies were developed by the entire leadership team. Brian mentioned how great a team we have across the diverse collection of business parks, studios, TV, streaming services, news, sports. So you can imagine that strategies are put together by those teams of leaders, obviously in conjunction with the ultimate leader and then with Brian and myself. So we've been deeply involved for a long, long time in what those strategies are all about and in tracking how we're doing. So, while it's unfortunate to have an unexpected change in leadership, I would tell you it is not, there is no reason for anyone to think that we're going to be revisiting strategy as a result of that. It's all by itself. Well obviously we act as the environment around us changes, but as you pointed out, the businesses are performing really well right now. So job number one for me is to just settle things down and make sure the businesses and the business leaders at NBCU remain focused on the job at hand. And I feel actually into the first several days of this, that that's well underway and I frankly don't think the business is going to miss a beat. With that, I'll hand it over to Dave.
David Watson: Thank you Mike, and hello Ben. So on wireless, wireless continues to be a key part of our overall strategy. Stepping back for a second, we really like the start to the year in our trajectory. This quarter we set another first quarter record in net line additions of 355,000 and so this puts us at the 5.7 million line. So good start to the year, and we're still less than 10% penetrated to broadband. So it gives us a long runway ahead and to your point of looking out to 2023. But our strategy is to focus very much on our core service offerings of, by the gig which we still have and use, unlimited tiers, and it gives us a strong, real strong value proposition to all segments that we serve. So it's important to note that we leverage mobile in all aspects of how we go to market, in acquisition, base management and retention. And so mobile does very well in all three, but as Connects are a little bit softer through this cycle, base management has been very strong as we go to existing customers and provide a great upgrade opportunity for them. So our pricing focus is our core services, but we do go in and out in terms of promotions with gift cards, some device subsidies that we've historically done, really no different there, but we also had a $50 combined broadband mobile offering that all helped. There was a little bit of a lift there and a great value message to the existing base. So yes, long-term, less than 10 10% penetration. Lot of upside for us in wireless and a large revenue pool that we have that I think a unique position given our broadband network is ubiquitous. Our go-to market mobile opportunity is ubiquitous within our footprint. And so you look at it, there's upside in residential and commercial, there's domestic and international upside with mobile. There's an opportunity for us to consider long-term cost side with offloading traffic.
MVNO:
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks everybody.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Ben. Operator, next question please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett: Hi, two questions if I could. First you reported really exceptional margins in what would have been your old domestic cable business. I'm wondering if you could just talk about the contribution to that improvement from wireless. The extent to which wireless is either offsetting the customer acquisition cost or just the gross margin rate and how that's impacting margins overall? And then on the NBCU side, the NBA playoffs have had exceptionally good ratings and there's been a lot of talk about your potential interest in the NBA. I wonder if you could just discuss that a bit and maybe just talk about what role sports might play as you go forward with Peacock and your NBC business.
Jason Armstrong: Hey thanks Craig. It's Jason. Let me start with the margin question and I'll turn it over to Dave after that for some follow up and then over to Mike on the NBA question. So on margins overall, I'm pleased with the quarter. Obviously we grew connectivity margins broadly by 160 basis points year-over-year. We've said in the domestic cable business margins are up 250 basis points to a record 46.5%. So really strong margin performance. I think when we look at the drivers of that, number one, mix shift high margin businesses, i.e. the connectivity businesses, broadband, business services, wireless, sort of in that category, say $10 billion book of business growing at 7% and it's margin accretive. In addition to that really strong expense management by Dave and the team, if you look at every expense category outside of direct product costs, which are the costs that go in to feed the connectivity business growth, every single category down year-over-year. So I think really strong performance on margins in general. As we look at wireless in particular, I put it in the broad bucket of the connectivity category. It obviously supports and augments broadband, which is one of our, if not highest margin products, and so wireless is a contributor to that.
David Watson: Hey, Craig, Dave here. So it does start, if you look at the domestic margins, the 250 basis points and the 46.5%, there's a host of things. This all starts, as Jason said, with the margin accretive connectivity businesses, both residential and commercial. I think that we continue to benefit. There are -- transactional activity is lowered. A lot of this is just constantly being focused on the customer experience and taken out unnecessary transactions that continues. But we also very disciplined and stay focused on fixed costs, so that, we look at every part of the business in terms of opportunities to do a good job, be competitive, be aggressive, but also take out unnecessary costs. And then, there's also, one of the things, I think the great things that Cable does, and we've been focused at Comcast is we leverage our existing network, our great network, and our operational capabilities to do new lines of business. Business services is a great example of that, but wireless is another one of which our existing sales channels, our existing capabilities in an MVNO light way, it just is, it's a big part of the connectivity story. So I think we do well when we can leverage our strength and, and our strength will continue to be our network and our go-to-market approaches that we've done, I think a pretty good job over the years. But everything we do, inbound sales, digital, we leverage wireless.
Michael Cavanagh: And Craig, it's Mike. On NBA obviously a tremendous product and the playoffs are great. I think the negotiations there, that's ways out, but obviously NBC Sports does a great job partnering with the leagues we partner with, broadcast, streaming and otherwise. So time will tell, but as we look at things we always look at an overall financial envelope what's the right portfolio of overall sports rights we want to have and do that in a way that, as we've said, and Jason said earlier, we manage our linear and broadcast and Peacock as one business. So that's the way we would look at any of the rights that are out there in the future.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Craig. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson: Oh, thanks so much. Two questions for Dave actually, first on broadband. I'm just curious, both from a competition standpoint and health of the consumer viewpoint, how voluntary and involuntary churn are trending, and how the base reacted to the price increase this cycle versus prior cycles? And then, secondly, I know it's relatively recent, but I'm just curious on the plan upgrades with 10 G launched in February and progress in 40 markets, that was highlighted in the slideshow. If there's any kind of practical experience in the marketplace as to, how the network is reacting and how the consumer is reacting post upgrades? Thanks.
David Watson: Well, thanks Doug. So starting with competition and churn, so the overall, the environment is, there's still, as I mentioned, overall transactional activity in general is down and there's two parts of that. One is, as you brought up, there's, it continues to be pretty intense competitively. That's been the case for a while, but also there's just less activity period with less moves. And so the thing that it really stands out, continues to be the case that our churn is near record lows in terms of compared to pre-pandemic period. So we're not seeing in terms of churn, any material spikes when it comes to competition. We are seeing an impact in terms of connects. And so, some of that is the transactional activity, some of it is competitive pressure, but it's more felt on the connect side of things and a little bit more on video as we have less video attachment on that side. But broadband, you look at our broadband base, we have a very stable base, 32 million residential broadband customers, churn, very healthy and certainly lower than pre-pandemic period times. We watch the competitive landscape every day. And so while certain fixed wireless, the fiber group, but we continue to fare well in terms of the kind of all tiers and in terms of churn. So it's not -- we haven't seen a spike in voluntary or the non-pay in regards to the economy.
DOCSIS 4.0. At the end of the year we'll be testing it and I think next year will be a pretty big year for that.: But every step of the way, we're delivering increased value. And it's where the customer is going in terms of the increased focus, every application of streaming, of gaming. And you look at where the customer is today, the 700 gigabytes in terms of HSD-only consumption, events like the Thursday Night Football that just caused a spike, and then yesterday that Man City against Arsenal, Peacock, having a great Premier League match to see a little bit of a bump in terms of broadband usage. So there's going to be more of that. The customer is going to do more with broadband, not less. And so I think that serves us well long-term competitively, and we'll continue to be a champion of every single broadband great application as they come along.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you.
Brian Roberts: This is Brian. I just want to add one thought. The last point Dave made, I think you did a fabulous job explaining it. I just want to underscore how much I personally believe that, that's what makes us in a great position. If you think about less linear and more streaming, is that trend going to continue? Absolutely. It seems very, very likely. And who is best positioned to provide more and more capacity, and this path to 10G, we have a north star that we -- the team has created. We know what we want to bring to customers over the next several years. And as more and more needs come about, we're going to be the network there to deliver. So we're the provider of all that connectivity is a really special place to be.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks Doug. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with BofA Securities. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Oh, thank you. I have a bigger NBCU question and smaller cable. But Mike, you're the President of Comcast and the Head of NBCU, so two giant jobs. Is this a permanent solution? And in the meantime, obviously, the media landscape has changed drastically since you guys bought NBCU over a decade ago. So can you address the cyclical and secular challenges as well as opportunities, including, but I'm certainly not limiting it to a pending WGA strike, Disney's battle in Florida with Governor DeSantis that might affect Universal theme parks, the scale needed to compete in direct-to-consumer and the range of Hulu outcomes that would significantly affect your business, whether it's scaling up or cash coming in the door? And then the smaller cable question, sorry, is the video loss is accelerating? Do you have a point of view -- does this trend continue or is there a level of stability that you expect?
Michael Cavanagh: Okay, Jessica, it's Mike. So I'll dive in. I think the short answer to the question is that I think what -- the way me stepping in to oversee NBC is quite sustainable. And why I say that is as President, I was already overseeing all of this and close to the people that run the NBC businesses and the Cable businesses and the corporate areas. And I think what's really important to understand is that we've got high-quality operators and leaders in all of the seats around the company: Philadelphia, L.A., New York, Orlando and so forth. So while I'll have to work a little harder and frankly, I'm energized to do so because I look forward actually to spending time getting closer to the NBCU businesses and spending more time deeper in them and with the leaders there. And frankly, since I'm going to be here for a long time, I actually think that's good for me and good for the company over the long-term. So I would put no timetable at all on -- no time pressure to do anything other than make sure the businesses hum, which they're -- that's what they're doing right now, and that's what I see continuing. And maybe someday, we'll think there's a better way to approach it, but I'll never be moving far away from the businesses no matter what. And I'm going to own the outcome anyway it turns out. So I think -- think of me as being there for a while. In terms of the cyclical versus secular and the laundry list there of all the things we're dealing with, I'd say all that's embedded in the plans that we have. When you think about our Content & Experiences businesses, you think about our Parks business, which is just doing tremendously well, and we've got tremendous growth investments behind that. And it had nothing to do with the challenges for eyeballs and the movement of traditional television to different forms of consumer consumption. So think of parks as  put it aside, I think, it is an incredibly valuable and growing business. And then I think in the traditional TV businesses, we're -- that's why we're -- exactly why we're doing Peacock. And remember, we're at 22 million subs now. We were 20 when we ended last year. We were at 15 when we ended the third quarter of last year. So I think we're really pleased as we're one quarter into 2023 to have held level of engagement in the product, hours watched and so forth and kept churn very low. As we look ahead, some really good content coming later in the balance of the year. So on track, and then some. We'll have our role to pay and Comcast customers coming over to in more the second half of the year. So I think we feel really good about the strategy of how we're managing on the Media business side. And then really on Studios, you look at -- Brian covered it, but you look at the power of our Studios, both film and television and they're incredibly strong, and leadership is excellent. And the -- Brian mentioned animation, but we've got Fast 10 coming out in a couple of weeks. We've had great hits on the television side and more to come. So I think that's also, I think, a strategy around Studios that is -- and we've stayed, as we've said, agnostic, I guess, to whether it's the word to use, whether things need to necessarily end on our platforms, Peacock or linear or someone else's. So I think there's durable value in that side of things sort of no matter how some of these trends work out. And I'll leave it at that and talk more some other day about some of the details. I'm not going to talk about Hulu. And on strikes, we certainly hope that we find an equitable outcome that avoids a strike, and that's what our team is planning for. Over to you, Dave.
David Watson: You got it. Hey Jessica, Dave here. So on video, we continue to segment the marketplace. We have a lot of options. But the main point that has really developed is the video attachment being down. And so there -- and our rate approach is to not subsidize unprofitable video relationships. And I've shifted some time ago anticipating how things evolve that are focusing on the overall relationship and the connectivity opportunity. So the main -- one of the key points, though, that to make sure that folks understand, we did see certainly an uptick in customers dropping video. But we've also seen these customers that are retaining broadband. And so our full disconnect churn, video and broadband, remains at record low levels and is down nearly 25% since the pre-pandemic period. So we're able to have managed through the cycle and still there's some video packaging that we're going to be very focused on and based on the segment and we'll fight hard, whether it's acquisition, base management or retention. So it's important to us, but we have figured out a way to manage it financially. And if you look at broadband, the net result is broadband is faring well and holding the line in terms of the base. And so as things continue to and evolve more towards streaming, I think we're in a great position there. And we also have invested in our platforms. So we have the platforms of Flex. We have X1 and the new Charter JV with Xumo that we feel great about long-term. So yes, the video losses did a bit of an uptick, but we did offset it with some of these platform relationships that I think long-term are going to be very important.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks Jessica. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brett Feldman: Yes thanks. It's sort of a two-part question about connectivity CapEx. You seem pretty comfortable that you can continue this pace of footprint expansion within that CapEx profile you previously talked about. You also seem pretty happy with the traction you're having as you broaden the footprint. So I'm curious how you think about the merits of maybe building even faster, whether that's organically or if you would simply be waiting to see whether it makes sense to participate in some of these government subsidy programs. And then I think in the past, you provided some statistics about this enormously high share of your customers' true mobile traffic that happens in a very small portion of your geographic footprint. And that data point alone would imply that there's a very high ROI associated with deploying your own mobile infrastructure and bringing that on net. And you obviously have all the resources you need to do that, including spectrum. I'm curious why that hasn't happened yet? Or what would be the circumstances under which that could become a really attractive use of incremental capital investment in the connectivity business?
Jason Armstrong: Brett, it's Jason. I'll start out with the CapEx question and then tag team with Dave on mobile offloading. So on CapEx, we guided for the year to 10% capital intensity. That's flat year-over-year last year for Connectivity & Platforms. We rounded out the year at 10%, so flat year-over-year. If you think about the big categories that sort of contribute to capital intensity in that business, it's customer premise equipment, scalable infrastructure and line extensions. Customer premise equipment is actually an area we're getting some relief from. Scalable infrastructure, that's where our DOCSIS -- that's basically existing infrastructure where we're augmenting capabilities. That's where DOCSIS 4.0 and our mid-splits. That's an area where, obviously, we're doing a lot more in the next couple of years. And then line extensions, I think you got it right. That's where we're extending our footprint to go serve new geographies, whether it's residential or business services. Within that, we've guided for the year 850,000 new builds last year, goes up to 1 million this year. So that's a 20% increase in what we're doing there, all accommodated for -- with similar capital intensity year-over-year. So I think we're really operating the business at an efficient level, given everything that's going on surrounding the network. I think to your question on doing even more as we look at some of the programs that are coming our way, if you look at prior programs and sort of our distinct advantages in the market, I would step back and say, as you look at product technology, management and cost of capital, those are things that should define an advantage for us in economics of new builds or overbuilds. It was a little bit muted in the prior cycle if you look at sort of the economic cycle we were in and low cost of capital, which created, we think, a pretty frothy capital markets environment, which led a lot of companies to stare at economics that may have been better temporarily than they might be over the longer term as well as newer government programs that were sort of, in our view, unseasoned in terms of the process. So it kept us out of a lot of the prior programs. As we look at this going forward with capital markets activity, cost of capital going up a little bit, I think everything sort of plays to our strengths. So the 850,000 going to 1 million this year, we'd welcome it probably going higher over time.
Michael Cavanagh: It's Mike. I would just add in that we're not looking to manage within the around 11% as a constraint, but rather to Jason's point, I think we can handle going to the 1 million, which is great. And we see good economics in that, but would welcome it if the day came along that we thought spending more with -- on incremental passings would be good return. So...
David Watson: This is Dave. So Brett, we like the trajectory. Both Jason and Mike mentioned the 1 million. It's early, but off to a good start. I feel good about that. And really, the three buckets, the existing footprint within existing cable footprint and as things pick up in terms of housing and new construction, then we'll be right there, the hyper builds for commercial and then these edge outs, which is where some of the subsidies are there. So we're -- we feel good about it, very focused. And we'll take a disciplined approach, and it's been great, the support that we have in terms of every opportunity, we'll go for it and -- but we'll expect historical returns. On the mobile offload, we think this is a really interesting and good opportunity potentially based on how things are. We've said, I think, 60%, the traffic around 3% of our footprint. And that is -- we're staring at that constantly. So we're testing. We have a -- we go arm in arm with Charter looking at some of these results in terms of how things are going. We do have a fantastic capital light MVNO that serves us very well. I think great for the partner, good for us long-term. But we'll continue to stare at the marginal cost improvements of offloading these dense traffic areas. So we're staying on it, and we'll -- more to come on that, but we will be testing that throughout the year.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, Brett. Operator, we'll take our last question please.
Operator: We'll go next to Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.
Philip Cusick: Thanks for getting me in guys. Two if I can. May be first following up on broadband, Jason, you mentioned success from a low-end broadband product at the end of the quarter. How do you see the return on that and is it something you plan to sustain? How should we think about the impact in the second quarter versus typical seasonality? And then second, you mentioned that Orlando is trending above pre-COVID. Can you talk about recent trends in the domestic parks? Any indication of attendance shifts or costs? Thanks very much.
David Watson: Phil, Dave. Let me start with kind of the offer approach and then the impact as we go into Q2, just providing overall perspective. But when you take a step back, we are still in the environment that I've mentioned, still the base, overall broadband base very stable in terms of the turn, less the connect pressure that we've seen. So -- but overall, it's tied to a better churn than where we were pre-pandemic. So -- but we take a very disciplined approach. We segment the market, and we go in and out with offers. So we did have an offer that was available in the marketplace where, for broadband only, at $25 and then a $50 combined mobile. And so we saw an uptick. It was positive. And so it's something that we constantly are doing coming in and out in terms of service offerings. We also remain very focused, what we talked about earlier around the high end and never losing sight that there's a mix of tiers that are really important to the base. And so we're just focused on 1 gig, and we do -- with part of the segmentation approach is going to the marketplace and one third of our customers do take that 70 -- almost 75% of our customers take 400 megabits and above. So there's a blend that ends up happening, and that's why you saw a pretty good ARPU growth in terms of broadband. But we'll go in and out with offers in terms of things. We'll be nimble, respond competitively to every single segment. I think there's more action with fixed wireless on the low end and that -- the offer served us well. As you go into seasonality and you look at the second quarter, we are seeing typical seasonality, especially in regions like Florida. So you're going to see a step down in net adds from Q1 to Q2. And -- but I don't think you can extrapolate exact performance from historical levels. But directionally, net adds will be lower in Q2, so just to be clear.
Jason Armstrong: Just to round out the question on broadband, Phil, because it's a good one. In this type of competitive environment, I think one of the key questions for us and the team is can we segment the base appropriately to sort of tactically respond at the low end but without disrupting the broader base. And one of the things I'm most proud of this quarter from the team is 4.5% ARPU growth, which I think really points to that.
Michael Cavanagh: And it's a nice feel to finish on parks because the business overall is really rocking, as you can tell. It would be -- I'd be remiss in not calling out first the quarter that the international side had. USJ had all-time highs for attendance, per caps revenue and EBITDA. And that's since it opened -- for a first quarter. That's since it opened in 2001. And likewise, in China, we generated significant profitability in a tougher season and the highest ever quarterly attendance despite it being wintertime. So that's the international side. And on the domestic side, things continue to perform really well. Hollywood, we had Super Nintendo World open, so driving really strong attendance and per caps that are way ahead of last year and pre-pandemic levels on the back of excellent guest feedback. And in Orlando, really solid results in the quarter. We had, as you know, unprecedented visitation last year way ahead of 2019 pre-COVID. So as expected, growth rates have slowed down, but performance continues to be solid. And go-forward booking again still looks solid, similar pattern to Q1 of last year. So, so far, things continue to look good as we look ahead in the domestic side.
Philip Cusick: Thanks very much.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Phil. That concludes our earnings call, and thank you all for joining us.
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, everybody.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session and today's conference call. A replay of the call will be available starting at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time today on Comcast Investor Relations website. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded.  I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker : Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. On this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh and Jason Armstrong, who are also joined by Dave Watson, Jeff Shell and Dana Strong, Brian and Mike will make formal remarks, while Dave, Jeff and Dana will also be available for Q&A. Let me now refer you to Slide 2, which contains our safe harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.  With that, let me turn the call over to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marci, and good morning, everyone. I'm really proud of how our team executed throughout 2022. We achieved the highest levels of revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS in our company's history. And we returned a record $17.7 billion of capital to shareholders through both our recurring dividend, which we just increased for the 15th consecutive year and robust share repurchase activity. We did all this while accelerating investment in key growth initiatives, which are showing great progress, particularly our broadband network as we transition to 10G but also in Xfinity Mobile, Peacock and our theme parks. I attribute all this success to the incredible talent across our organization, who work collaboratively to ensure we are constantly evolving and innovating so that our customers have the absolute best experience with us at every point of interaction. What also sets us apart is our very strong balance sheet, which, when combined with the cost actions we have taken this past quarter, position us to perform well no matter what the macro environment might bring. I want to start with cable, where our financial performance both for the year and the fourth quarter confirm that we are striking the right balance between rate and volume in residential broadband, and we plan to continue to do so in 2023. At Xfinity Mobile and Comcast business remain strong growth drivers and we have successfully identified the appropriate mix between cutting costs to drive efficiencies and investing for our future. We have always maintained an intense focus on providing the absolute best products and experiences, which comes down to having the highest capacity, most reliable and most efficient broadband network. Our evolution to 10G and the unique way we are pursuing this through DOCSIS 4.0 is a huge benefit for our customers across the entire footprint that they will all have access to an entire ecosystem built around multi-gigabit symmetrical speeds, some as early as this year. It's also great for the company investors as our transition to a virtual software-based network infused with the marvelous AI capabilities will not only provide tangible benefits when it comes to operating and capital expenses, but it will enable us to innovate faster than ever before, solidifying our leadership position in broadband, which is extremely important given what is certain to be continued increases in demand for both speed and usage. In fact, we continue to see signs of this today. Our residential broadband-only customers are now consuming nearly 700 gigabytes of data every month, and customers on our Gigabit Plus products now comprise one-third of our broadband subscribers.  In addition to creating more value from our current customer base and further penetrating the total homes and businesses that we pass today, another great opportunity is for us to extend our networks to homes and businesses in the U.S. that do not have the ability to receive our services. To that end, we increased our passings by 1.4% or $840,000 in 2022, and we expect to accelerate in 2023, where we are aiming to add around 1 million while still maintaining the same CapEx intensity level we achieved in 2022, reaching nearly 62.5 million by the end of the year. We are taking a disciplined approach, and we'll only pursue those areas that have a return profile similar to what we have been able to historically achieve. Wireless is playing an integral part of our overall strategy at cable, and it's an area where we continue to shine. This past quarter was another record in net line additions, bringing us to over 5 million total lines in just five years. Only 9% penetration of our current base of residential broadband customers, we have plenty of runway ahead, and we're just getting started in offering wireless to our commercial segment, which is another great example of how we are selling more products into our existing base of business customers. When you combine our broadband network, WiFi overlay and MVNO with Verizon, we are in the best position to win in convergence. We have a leg up on our competitors with a capital-light strategy that does not involve customer or network trade-offs. At NBCUniversal, we are seeing some great momentum in Peacock and parks. And across all of NBCUniversal, our intellectual property is really resonating. We had the number 2 studio in terms of worldwide box office in 2022, fueled by a strong slate, including Jurassic, Minions, Nope, Ticket to Paradise, Puss in Boots, Black Bone, Halloween, which have also had great carryover success to Peacock through our Pay-One window and select day and date releases. And our box office momentum continued into the first quarter with M3GAN, so all in all, a really strong film slate. Peacock ended the year with over 20 million paying subscribers, more than double where we started. And we added over 5 million paid subscribers in the fourth quarter alone. Our success was broad-based, fueled by some of the films I just mentioned but also sporting events like the World Cup, NFL, Premier League, several new originals and our exclusive next-day broadcast of NBC. Looking ahead, and based on our experience to date, we expect our subscriber cadence will follow our content launches, which will fall more in the second half of 23. And we continue to see positive trends in engagement, churn and ARPU.  Mark Woodburry had a fabulous first year as our CEO of the Parks business, and we hit a number of new records this past quarter. It was the highest fourth quarter EBITDA for the entire segment, led by Orlando and Hollywood, and Japan had the best EBITDA performance since 2019. This was driven by attendance that for us surpassed pre pandemic levels at all three parks.  While attendance at our Park in Beijing was significantly impacted by COVID in 2022, we are seeing some exciting demand to start the year. Given the excellent returns we have generated to-date, we continue to seek ways to expand our parks. I'm really excited about our two recently announced extensions. First universal park designed specifically for younger audiences near Dallas, and the first year around horror entertainment experience in Las Vegas.  These are new innovative ways to utilize our substantial IP, including from DreamWorks and Illumination, while also extending our brand, both of which had helped fuel growth in all of our parks.  Our linear video business, we are managing subscriber declines by taking a disciplined approach to our cost base. We are continuing to invest in our global technology platform, and you will see a number of announcements from us in the weeks and months ahead.  For example, in 2023, we will launch one global user interface for Sky Glass, Xfinity, X1, Flex, XUMO, at our U.S. and International partners. Every entertainment customer around the world will get the same Emmy award winning voice controlled experience.  This scale not only brings us operational efficiencies, but it also puts us in the enviable position when it comes to conversations with distributors, OEMs, programmers, app developers and talent. At Sky, we are managing through the macro economic challenges in Europe. While staying intensely focused on retention and continuing to provide our customers with the best entertainment and connectivity experiences.  We're seeing some encouraging results. In the UK, Sky Glass had the top selling UHD TV model. Sky mobile is the fastest growing mobile provider, surpassing three million lines. And we are narrowing the gap between us and the current number one broadband provider with Sky Broadband, now sitting at over 6.5 million subscribers.  Wrapping up, our consistently strong financial performance, healthy balance sheet, record high return of capital of shareholders underscore how the scale capabilities and talent across our company enable us to successfully execute our long term growth strategy. I'm convinced we are on the right path and that we have the right team to capture our many opportunities and overcome whatever challenges happen along the way.  So before handing over the call, I want to congratulate Jason Armstrong, recently promoted to Chief Financial Officer, succeeding Mike Cavanagh. Could not be more confident and the leadership team's ability to continue to drive us forward and create more value for our shareholders.  Mike, over to you. 
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks, Brian. And good morning, everyone. First, I'd like to just say that it's been a pleasure serving as CFO of Comcast for the last seven plus years. And I couldn't be prouder to have Jason be my successor. Knowing that with Jason, the financial leadership of our company is in proven and expert hands.  Since Jason didn't take over as CFO until early in the new year, I will handle the CFO portion of this call and hand it over to Jason for the first quarter call in April.  So now I'll begin on Slides four and five to discuss our consolidated 2022 financial results. Revenue increased just under 1% to $30.6 billion for the fourth quarter and 4.3% to $121.4 billion for the full year. Adjusted EBITDA decreased 4.9% to $8 billion for the fourth quarter, and increased 5% to $36.5 billion for the full year.  The quarterly results include severance expenses booked in each of our businesses, totaling $638 million, which is $541 million higher than the prior year period. Including this increase, adjusted EBITDA increased 1.5% in the fourth quarter, and 6.6% for the full year.  Adjusted EPS increased 6.5% to $0.82 of share for the fourth quarter and 13% to $3.64 for the full year. And we generated $1.3 billion of free cash flow for the fourth quarter and $12.6 billion for the full year, while absorbing increased investments in Peacock and theme parks, as well as higher working capital as content creation normalizes post COVID. Now let's turn to our business segment results starting with Cable Communications on Slide six. Cable revenue increased 1.4% to $16.6 billion, EBITDA increased 1.5% to $7.2 billion and cable EBITDA margins improved 10 basis points year-over-year to 43.5%. These results include $345 million of severance expense, which is $305 million higher compared to last year's fourth quarter, excluding severance cable EBITDA increased 5.8% and cable EBITDA margin improved by 190 basis points to a record high of 45.3%.  These strong results also included the impact of Hurricane Ian in Southwest Florida, which resulted in the loss or severe damage to many homes we serve in this market. Excluding the hurricane impacts, we would have added approximately 4000 broadband customers versus the 26,000 loss we reported. And we estimate that we would have lost approximately 36,000 customer relationships versus the 71,000 we reported.  Overall, our broadband customer results in the fourth quarter were fairly consistent with the prior two quarters, reflecting lower levels of new customer connections, offset by churn which remained well below 2019 levels.  Now let's discuss cable financials in more detail. Cable revenue growth of 1.4% was driven by higher broadband wireless business services and advertising revenue, partially offset by lower video and voice revenue. Broadband revenue increased 5.4% driven by growth in ARPU and in our customer base when compared to last year. Broadband ARPU increased 3.8% year-over-year, when adjusting for some COVID related customer credits last year. This organic ARPU growth is similar to the growth we've generated over the last couple of quarters and is consistent with our strategy.  We are focused on optimizing our customer relationships by consistently adding more capabilities, services and value, so as to provide the best broadband experience, which has and should continue to deliver broadband ARPU growth. The elements of growth this quarter include increased rate, attaching more customers to higher tiers, as well as other services. We expect ARPU growth will continue to be the primary driver of our residential broadband revenue growth in 2023.  Wireless revenue increased 25%, mainly driven by service revenue, which was fueled by growth in customer lines. We added 1.3 million lines in 2022, including 365,000 lines in the fourth quarter, which is our highest number of net additions for any quarter on record. Business Services revenue increased 4.6%, which includes the results of Masergy in both this quarter and in the prior year period, as we lap the closing of this acquisition at the beginning of the quarter.  Revenue growth was primarily driven by rate, including customers taking faster data speeds, higher attach rates of our advanced products, and rate increases on some of our services.  Advertising revenue increased 9.1% driven by strong political revenue, partially offset by the absence of advertising revenue that is now part of XUMO, our joint venture with Charter. Adjusting for those items, cable advertising revenue decreased 1.6%, reflecting decline in our local core advertising business, partially offset by solid growth at our advanced advertising business.  Video revenue declined 5.6% driven by year-over-year customer net losses, partially offset by ARPU growth of 5.8%, due to a residential rate increase we implemented at the beginning of 2022. And last, voice revenue declined 13% primarily reflecting year-over-year customer losses.  Turning to expenses. Cable Communications fourth quarter expenses increased 1.4%, reflecting higher non-programming expenses, which included the $305 million in higher severance costs, partially offset by lower programming expenses. Programming expenses decreased 5.9%, reflecting the year-over-year decline in video customers partially offset by higher contractual rates. Non-programming expenses, which again include $305 million and higher severance costs, increased 5.6%.  Excluding severance, these expenses were flat compared to last year, reflecting an increase in bad debt as we return to more normalized pre pandemic levels an increased technical and product support expenses driven by growth in our wireless business. These were offset by a decline in marketing and promotion and customer service expenses due to lower activity levels, efficiencies in running the business, and improvements we continue to make in our customer experience.  Our focus on growing our high margin connectivity businesses, coupled with our focus on increasing operating efficiency and cost controls, drove strong EBITDA growth and margin expansion in 2022, excluding the higher severance expense, we grew full year EBITDA by 5.7% and increased EBITDA margins by 110 basis points to 44.8%.  We believe that our disciplined approach to running the business, including the benefits from our cost reduction efforts this quarter, positioned us to drive higher profitability, and further expand margins, both in 2023 and thereafter.  Now, let's turn to Slide seven for NBCUniversal. Starting with total NBCUniversal results, fourth quarter revenue increased 5.9% to $9.9 billion, and EBITDA decreased 36% to $817 million, including $182 million of severance expense in the quarter, excluding severance EBITDA decreased 22%. Media revenue increased 2.6% to $6 billion, mainly driven by Peacock, which nearly doubled its revenue to $660 million and Telemundos broadcast of the World Cup.  Advertising revenue increased 4%, reflecting an incremental $263 million from the World Cup, as well as strong growth at Peacock and a healthy contribution of political advertising, partially offset by a decline in linear advertising.  If we exclude the World Cup, advertising revenue declined 5.6% reflecting softening in the overall advertising market, distribution revenue increased 3.8% reflecting growth at Peacock driven by increases in paid subscribers, which more than doubled compared to last year, as well as higher contractual rates at our networks partially offset by linear subscriber declines. Media EBITDA was $132 million in the fourth quarter including a $978 million EBITDA loss at Peacock, reflecting the cost of new content, such as our exclusive next-day broadcast and Bravo content, our robust lineup of Pay-One titles, day and date releases like Halloween, NFL Premier League and the World Cup. Peacock's full year EBITDA loss of $2.5 billion was in line with the outlook we provided a year ago. And for 2023, we expect Peacock losses to be up modestly to around $3 billion. As we've said previously, we believe 2023 will be peak losses for Peacock and, from there, steadily improve. Excluding Peacock, Media EBITDA in the fourth quarter decreased 13%, reflecting the lower revenue and fairly flat expenses despite the higher costs associated with broadcasting the World Cup. Looking to the first quarter. While we remain focused on managing costs, we expect underlying Media EBITDA, excluding Peacock, to continue to be impacted by the top line pressures at our linear networks. Moving to Studios. Revenue increased 13% to $2.7 billion driven by growth in content licensing and theatrical revenue. Content licensing was up 16% driven by the benefit of our carryover titles and the acceleration in film windows as well as healthy growth in television licensing. Theatrical revenue increased 47% due to the success of recent releases, including Ticket to Paradise, Puss in Boots, Violent Night and Halloween Ends. EBITDA increased $109 million to $160 million for the quarter, reflecting the higher revenue partially offset by an increase in marketing and promotion expense, reflecting the size and timing of this quarter's theatrical slate as well as the corresponding higher programming and production costs. At Theme Parks, revenue increased 12% to $2.1 billion, while EBITDA increased 16% to $782 million, our highest level of EBITDA on record for our fourth quarter. These results were driven by growth at our parks in the U.S. and Japan partially offset by our park in Beijing, which was negatively impacted by COVID-related restrictions.  At our U.S. parks, we continue to see strong demand with attendance and guest spending up year-over-year and with Orlando and Hollywood both delivering record high EBITDA for the fourth quarter. Universal Japan continued to rebound since capacity restrictions were lifted at the end of March and delivered strong year-over-year EBITDA growth in the quarter. Now let's turn to Slide 8 for Sky. Reported results were meaningfully impacted by currency translation due to the strengthening dollar, but I will speak to Sky's results on a constant currency basis. For the fourth quarter, Sky revenue was relatively consistent compared to last year at $4.4 billion.  Direct-to-consumer revenue was also consistent compared to last year, reflecting growth in the U.K. driven by wireless and broadband revenue offset by declines in Germany and Italy. On a customer basis, we added 129,000 customer relationships in the quarter with positive additions across all three territories, the U.K., Italy and Germany. These net additions were driven by streaming, broadband and wireless customer additions and reflect our team's strong execution in a challenging macroeconomic environment across Europe. Rounding out the rest of Sky revenue, content revenue increased 6.5% driven by licensing our entertainment content, and advertising revenue decreased 9.6% primarily driven by lower revenue in the U.K., reflecting the timing of the World Cup and the macro environment. Turning to EBITDA. Sky's EBITDA decreased 15% to $340 million, including $89 million of severance expense, which is $53 million higher compared to last year's fourth quarter. Excluding severance, EBITDA declined 2% compared to last year, reflecting an increase in direct network costs driven by growth in our residential mobile and broadband businesses and higher other expenses, which were mostly offset by lower programming costs due to the timing of sports programming as four weeks of EPL games were paused during the fourth quarter to accommodate the World Cup.  However, we will incur higher sports costs in the first half of 2023, reflecting the higher number of games as the season is extended and the remainder of the games which were paused are now played. Now I'll wrap up with free cash flow and capital allocation on Slide 9. As I mentioned previously, in 2022, we generated around $12.6 billion in free cash flow while absorbing increased investments in Peacock and Theme Parks as well as higher working capital as content creation normalizes post COVID. Full year consolidated total capital investment increased 14.2% or $1.7 billion to $13.8 billion due to increased spending at NBCUniversal and Cable partially offset by a decrease at Sky. At Cable, total capital spending increased 8.3% or $695 million with CapEx intensity coming in at 11.4% primarily driven by investments to further strengthen and extend our network.  In 2023, we expect CapEx intensity to stay at around 11%, similar to 2022 levels as we aim to accelerate our homes passed growth to about 1 million and continue to transition our entire broadband network to DOCSIS 4.0 over the next few years. NBCUniversal total capital spending increased $1.4 billion driven by parks CapEx increasing $1.1 billion, of which Epic was around $800 million and reflects our continued investment in new attractions like Super Nintendo World at Hollywood and Donkey Kong at Japan.  In 2023, we expect parks CapEx to increase by around $1.2 billion over last year as we continue to build Epic, which we plan to open in 2025 and begin work on our recently announced park extensions mentioned earlier. The required investment to develop these extensions is nowhere near the scale of Epic or Universal Beijing but rather enable us to leverage our already large market opportunity and can serve as a model that contributes to even higher growth at Theme Parks in the future. Working capital was $3 billion for the year, a $1.5 billion increase over last year's level, reflecting a post-COVID ramp of investment in content creation.  Turning to capital allocation. We ended the year with net leverage at 2.4 times and returned a total of $17.7 billion to shareholders, including $4.7 billion in dividend payments and $13 billion in share repurchases. For 2023, we expect to continue to maintain leverage at around current levels, which I expect will support continued strong capital returns. As we announced this morning, we are raising the dividend by $0.08 a share to $1.16 per share, our 15th consecutive annual increase. This reflects our long-standing balanced capital allocation policy. We're committed to investing organically in the businesses while maintaining a strong balance sheet and also returning a very healthy amount of capital to shareholders.  Thanks for joining us on the call this morning. I'll turn it back to Marci, who will lead the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Mike. Operator, let's open the call for Q&A, please. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Doug Mitchelson: Good morning. And thank you. Brian and Mike as well giving your promotion to President, congratulations on that, by the way. And Jason, congratulations on the CFO role. Brian, Mike, since we're turning to a new calendar year, I wanted to ask for an updated vision for the company and how you see the company evolving over time. As part of that, investors are certainly interested how the company best addresses cable broadband competition and connectivity convergence and media streaming challenges and whether you see notable growth opportunities for the company that would shift allocation of capital as well. So how do you address the challenges and opportunities? And how has the company evolved over the next three to five years? Thanks.
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks, Doug. It's Mike. So maybe I'll take a first crack, and then Brian can pile on if he likes. So vision in the next few years, it's -- I think how you think about that requires a little bit of a reflection of where we stand at the moment. So if I look at 2022 and you really reflect on what are truly excellent operating results. So kudos to the people running the businesses deep down into the organization to produce the kind of results we had, record revenues and record adjusted EBITDA. And that's fundamentally great management discipline, operating discipline, financial discipline in the day-to-day. When you zoom out a little bit, it puts us in a position where we are returning record capital in our industry at 2.4 times leverage, so it allows us the opportunity both of those things in good balance. To then go at your real question, which is what is our opportunity, what are our challenges and do we have the resources to go after them. And so I'd say there, you heard it in the call, but I'll recount them, we've got an excellent number of organic investments that are going after all the opportunities and challenges that we currently see. Obviously, as others emerge, we'll go after it the way we usually do. But those are you take the network and Dave can pile in. But we're on a path to 10G. So DOCSIS 4.0 is going to get us, as we've talked about, in a very capital-efficient way to a network that's going to have symmetrical upstream, downstream in a few short years. We're going to start rolling that out at the back end of this year.  So I think our commitment is to have the best network out there and to put a tremendous amount of services surrounding that network, whether it be WiFi or Flex and the like, as you've heard us talk about before. You heard about the tech platform. Brian mentioned it. We're going to get to a single global tech platform, integrating all of the build of glass in the U.K., X1 here in the U.S., what we do in Peacock behind a single scaled global tech platform that we can use in many ways. You know about the XUMO partnership that we have with Charter, for example, to take that capability outside of our footprint. And then finally, on the Cable side, it's a wireless. Wireless, we've been at it for five years, have 5 million lines now. We put the investment in along the way, and we continue to do it, but it's a capital-light approach. And I think that totality is a great set of strategies for how we're going to drive growth in the cable business looking ahead. And so I'd say, expect us to continue to keep driving along those lines. On the Media side, we think Peacock is absolutely the right strategy for our company. And Jeff has repeatedly said, we're not going to place somebody else's hand. We have an excellent business in NBC and our cable networks. We spend quite a bit of money creating content and so migrating some of that content as eyeballs move to a more streaming universe. We like what we're doing. And we had a phenomenal year getting paid subs to 20 million paid subs from less than 10 a year ago. And we see this coming year as the peak year in investment there, but we'll keep on that plan. And then finally, I'll mention parks. Parks, we've got Nintendo opening in Hollywood in February. We're ramping the build of what's going to be a phenomenal theme park, Epic universe in Orlando, opening in 2025. And as I said earlier, we'll increase our spend this year in '24 to sort of peak levels there ahead of that opening. And then we're leveraging the great product that we have with some new ideas, some innovation around that with a kids-based theme park, smaller scale in Dallas and Hollywood Hard Nights in Las Vegas. So these are big investment agendas that go out all the issues that I think are out there across our different businesses. So I think we're well positioned to continue to drive primarily an organic investment agenda and drive growth across our businesses in the years ahead.  Obviously, it's our job to consider inorganic things as they come up. But as I've said before, the bar is very high. It's our job to make sure that we are looking at organic opportunities and executing well against them, and I think we are. So Brian, you got anything to add?
Brian Roberts: First of all, I could see why you're the right person for the job. That was a fantastic answer and covered a lot of the vision of the company. So I'm going to try not to be at all repetitive and maybe even zoom out further with the lens and say, what are -- just pick two themes of what you just talked about and say, think about the vision of the company, what are the two big trends.  It's what's happening in broadband, both as a competitive reality, and I'm sure Dave will get into that with some of the questions; but in longer term, what's likely to happen to consumers' needs for usage -- what are we making our bets on in that vision question. And the other is the convergence to streaming and where are we in that journey. So if you think about the 10G initiative Mike talked about, it's really to widen our lead to clearly and demonstrably explain to consumers and give them a product and be able to brand it for resident consumers and businesses that we have something you want to have if you rely on a need and enjoy broadband and the investments we're making, the ubiquitous nature of it. And if you look at broadband usage, and we cited some stats in the prepared remarks, but if you just look at even Thursday night and the NFL being on Amazon, that creates a lot of broadband usage. And is there going to be more of that in the future or less of that in the future? And what percentage of America today consumes that way? And what will it look like 5, 10 years from now. And so we want to be a company that is uniquely positioned to capitalize on these macro changing trends. And the same goes in streaming. And Peacock -- with just my kudos to the team at the whole of NBCUniversal and Comcast and Sky working together have put us in double in one year to 20 million-plus paying customers in addition to what lies ahead. It's the best bargain. For $5 a month, you get everything from the World Cup to Sunday Night Football to incredible movies to incredible next-day NBC to all our cable content original content, and consumers are finding that. So I think our company, I echo what Mike said, I think we're extremely well positioned. And I we'll continue to grow organically and having the ability to keep the balance sheet strong and return capital to shareholders. And those finding that balance, we did it really well in 2022, and we hope to do it again.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Doug. Operator, well take the next question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Ben Swinburne: Good morning. Thank you. I want to ask Jeff about the NBC outlook, both sort of some of the key trends you're seeing in '23 but also longer term. I mean I think the business did over $8.5 billion of EBITDA back in 2019. I think $23 million will probably be down from 22 just given the Peacock losses and the pressure on the Media business.  But can you just talk about your long-term opportunity at the NBCUniversal? Do you think you can climb back to those EBITDA levels over any sort of reasonable investment horizon? And what are you -- how are you feeling about sort of things like advertising and parks sitting here today given all the macro concerns? And then I just had one question for Mike on cash flow. You mentioned the $3 billion net working capital drag in '22. Any help on that for 2023, if you have any visibility there? Thank you, both.
Jeff Shell: Ben, this is Jeff. I'll start and then hand it over to Mike. So we feel really good about NBC growth trajectory going forward. If you kind of break it down, our content businesses has had a great quarter and is doing -- have never been better than they are right now or movie studio. We're off to a great start this year. The slate going forward is really good. Our TV businesses, studios are great. So our content business is doing great, and that's a business that should grow over time. The parks business, Brian and Mike both talked about the parks business, it's never been better for us. We had a record year last year. Trajectory is going to slow a little bit in the U.S. just because we are doing so well. But we're seeing -- we found our footing in Japan in the fourth quarter. That's going to grow based on the Nintendo attraction there in Beijing, which really had kind of got to profitability in the third quarter suffered from COVID in the fourth quarter. First couple of weeks of this year, with the economy opening up there, is really doing well even with poor weather. So I think our parks business has a lot of growth ahead. And as Mike talked about and Brian talked about, we're investing in it. So those two businesses are great. The Media segment, as Brian just went through very well, we made a decision to invest in Peacock. It's very clear that we picked the right business model at this point, given where we are. And it's very clear that the content strength that I talked about, which has led to our linear networks being number one for decades, is paying off on Peacock. So what -- when we -- we were going to grow -- we've made that investment. We've been clear from the start that we're going to see a return on investment. I think we feel better on that now based on where we are. And we also made that investment to return the Media segment to growth over time, which we feel even more confident today than we did maybe a year or two ago, then that's going to happen. And the timing of that really is up to macro conditions, how -- when does the ad market recover, how -- what are linear declines going forward. And then, of course, we continue to cut costs in the linear segment to maintain our margins.  So I'm pretty confident that we have a lot of growth ahead in NBCUniversal, particularly after the progress we've made this year and the Media segment, we wouldn't be investing in Peacock. We didn't think it was going to return the segment to growth over time.
Mike Cavanagh: And then the -- on working capital, we said a year ago that it was going to be spiked to a higher than typical run rate level just on the back of the disruptions caused by COVID in getting content creation in the phase we're in up to normalized levels. So expect to just ease back off of the levels we saw in 2022. It's a hard number to predict, but I think we are past peak there.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Ben. Operator well take the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead. 
Craig Moffett: Thank you. And congratulations to both of you, Mike and Jason. The question I have is on margins. As I think about the Cable segment, I think most people at this point are aware of the puts and takes where growing broadband, it raises margins, losing video raises margins. As you think about wireless now sort of accounting for a larger and larger piece of the pie, how do those pieces fit together as sort of a longer-term outlook for margins? Is it possible for the growth rate of wireless at whatever margin it sort of contributes to keep margins growing in the cable business?
Dave Watson: Craig, Dave. So I think the good news is we have a great portfolio of opportunities and business lines. So as you said, we have real strength in broadband and not only just solid broadband relationships with the ability to drive revenue in a healthy way. So resi broadband, I believe, will continue to be accretive not just revenue but margin. And business services is a real long-term opportunity has been, will continue to be. So when you look at top line margin impact, including mobile, I think it's a good -- and video slowing down. On the top line, it contributes towards margin.  The second thing clearly are the expenses. And just lower activity levels, our constant focus around the two big buckets of the transactional activity, the experience improvements that we have that really drive things like self-install and the apps that help people resolve issues independently. And then our focus around cost, just fixed cost, ongoing. And so that all those things, I think, shows that it's not a singular moment. This has been steady progress over a long period of time around margin. So I think we still have a good runway.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Craig. Operator, were ready for the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Ehrlich with BofA Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. Going back to NBCU of kind of two topics on theme parks, you've got three park planned for the U.S. Can you talk about global plans? And as peak spend in '24, I think that's what Mike just said. And then on Peacock, it sounds like this year will be peak losses. When do you expect breakeven? And can you talk about long-term profit potential like what margins would you look for? And then finally, kind of all around, can you just talk about your appetite for acquisitions? Mike said organic and non-organic. I'm just wondering WWE is obviously for sale. There's IP. Is this the year we finally see some more media consolidation? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Operator?
Operator: Please continue, your line is open. 
Brian Roberts: Jessica sorry about that. We're back.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Did you hear my question? I thought it was me. Thank you. So I just wanted to go back to NBCU. You've got three parks planned for the U.S. I'm just wondering if you have any global plans. And it sounds like from what Mike said that peak spend will be in '24, I just wanted to clarify that.  And on Peacock, it sounds like this year will be peak losses. Can you talk about like when you expect breakeven and what you think about the long-term profit potential or margins there? And then finally, Mike again said organic and inorganic growth. So I'm just wondering what your appetite is for acquisitions, whether it's something like WWE or IP. Like is this the year we finally see media consolidation?
Jeff Shell: Thanks. Jeff again. Sorry about the delay here. So let me -- this is Jeff. So let me start with parks. So parks we are always looking to invest in our parks, given how well we've done. And during the pandemic, we took share. We've had pretty solid growth. And we -- it's a business that we want to deploy capital to, as Brian said, we're really excited about Epic. It's coming out of the ground. It looks great and our timing couldn't be better for that. But we always want to have things that we're investing in, both domestically and internationally. The concept that we're going to build in Dallas, which is a design for a younger audience, less investment, if it's successful, which we're pretty confident it will be, it's a concept that will work in a lot of places around the world that may not support a full-scale theme park like we have in Orlando or Beijing, but it could support something else. So that -- we're excited about that concept. And then the Halloween horror nights experience in Vegas, which I'm really excited about, could also be expanded to a number of different places around the world. So we're definitely having our eye towards places expanding internationally not just domestically with a number of markets kind of on the docket. And they won't all be places for a big giant primary theme park that we might look at different concepts for different markets. And as far as peak spending, I think Epic, I think we expect our peak spend probably to be this year, although '23 and '24 will be comparable as we ramp down at the beginning of '25 prior to opening. So that's the parks.  Peacock, we are could not be more positive about our trajectory so far. We're right where we expected to be as far as investment, and we're well above where we expected to be as far as paid subs, which was going to pay off. We will hit our peak spend, as I think Mike or Brian said in the opening, this year and then improve steadily from there. And we wouldn't be making the investment if we do see the investment in Peacock alone delivering return over time. As I said, in my prior answer that I'm more confident now that we're going to get to that, and it's going to be a good return just on that investment alone and the overall Media segment. And based on how we're doing so far, I'm more and more confident that that we made the right choice of business model and that our investment is appropriate for that business. So I don't know, Mike, if you want to talk about acquisitions.
Mike Cavanagh: Yes. Consolidation, and Jeff can pile in too, I mean, I think when it comes to media consolidation, we'll see what happens. But I think go back to the earlier discussion, we've got a robust set of plans to invest in our own businesses. So anything that we would look at when we saw our job to consider things, we have healthy discussions. And our bias has to be to be investing behind our businesses themselves, where we control, operate, know what we're doing, have momentum, no surprises. So like I said, the -- across any inorganic opportunity, we're going to put ourselves through the real discussion. Is it worth it relative to the choices we have to invest in our own business, like Jeff just described?
Jeff Shell: And I would just add that we're always looking for bolt-on acquisitions that bolster our business. And I'll give two examples. We bought DreamWorks. We talked about that in the past, and it's been paying off steadily since our acquisition and just now, with Puss in Boots, which is a big hit at the box office really our entry back into the Shrek Universe, continues to make that acquisition look really favorable.  And we've invested in our Blumhouse investment over time. We're a partner with Jason Blum, and we have a big hit, M3GAN, this month, which is coming out of that investment. So we're always looking at bolt-on acquisitions. Don't necessarily involve big industry consolidation questions. 
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jessica. Operator well take the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Brett Feldman: Yes, thanks for taking the question. So later last year, one of the points you had made was just sort of based on market conditions. It was unlikely that you were going to see your broadband subscriber base really change in size, so basically stayed pretty flat for at least some period of time, and we saw effectively that trend in your fourth quarter results.  I was hoping you can give us an update. How would you frame market conditions right now? Are you seeing any tailwinds begin to emerge? And do you need a meaningful improvement in market conditions to get back to more sustainably positive broadband net adds? Or do you think some of the steps you've been taking position you to accomplish that at some point this year regardless of the backdrop? Thank you.
Dave Watson: Brett, Dave here. So let me start with kind of your first point on the overall environment and pointing towards our results in broadband. So starting with Q4, clearly, excluding the impact of the hurricane, we reported net adds, broadband net adds of 4,000. And this has been consistent, consistent the last couple of quarters, reflecting the continued impact of lower move activity, increased competition. But what's different has been the near record low churn.  So this -- the current environment is similar. Macro -- the macro environment still reflects depressed move activity. Competition continues to be very strong, and we're seeing some normalization in non-pay activity and churn. So it remains a challenging environment to add subscribers right now. However, as our record high revenue, adjusted EBITDA and margins in 2022 show, we have a successful model. We're driving revenue, EBITDA and cash flow rather than just chasing units. And so you look at our ARPU growth, holding the line on the relationships, but our ARPU growth was 3.8% in terms of broadband. So we're protecting ARPU growth, constantly adding more value, investing in our network, all within the parameters that we've talked about. And so -- and it -- results within the mix of the base is showing. As Brian said, you know, the one-third of our customers, broadband customers that get our Gigabit Plus products. So this is only just 5% that number just three years ago. So you look at usage. You look at the entire long-term opportunity, I think as Brian said, whether it's a couple more sporting events that go towards streaming, it just points towards you need better broadband. So from our competitive situation that we see, as I said, it's going to continue, but I think we're going to focus on our great network, ubiquitous network. We're going to continue to invest in that. We will constantly segment the marketplace and address each competitor.  And so I think it's a similar environment, but we're very focused on being in position to drive results. But yes, we're going to do both. We're going to balance rate and volume.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Brett. Operator, were ready for the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Rollins with Citi. Please go ahead. 
Michael Rollins: Thanks, good morning. And congrats to Mike and Jason on your new roles. Just two topics, if I could. First, on the XUMO platform, if you can give us an update on how that's progressing and maybe some of the milestones to watch as you look out over the next one to two years. And then on the cost-cutting and efficiency actions that you took exiting 2022, how should we think about the annual cost savings opportunity? Thanks.
Dave Watson: Let me start -- Michael, this is Dave. I'll start with XUMO. It's really early. Excited about the opportunity. Early discussions are positive and just a variety of partners. So we're excited about the relationship with Charter. And so -- but it's really early at this point in terms of XUMO, but I expect more to come, and we'll keep you posted along the way. Mike?
Mike Cavanagh: On the cost actions we took in the course of the year, it's really to get our businesses set up to drive the results we gave some commentary on the outlook. We don't give guidance, but I think consider it all factored into the outlooks that Jeff, Dave and I have given thus far on the call, which is, again, continued opportunity for expanding margins and growth in EBITDA in the cable business and everything Jeff just described on the Media side, including growth in parks, growth in studios and the net dynamics with linear versus Peacock in the Media side.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Mike. Operator next question, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Cusick from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Philip Cusick: Thanks, guys. Two follow-ups, if I can. Your tone around new footprint expansion and broadband efforts has -- there's no change. Does bead funding or state subsidies going forward, accelerate that further? Or do you think the $1 million annually is the right figure to think about going forward?  For Jeff, any update on trends in advertising since your comments in early December? And then finally, I wonder if you guys can talk about the $500 million in severance this quarter. Is there more to come? And Mike, I heard you say that margins in Cable should continue higher. What impact do you expect on cost going forward? Thanks very much.
Dave Watson: Let me start, Phil, this is Dave, and talk about the footprint expansion expectations. So pretty steady progress. You look at '21, did $813,000; '22, last year did $840,000. So good progress and in line with our expectations. And we do expect to accelerate in '23. So there's an opportunity to do around 1 million passings. And so the opportunity clearly still within footprint and residential, also hyper builds we call the commercial growth. Those all still exist. We're excited about that. And that's the majority still of the footprint expansion. The newer ones will be the rural edge-outs that we've been talking about, and that will begin to pick up the pace. Having said that, we're excited about it. We're going to lean in. We think we're doing well early stage in terms of the grants and the wins around these communities. But we're going to take a very disciplined approach, and we're going to go after returns that are similar to historic levels as we do that. So -- and we're -- I think all of the -- whether it's the network upgrades, the footprint expansions, we're still right on target with what we said and going back to '21 and being around 11% Cable CapEx intensity. So very excited about both of those areas, how we upgrade, the elegant path to upgrade and the footprint expansion. Jeff?
Jeff Shell: Thanks, Dave, and thanks, Phil. So on the ad market, I think in prior calls, the market -- the ad market steadily worsened over the course of last year. It kind of feels like it bottomed out around late November, early December. And really since then, it hasn't gotten worse and maybe even a little bit better. I describe it really as shallow.  There's parts of the market that are actually doing really well, Pharma, entertainment. Travel is on fire. There's parts of the market that feels uncertain, tech, auto, financial services, all are weak. It feels like the weakness is due less to businesses not doing well and more to just macro uncertainty. I mean none of us really know where the economy is headed, and I think some advertisers in those segments are really holding back. And when they do advertise, they're coming in later than usual. So I think we have -- we're doing a little bit better than our peers for a couple of reasons. One is Peacock's growth is really helping to offset the linear weakness, which is fortuitous for us. And I think, secondly, we've made big investments in data and measurement, and we have the best team, and that's really helping. But I guess I would just summarize it by saying the ad market feels to me like it stabilized a bit. And we're assuming it's going to stay weak for the first half of this year and then recover. But who really knows based on the macro economy?
Mike Cavanagh: And then, Phil, Mike. So just picking up on macro. I mean looking into 2023, as many businesses, just uncertainty about the environment, we took -- I'll tell you what we did on severance. We offered voluntary retirement across the company, something we do on a periodic basis, which has benefits, obviously, of giving more opportunities for younger talent anyway as well as some of the tactical situations we have in select businesses to just make sure we're as efficient as we can be heading into uncertain times. We've executed against all these things as we roll into 2023. So it's behind us.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Phil. Operator, well take our last question. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead. 
John Hodulik: Great. Thank you. Maybe a couple of questions for Dave on wireless and on video. On wireless, you talked about the 9% penetration. I mean are you seeing the positive impact on the broadband base from selling wireless into that? And then do you expect to continue to lean in? I think you guys don't really look at that as a separate profit pool but just sort of supporting the broadband business. And is that unlikely to change? That's number one.  You also -- Dave talked about selling into the business segments. Just anything, sort of any color on how you're doing that or what that opportunity is? And then lastly, on video losses, just they were little better than what we expected. Anything different there in terms of maybe selling of skinny bundles or how we should expect that to trend as we look into '23? Thanks.
Dave Watson: Sure, John. So when we look at wireless, we actually do, it's a nice growth opportunity in and of itself. But the core real opportunity is to surround broadband, both residentially and commercially, as you brought up. You look at the opportunity, the road map, and Mike said, we just crossed the 5 million lines. But the way we look at it, when you include business relationships, we had 34 million broadband relationships. And you look at the amount of lines that the other competitors do, the lines per relationship, we're talking about an opportunity that's around 80 million lines over the long run. So we had a strong quarter in mobile, really strong quarter. Good momentum. This has been building, will continue. So it's a good runway. We really like our position. We like the core service offerings approach, the capital-light approach, buy the gig unlimited, different tiers of unlimited and then really leveraging best-in-class WiFi. So the mobile game plan is really to support broadband. We do see continued positive results. When you package the broadband with mobile, there is a churn benefit to that. And so we'll continue to really -- that's our -- part of our core strategy is to do that. And leverage is a feisty competitive marketplace in wireless. For those that are offering different kinds of offers will be there with bring your own device as well. So we got a really good balance towards. And business services is just getting going in mobile. We're excited about that, and there -- it's early but good progress. In video, it's a combination just less attach rate on the front end. That is really one of the main drivers. But when you look at churn, churn is better, and it continues to improve on the video side. And when you look at the combination of video and broadband right now, that combination of full disconnect churn, it's down over 20% against the -- since the pre-pandemic 2019 level. So we segment the marketplace. Video is an important part of the portfolio. We'll continue to market it where it makes sense per segment. But overall, that's the story around video.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, John, and thanks, everyone, for joining our call.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session and today's conference call. A replay of the call will be available starting at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time today on Comcast Investor Relations website. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Comcast Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President, Investor Relations Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you operator, and welcome everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Dave Watson, Jeff Shell and Dana Strong. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks while Dave, Jeff and Dana will also be available for Q&A. Let me now refer you to Slide 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer. I remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that let me turn the call over to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marci and good morning, everyone. I'm really proud of the company and our results this quarter. We are reporting adjusted EBITDA growth of 6%, adjusted EPS growth of 10% and significant free cash flow, while also investing in our future and returning a record high amount of capital to our shareholders. The strong financials today are a testament to our focus on driving profitable growth through innovation as well as a reflection on the professionalism of our employees. Together, I believe we are collaborating and executing at the highest levels. I especially want to recognize and publicly thank all of our teammates in Florida as well as those who traveled to Florida over the last several weeks. They worked tirelessly to assist customers who were impacted by Hurricane Ian, even while many of these employees had their own losses. This was a devastating storm particularly for us, as we are the primary cable operator in most of the areas where it hit and we expect this affected about half of our traditional Florida seasonal customers. Digging into the third quarter, our results at Cable Communications again underscore the impressive consistency in this business, with 5% EBITDA growth and 120 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion bringing us to 45.1%, our highest margin on record. While we are still in a challenging environment in terms of depressed move activity and increased competition from new entrants, we were pleased to see that back-to-school provided a tailwind and we ended the third quarter with 14,000 net new broadband subscribers. There have been four primary drivers of revenue growth at our Cable segment: residential broadband units, residential broadband ARPU, wireless and business services. And while we don't anticipate residential broadband units to be a significant driver for now, we expect to maintain healthy growth in the other three, leading to continued strong financial performance at Cable for the foreseeable future. My confidence stems from the fact that we have always been able to strike the right balance between units and profitability. We compete aggressively while also staying focused on investing in and managing the business to deliver long-term profitable growth which is exactly what this quarter has shown. We have a distinct competitive advantage that goes beyond just fast and consistent speeds. We provide a differentiated and superior experience within the home, which is the foundation of our ARPU growth. For example, we offer reliable WiFi coverage in every room, device control and cybersecurity features and a world-class entertainment platform as well as other complementary solutions like Xfinity Mobile that increase the value and utility of our broadband product even more. All of this is only getting better as we further improve our network and we're making great progress.  During the quarter we announced that we have begun to roll out multi-gig download speeds combined with up to 5 to 10x faster upload speeds. And we expect to have this available at 20% of our footprint by the end of this year and to the vast majority of our footprint by the end of 2025.  Directly on the back of this we're completing the core technical foundation for 10G and we're transitioning to a cloud-based virtualized network as we work towards DOCSIS 4.0 which will enable us to deliver multi-gig symmetrical speeds to customers beginning in the back half of next year.  Looking further ahead the combination of our high-capacity network differentiated broadband experience and our terrific MVNO in wireless puts Comcast in a winning position to offer in-home and mobile connectivity that is both robust and ubiquitous. And it doesn't involve trade-offs which is going to become even more important as people's level of data consumption and overall expectations continue to rise overtime.  On average our broadband customers who don't subscribe to traditional video from us are already using nearly 650 gigabytes of data per month and that's just today. We are doing a fantastic job leveraging our wireless business. We're still in the very early growth phase in penetrating this segment and we're having a lot of success. We added 333,000 wireless lines the most of any quarter to date. And this morning we announced that we now have over five million Xfinity Mobile lines and we're just getting started. So summing up we're pleased with our strong financial performance at Cable. We're encouraged by the long-term trends in demand for connectivity and our competitive advantages. And we're confident in our future growth. At NBCUniversal we saw some great momentum with EBITDA growth of 25%, despite the tough comparison to the Tokyo Olympics last year. Our Park segment continues to be a real standout generating the highest quarterly EBITDA on record driven by growth in each of our geographies including Beijing which hit profitability for the first time since the grand opening last September. We're seeing clear evidence that the investments we made throughout the pandemic continue to pay off. We launched Super Nintendo World in Japan, the Velocicoaster in Orlando, Secret Life of Pets in Hollywood and our drumbeat of innovation goes on. For example, Super Nintendo World will open in Hollywood early next year. We're adding another Nintendo-themed area, Donkey Kong to Japan in 2024. And I'm especially excited for Epic Universe to open in the summer of 2025 which will transform Universal Orlando into a weeklong destination.  Studios also performed exceptionally well resulting from a huge summer box office led by Jurassic World, Minions, Black Phone and Nope. Our leadership is driving change in the industry. Our flexible windowing strategy has enhanced the overall profitability of our Studios business and it's also had a significant positive carryover to Peacock which just started to benefit from our new Pay-One agreement. At the end of the third quarter, Peacock had more than 15 million highly engaged paid subscribers in the US. On top of that 15 million, Peacock also had approximately 14 million bundled and free users totaling around 30 million monthly active accounts. Peacock has become the best streaming value in the market providing customers with a massive premium content offering across movies, TV entertainment, sports, and news in English and in Spanish. And with less than five minutes of ads per hour for just $5 per month, it is really a great value. Our sports content is unmatched with customers enjoying live coverage of the biggest leagues and events including the NFL with Sunday Night Football, MLB, Premier League, Notre Dame, Big 10 starting in 2023 as well as the WWE and marquee events including Super Bowl and Olympics, French Open, US Open, Tour de France, Triple Crown, and later this year, the World Cup. We also provide the best of other sports with very passionate fan communities including IndyCar, Supercross, and Track and Field. We're seeing a nice uplift from our next-day broadcast which at last are exclusively ours. And coming up through the rest of this year and into 2023 is a strong slate of highly anticipated originals from proven creators including the Best Fan, Mrs. Davis, Poker Face, and others. While it only launched a little over two years ago, Peacock is already an important part of our portfolio and reflects how we're running our Media business holistically. Switching gears, the UK and other European markets have been adversely affected by the Ukraine conflict as we all know higher energy costs, higher interest rates, higher overall inflation, and currency headwinds. This quarter we took a non-cash charge as a result of all of this at Sky based on this environment which Mike will talk a bit more about. Our Sky team is working hard amidst this changing economic backdrop that's putting pressure on the average customer in the region. We remain focused on customer retention as well as providing the best experience and value in entertainment and connectivity, which contributed to the highest quarterly customer growth since we've owned Sky, including some nice momentum in our broadband and wireless business. We are keeping an eye on churn and acknowledge that ARPU may be affected in the future as customers deal with this unstable and inflationary environment. We are successfully managing through a variety of measures and we remain disciplined on our cost structure. We reset the majority of our major sports rights within the last two years and are looking for more efficiency in a number of areas. So, looking at the company as a whole all of us are paying attention to economists' and other experts' view about how some of these issues in Europe may come to the US. And while we are certainly not immune to potential macroeconomic headwinds, I firmly believe that Comcast is in a very strong position relative to our peers and most other companies. We are a leader in very large and highly profitable markets. And our healthy balance sheet and substantial free cash flow generation enable us to continue to invest organically in our strategic initiatives while simultaneously returning a substantial amount of capital to our shareholders. We pay nearly $5 billion in dividends per year and we bought back $9.5 billion of our shares year-to-date through the third quarter. We have a great business including a fantastic team. Earlier this month, we announced that we promoted Mike Cavanagh to President. For the past seven years Mike has been an incredible leader, partner and friend. And we are both very focused on continuing to innovate and grow this wonderful company for all our employees, customers and guests. So it's my pleasure to hand it over to Mike. 
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks, Brian. I look forward to the new role. It's quite an honor, and I appreciate the trust that you and the Board continue to have in me. I'm excited to work with the leaders on this call, Dana, Dave and Jeff and all of our colleagues to take advantage of the great opportunities for Comcast's future. So now I'll begin on slide 4 with our third quarter consolidated 2022 financial results. Revenue decreased 1.5% to $29.8 billion, reflecting the comparison to last year's quarter, which included the Tokyo Summer Olympics as well as a headwind from currency translation at Sky and our international theme parks due to the strengthening dollar. After adjusting for both of these items, our revenue was up about 7% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA increased 5.9% to $9.5 billion and on a constant currency basis increased about 8%. We generated $3.4 billion of free cash flow and we reported an EPS loss of $1.05 per share, which was mainly impacted by an impairment charge at Sky. We test goodwill annually across the company in the third quarter. Challenging economic conditions in the UK and other European markets have resulted in a significant increase in discount rates used in the annual impairment analysis and reduced estimated future cash flows at Sky. As a result, we have taken an impairment charge related to Sky goodwill and intangible assets totaling $8.6 billion. On an adjusted basis EPS increased 10% to $0.96 per share. And on a constant currency basis, adjusted EPS increased about 12%. Now let's turn to our business segment results starting with Cable Communications on slide 5. Cable revenue increased 2.6% to $16.5 billion, driven by higher rate and volume in residential broadband as well as growth in business services, wireless and advertising. The strong growth in these businesses was partially offset by lower revenue in video and voice. Total customer relationships were up 315,000 compared to last year and down 21,000 sequentially in the third quarter. Diving further into the details, first our revenue growth drivers. Broadband revenue increased 5.7% driven by growth in ARPU and in our customer base compared to last year. Broadband ARPU increased 3.7% year-over-year consistent with the growth rate in the second quarter. We expect ARPU growth will continue to be the primary driver of our residential broadband revenue growth in the near term. Wireless revenue increased 31% mainly driven by service revenue, which was fueled by growth in customer lines. We added 1.3 million lines over the last year including 333,000 lines in the quarter, which is our highest number of net additions for any quarter on record and marks the fourth consecutive quarter of adding more than 300,000 lines. Business services revenue increased 9.4% or approximately 5% excluding the acquisition of Masergy, which closed at the beginning of last year's fourth quarter. This healthy organic growth was driven by increases in both ARPU and our customer base. We continue to see healthy performance across our diverse customer segments including SMB, mid-market and enterprise with this quarter's organic growth driven by a mix shift to a higher data speeds and increased sales of our advanced services, as well as rate increases and growth in our customer base. Advertising revenue increased 7.2% primarily driven by political and our advanced advertising business FreeWheel partially offset by a decline in our local core advertising business and the absence of our streaming business XUMO. As we previously announced XUMO is now part of our joint venture with Charter with those results reported in Corporate and Other. If we exclude the impact of XUMO, cable advertising revenue would have increased 12%. Partially offsetting the growth from these revenue drivers was video revenue, which declined 4.4%, driven by year-over-year customer net losses partially offset by 6% ARPU growth due to a residential rate increase at the beginning of this year. And last, voice revenue declined 12.5% primarily reflecting year-over-year customer losses. Turning to expenses. Cable Communications third quarter expenses increased 0.5%, reflecting higher non-programming expenses mostly offset by lower programming expenses. Programming expenses decreased 2.8% reflecting the year-over-year decline in video customers, partially offset by higher contractual rates. Non-programming expenses increased 2.5% driven by growth in other expenses due to an increase in bad debt compared to last year, reflecting a return to more normalized levels and increased technical and product support expenses driven by growth in our wireless business as well as the addition of Masergy. These higher costs were partially offset by a decline in advertising marketing and promotion expenses partly due to the comparison to last year, which included some Olympic sponsorship spending as well as lower activity levels. The lower activity levels coupled with the improvements we continue to make in our customer experience also contributed to the decrease in customer service expenses. Cable EBITDA increased 5.4% to $7.5 billion in the quarter with Cable EBITDA margins improving 120 basis points year-over-year, reaching a record high of 45.1%. And on a per customer relationship basis, we grew EBITDA 4% as we focus on monetizing these relationships over their lifetime. Before moving to NBCUniversal, Hurricane Ian has impacted our footprint in Southwest Florida causing outages and damage to our cable network that our cable team is still repairing. Many of our customers' homes and commercial locations were severely damaged or destroyed. While our third quarter results were not impacted by the storm, we expect to report an impact in the fourth quarter including net losses of broadband customers. Now let's turn to slide 6 for NBCUniversal. Starting with total NBCUniversal results, revenue decreased 4.3% to $9.6 billion, reflecting the difficult comparison to last year, which included $1.8 billion from the Tokyo Olympics included in our media segment. EBITDA increased to 24.6% to $1.7 billion. Media revenue decreased 23% to $5.2 billion, again reflecting the comparison to the revenue associated with the Tokyo Olympics last year. Excluding the Olympics, Media revenue increased 4.4% driven by Peacock with revenue of $506 million, which more than doubled compared to last year. Distribution revenue increased 4.6% reflecting growth at Peacock driven by increases in paid subscribers compared to last year, as well as higher contractual rates at our networks partially offset by linear subscriber declines that accelerated sequentially. Advertising revenue increased 4.7% reflecting strong increases from Peacock, partially offset by a decline in linear advertising. Media EBITDA decreased 41.5% to $583 million in the third quarter, including a $614 million EBITDA loss at Peacock. We continue to expect Peacock's EBITDA loss will be roughly $2.5 billion for the year, with the fourth quarter's loss reflecting the cost of new content. Excluding Peacock Media EBITDA in the third quarter decreased 21% reflecting the difficult comparison to last year's Tokyo Olympics, as well as revenue pressure at our linear networks. Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect Media growth ex-Peacock to be impacted by a gradual acceleration in pay TV cord cutting, as well as some deterioration in the ad market reflecting broader economic uncertainty, as well as higher costs associated with the broadcast of the World Cup on Telemundo. Moving to Studios. Revenue increased 31% to $3.2 billion driven by strong theatrical and content licensing revenue. Theatrical revenue more than doubled compared to last year, driven by the success of our summer film slate including Jurassic World: Dominion, Minions: Rise of Gru, Black Phone and Nope. In addition, content licensing was up 17% driven by the benefit of our carryover titles and the acceleration in film windows, as well as healthy growth in television licensing. EBITDA increased $358 million to $537 million for the quarter primarily reflecting the higher theatrical and content licensing revenue, partially offset by the corresponding higher programming and production costs, and also the benefit of the timing of marketing costs that we incurred in the second quarter for films in the third quarter. Last at Theme Parks, revenue increased 42% to $2.1 billion. And EBITDA increased 89% to $819 million, our highest level of EBITDA on record. These results were driven by growth in each of our parks. At Universal Beijing, we had our first profitable quarter since opening compared to the third quarter last year, when it incurred $130 million of preopening costs. At our US parks, we continue to see strong demand with attendance and guest spending increasing year-over-year. In fact, Orlando, broke a new record delivering its highest level of EBITDA for a third quarter despite the park being closed for two days due to Hurricane Ian. Universal Japan, continues to rebound since capacity restrictions were lifted at the end of March and compared to last year when the park operated under more strict COVID-related controls.  Now let's turn to Slide 7 for Sky. As I said earlier, our reported results were meaningfully impacted from the currency translation due to the strengthening dollar, but I will speak to Sky's results on a constant currency basis. For the third quarter, Sky revenue was consistent compared to last year at $4.3 billion, as low single-digit growth in the UK was mostly offset by lower revenue in Italy and Germany. Direct-to-consumer revenue was also consistent compared to last year, reflecting low single-digit growth in the UK driven by broadband and wireless revenue offset by declines in Italy and Germany. On a customer basis, we added 320,000 customer relationships in the quarter, with positive additions across all three territories: the UK, Italy and Germany. These net additions were driven by streaming customers, due to the timing of unique content and the early start of football seasons, including the EPL to accommodate the timing of the World Cup in the fourth quarter. We do not expect a similar level of additions in the fourth quarter. Rounding out the rest of revenue at Sky, content revenue increased 6.4% driven by licensing our entertainment content. And advertising revenue decreased 1.6%, with lower revenue in Italy, and relatively flat revenue in the UK and Germany, reflecting the difficult macro environment. Turning to EBITDA. Sky's EBITDA decreased 15.5% to $701 million, primarily reflecting the timing of sports costs, again, due to the early start of the football seasons and the shift of matches into the third quarter to accommodate the timing of the World Cup in the fourth quarter. While this shift will benefit sports costs in the fourth quarter as four weeks of games are paused, results will also be impacted by the challenging economic environment in Europe. And we will incur higher sports costs in the first half of 2023, reflecting the higher number of games as the season is extended and the remainder of the paused games are played. Now, I'll wrap up with free cash flow and capital allocation on slide 8. We generated $3.4 billion of free cash flow this quarter. Consolidated total capital increased 24% due to increased spending at NBCUniversal and Cable, partially offset by a decrease at Sky. The increase at NBCUniversal was driven by higher CapEx at parks, as we continue to invest in attractions and make significant progress in building Epic Universe in Orlando. Cable capital spend increased 17% with CapEx intensity coming in at 12.2%, due to timing. On a year-to-date basis, Cable CapEx intensity was 10.4%, and we continue to expect Cable CapEx intensity to be around 11% for the year. Working capital was $1 billion for the third quarter, reflecting the continued ramp in content creation and the timing of annual sports rights payments. As we enter the fourth quarter and look to our year ahead, we remain focused on driving long-term growth during an increasingly challenged economic environment. As a result, we expect we'll be taking severance and other cost reduction-related charges in the fourth quarter in anticipation of expense reduction actions that will provide benefits in 2023 and beyond. Wrapping-up with capital allocation, last month, we increased our buyback authorization to $20 billion, up from $10 billion. And during the quarter, we repurchased $3.5 billion worth of our shares. In addition, dividend payments totaled $1.2 billion for a total return of capital in the third quarter of $4.7 billion. We ended the quarter with net leverage at 2.3 times, in line with our expectations for leverage to remain around 2.4 times. Thanks for joining us on the call this morning. I'll turn it back to Marci, who will lead the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Mike. Operator, let's open the call for Q&A please.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. Brian, I'd love to hear from you, how you're thinking about capital allocation given just we've had this significant increase in cost of capital and investors are highly focused on where you guys are making your big bet in the business. How are you thinking about priorities, including M&A, just given the backdrop we're in right now and some of the macro concerns we see ahead of us? And along those lines, one of the big announcements you guys and you talked about in your prepared remarks is into the cable network around DOCSIS 4. So, I'd love to hear from Dave, sort of what are the capital needs to get where you want to go over the next few years? Is that going to drive up CapEx? Is there an argument to spend the money faster to help the business differentiate better in the market, or how do you think about the benefits to the business from getting to DOCSIS 4.0 over the next few years? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Ben. Let me just start and then kick it to Mike. Given his new job, I'm looking for him to help on those capital allocation questions quite a bit. But I think the bar is the highest it's been in terms of M&A. Obviously, cost of capital has gone up and we think our stock is attractive and have increased the buyback as Mike just said, we announced both in actions this quarter and in our Board authorization. So, we feel really great about that opportunities to look at things, but we really like the company we've got. Mike, why don't you do that? Dave can talk about DOCSIS 4.
Mike Cavanagh: Sure, Ben. Thanks. Good morning. So, I'd just step back a little bit and think about what we do with capital through the lens of start with how we generate capital. So, if you look at this quarter, you see we had record margins in the Cable business, 45%. We had record profits in the Theme Parks business and record profits in the Studio businesses, so just to call out a few examples. And those are the result of us putting tremendous energy and effort and capital back in our businesses. So, when we talk about the formula that we've got, it's always with the view to have growth opportunities in our existing businesses, so we can put capital to work and in the future get the kind of results we've had now on the back of the investments that we have had in the past. So, priority one right now is to invest in the network. I'll let Dave expand on that. But we've got a great path to symmetrical multi-gig through DOCSIS 4.0 in a reasonable time frame at reasonable cost inside the envelope that we talked about of about 11% CapEx intensity. We've got Theme Parks with Epic Universe well underway. We've got investment in streaming with Peacock that Jeff will talk about. So, we're excited about putting money first and foremost back into our businesses to drive great results for years to come. And so that's the virtuous cycle that you see. So that's step one, put money back in the business. Two, keep a strong balance sheet. We get asked a lot about that. But I think, when you look at the environment we're in, I think we're happy to have what I would say is the best strongest balance sheet in the business period. So, I think that's piece two. And then piece three and I'm very happy with the results Brian talked about $9.5 billion of buybacks year-to-date, $5 billion-ish run rate of dividends for the year. We were asked the questions over the last several years, are we committed? And when we got back to leverage targets would we be able to -- would we be committed, are we committed to returning capital to shareholders? And we said all along that it was our highest priority to get back to that place, but to do it in the context of the formula I just described. So, I think, hopefully, everybody has confidence that we understand that formula and you all understand that formula. So as you look ahead on capital return, I think, we're going to be guided as we've been in the recent past by our leverage. We'll stay around 2.4 times leverage while doing all the things I just described and that will dictate ample amount of return to shareholders. So that's that. And then, I think, on the M&A side of things, it's -- we like the business we have. With all the opportunities we have in the businesses and the stock where it is, I see us very focused on the opportunities in the business and as I just described. So I'll give Dave -- over to Dave for DOCSIS 4.0. 
David Watson: Thanks, Mike. Hello, Ben. So one of the -- our game plans have always been to consistently invest in the network. I think our network is one of our core strengths. We have this ubiquitous footprint and we serve every segment with, I think, a great round of broadband tiers. So -- and we're able to do things like we just announced, the 20 million customers just had a speed upgrade. We've been doing this consistently. So the initiatives that we have are -- it's a great road map, starting with what we've talked about mid-split capability in DOCSIS and that rolls to DOCSIS 4.0. And also we're going to play offense to just adding more passing. So we're anticipating longer-term growth in broadband, real opportunities in every segment. And so, in terms of mid-splits, we're rolling it out right now, delivering multi-gig download speeds and upload speeds that are on a 200 to 300 megabits, which is up to 10 times faster than our current upload speed. So will be deployed to 20% of our footprint by the end of this year and will be -- by the end of 2025 we'll be -- it will be serving the vast majority of our footprint with mid-split. And then on the back of this to DOCSIS 4.0, will be in the market in the second half of 2023 with multi-gig symmetrical speeds, as Mike mentioned. And the vast majority of our footprint will begin the process in 2025. So we do all of this with the CapEx intensity of around 11%. And we're able to do this as we virtualize key parts of the network. It's part of the road map to be able to do this. So we'll have the most effective and efficient, I think, game plan in regards to the network. And we're also going to limit the amount of CPE change-outs that are required, whether its video set-top boxes, gateways, we're able to just focus on serving every segment effectively and efficiently. So -- and what we're seeing, it's early, but we really like the customer experience benefits as we do this. But it's a really effective very efficient road map. We're real pleased with our position to serve ubiquitously. I think -- by the way, one of the big reasons why our -- that we have a near record low churn, because our network is so solid. 
Ben Swinburne: Thanks, everyone.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Ben, Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks, so much. One for Mike, one for Dave. Congrats Mike on the promotion. On the hurricane commentary for the 4Q net losses of broadband customers is there any sizing or context for how big the hurricane impact might be? And whether ex hurricane there would have been positive broadband net adds for 4Q, if I heard your comment correctly? And then for Dave, I just wanted to follow-up on DOCSIS 4.0 from Ben's question. I'm just curious how would you articulate the end state for DOCSIS 4.0-based network or node versus a fiber-based one? There's a lot of debate as to whether DOCSIS will be fully competitive on speed and latency particularly from a consumer perception basis? And is there any other benefits to an upgraded plan that we should consider relative to your operations today as you push forward these upgrades? Thank you both.
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks Doug. I'll let Dave really chime in. It's his team that's doing amazing work to get the network back up in Southwest Florida those are our markets. They were -- like Brian said earlier, our plant was the one hit hardest. It will be in the tens of thousands, but we're still working on the numbers in terms of homes that -- residences that won't turn back on, but we'll tell you what the number is when we get through it during the course of this quarter. And you can look back at some hurricane experiences, it's typically tens and tens of thousands.
Dave Watson: Hey, Doug. Let me -- so, piggyback on what Mike was saying in regards to the hurricane really remarkable. We have just amazing teammates that respond to these moments. It's just incredible. I think it's a testament to how we run the business. We run it very locally. And so our teammates live and work in these communities which we serve. And so, they were positioned to get to work almost immediately even when in some cases, they're personally dealing with situation. So we've started rebuilding and repairing right away. It's a pretty big area of impact for us in Florida. It's about -- in terms of just sizing, it seasonally, it's about half of our seasonal activity that was impacted by this hurricane. So, when you look at it, I think Mike mentioned in terms of the overall impact on subs with -- have that kind of impact that will be negative in terms of broadband. But when you look at the underlying business, I think we're around the same as where we were in Q3. The conditions are similar in that regard. So, in terms of fiber, in terms of DOCSIS that in state, I think we have all the benefits of DOCSIS the roadmap that we have. And in terms of the customer experience, in terms of multi-gig speeds that are symmetrical and the roadmap that we have I don't really see a difference. And by the way, we build a lot of fiber into our network today. And we were able with this architecture to feather in fiber to be able to serve MDUs directly where needed. And so we just have the flexibility within DOCSIS to pull fiber deeper as needed. And so, we actually provide a significant amount of fiber today already. But we really don't to -- it minimizes as I mentioned Doug earlier the need to change out a bunch of CapEx. But I really like the roadmap to get to multi-gig symmetrical over the long run. And to me that puts us right there and do it in a ubiquitous way where other network providers are having to pick and choose how they get to certain communities. We serve every community with our every tier of broadband that we have.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks Doug. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett : Yes. Hi. Let's talk about wireless if we could a bit. There have been reports that you've been pretty aggressively deploying strand-mounted small cells to offload traffic. I'm wondering if you could just talk a little bit about your experience thus far with traffic offload. It's still today mostly on Wi-Fi. But what you're thinking in terms of how much traffic can be offloaded? And is there the potential for something broader than just the CBRS strategy with getting some of your own mid-band spectrum to try to offload significantly more traffic? And just what do you think the margins of that business could ultimately look like?
Dave Watson : Hey, Craig, Dave. So let me start with where we're at right now with mobile and I'll talk about spectrum. We really like our trajectory in mobile. Obviously, we had a record-setting net add quarter. And so we like our capital-light approach. We like our position what we're able to do competitively, how we surround broadband. With mobile we get to play offense. And we also get to package mobile with business services. Business services in small business is in the market now with mobile and having -- it's early, but having great success out of the gates with that. So when you combine By the Gig with new unlimited pricing that we have and then compare it against the telephone companies, we can help customers save up to 50% in some cases. So it's -- we're well positioned to compete with mobile today. But -- and as I said so we really like our position the capital light that we have. But we do view providing enhanced 5G connectivity service areas where we have a high concentration of traffic as a very good potential opportunity. So we've always been opportunistic. Today Wi-Fi is a part of how we look at managing our network. Most of the traffic goes over Wi-Fi today. So we look at the spectrum whether it's CBRS or 600 megahertz spectrum as a good opportunity. So there's nothing new really to talk about, but we're testing. And we've talked about that before. We're working closely with Charter on modeling out the potential in these high dense traffic areas and what the savings could be. But no new news at this point Craig in terms of specific modeling opportunities. But we do look at it as a potential opportunity down the road. 
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Craig. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brett Feldman: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. So you mentioned during your prepared remarks that for now you would expect that broadband ARPU growth would be the primary driver of overall broadband revenue growth. We've definitely gotten a little pushback from investors on that. They look at a more competitive market and households having lots of other pressures in their budgets in an inflationary environment. And so what gives you confidence that you can sustain a profile of ARPU growth? How do you think that's going to break down between rate increases or upselling or maybe something else? Thank you.
Dave Watson : Well, good question. And part of it is our results. You look at our results consistently that we've had in a very competitive environment, we've been dealing with very intense competitive activity for a long time now. We've had fiber overbuild now over -- just over 40% new competitive entrants. And so we've been able to -- and part of the reason why, I think, we do perform well and we have a balanced approach in terms of share and ARPU is we serve every segment and we break it down by every segment. So we had healthy ARPU growth of 3.7% in Q3. And we look at the opportunities to focus on tier mix as an opportunity. So starting with HSD-only and then how we package. And we surround again we leverage mobile to do some of the lifting in terms of value and focusing on broadband ARPU there. We take a very balanced approach towards rates. We do have rate increases that we manage through. And we've had -- segmentation is part of our acquisition plan but it's also part of our retention plan. We have -- we model out retention opportunities by segment. And so we've been very disciplined, I think, in terms of all these things. And so it's an opportunity for us to drive both share and balance ARPU growth. We've been doing it over a very long time. And we anticipate competition to be very substantial. And -- but we also look at the road map that we have and being able to leverage mobile and other services. And so we like our position. We've always taken a balanced approach towards ARPU and share. 
Brian Roberts: And just one other point to add, you know, long-term or longer term, I continue to believe broadband is so critical. It's such an important dynamic part of our society and it's changing all the time, and people want the best. And the best is experience. It's speed, it's innovation, it's service and that's what we're really focused on and we've been that way. And I think it's why we have the number one position today and we want to retain that. 
Brett Feldman: Thank you.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Brett. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Rollins from Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Rollins: Thanks and good morning. Just sticking in the Cable business. If you look at the pace of video revenue, would you expect the current pace of video cord cutting to continue at this level? And how much of the video losses that you're experiencing are simply a function of changing customer preferences for consumption relative to the elasticity from the pricing initiatives to offset the higher programming costs? 
Dave Watson: I'll start. This is Dave. The -- I anticipate the changing nature of video to continue. We've anticipated it. We've looked at this. We've been able to manage through it and the focus on multiple growth drivers for us in terms of broadband, business services, mobile events. But we also have looked at video as a broad platform opportunity. So, yes, we've had the fluid nature of video putting pressure on the more mature tiers of video service, but we've also offset a substantial part of that through Flex. We've invested in the ability to do smart TV thanks -- the joint venture with Charter is an opportunity. So we view video as an opportunity long-term as a platform. So we will continue to focus on that. And I think that will balance both things. But we've navigated through I think this before but I don't see it changing. 
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Mike. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Questions. One on Cable and one on NBCU. On Cable you talked like I guess it was about nine years ago when you introduced or announced the Comcast Technology Center. Can you talk about the progress you've made in making Comcast a leading hub of innovation how your view of Comcast position I think you called it like unique cross-section of media and technology. How has that changed over time or evolved? And then on NBCU I can't believe you haven't gotten questions really. But what are the long-term aspirations for Peacock let's say over the next three to 4 five years what do you think it will look like? And can you talk about on Theme Parks the advanced bookings or visibility? Are international visitors coming back yet? 
Jeff Shell: Yes. We'll take it -- this is Jeff Jessica. I was hoping to get no questions so you broke my streak here. But we're going to do it in reverse order a little bit here. So in the Theme Park business record quarter in the third quarter first quarter ever profitability in Beijing. And despite the economic uncertainty that you see elsewhere in the economy we're seeing no effects of that right now in the Theme Parks even in terms of our performance our actual performance or our bookings going forward. Florida is really strong. Hollywood is really strong. Japan really ended the quarter pretty strong. So it kind of defies logic a little bit but part of it is based on the investments Brian outlined in his opening were really paying off. So the Theme Park business is really strong and we're seeing no weakness there. As far as Peacock our long-term aspirations on Peacock is for it to be -- to balance out our overall Media business. I think we've said all along that we -- our strategy in streaming is different than some of the premium SVOD players like Netflix and Disney+. We view it as a part of our business. We manage it as one. We make decisions on programming as one. We sell advertising across the business as one. And as viewership shifts to -- from linear to Peacock we want Peacock to get to a level and a scale that causes our business to be balanced as consumer sentiments and advertiser sentiments change. And very pleased with our performance in this quarter over 15 million and we're right on track for what we expected to do as we've built that business.
Brian Roberts: Okay. Dave, why don't you start on innovation and I'll add at the end? I think it's a great question.
Dave Watson: Yeah, it is Jessica. So this is -- this facility is a big part not the only part, but a big part of how we think about long-term growth and innovation. And so it really -- when you think about the teams over there it culturally has changed the company I think in terms of getting multiple groups multiple teams together to work on exciting projects that literally changes categories. And if you look at video what we -- the question before you go from the linear video delivery system to a broad-based platform on multiple devices. This innovation happened with teams over there being able to change broadband and to tie in WiFi and to be able to do it for residential and business services and being able to deliver leading gateway devices and the road map that I talked about from mid-split to DOCSIS 4.0 happened over there. In addition, the teams are changing the customer experience there as well and very focused on digital and what is possible to be able to help customers do everything over any device. And so, you look at where things are going the Internet of Things being able with devices and cameras being able to tie everything together. This is where these teams are focused on what's possible. So, it really has been game changing in terms of what we've been doing.
Brian Roberts: I'll just quickly add that post the pandemic, it's pretty exciting to walk through the technology center and see people back at work and the energy and buzz. But I think of ourselves as a unique media and technology company and we're focused on this sector. We view the competition has changed. It includes the tech companies on the West Coast and we have been looking to add to that scale. And I think we made real progress in the last 12 months for things like our voice remote which for those who have it, whether you're using it for a streaming service or for a video bundle, were to now do other things and look up your account and many other aspects of how voice is deeply embedded in all of our products on Sky Glass globally. We now have between Sky, the new Charter arrangement previous deals with Cox and all of Canadian operators are virtually all a roadmap for innovation. And I think as we look forward to the company that's what's going to keep powering what Mike was talking about the virtuous cycle of investment and return. So, we're all mindful of the economy and the world that we live in, but we have a pretty unique company. And this is a big part of what I think will make it more unique in the future is to continue to try to innovate. So, glad you asked that question. 
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks Jessica. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Cusick with JPMorgan.
Philip Cusick: Hi guys. Thank you and Mike congratulations again. We've danced around it a little bit. But Brian I want to ask about your sort of vision of the video ecosystem because we see this linear acceleration to the downside. Peacock is growing, but Comcast and Charter and I think Cox customers get that for free now. And so maybe Brian talk about where the video ecosystem is growing and how the company shifts the way you make money there? And Jeff remind us what success is in Peacock paying subs and MAUs over time and how you sort of balance that Media business model overall? Is that fair?
Brian Roberts: Very fair. I think let me just start and I'll let my colleagues join in. The way we're trying to manage the company and we said this several years ago, which was a shift was we saw a change coming and we tried to think like a customer and think like the consumer. And we've learned I -- at least think I've tried to learn from other successes with that mentality. And the consumers many consumers didn't want the big video package. And so what -- we can fight that or we can try to embrace it. And so our leadership in broadband was the first evidence of okay let's try to embrace it. Let's put Netflix on X1 going back several years. And more people I think in a Comcast market view Netflix via X1 than any other device. I think that's still relatively true, Dave you can comment on that. Our voice remote integrated all of Netflix's content and along came many others. Let's just jump to Apple most recently. I think we have the best integration in the world of Apple TV+ on our consumer devices. Over on the content side at NBCUniversal that create -- that change allowed us to create content for Netflix or Amazon or Apple many others. We own one-third of Hulu. So when we bought the company, all of our content was committed to Hulu in the streaming -- much of our content. As we've discussed that relationship's in -- changed and much of it is now back on Peacock. And Peacock has only been out there for a couple of years and super successful and a great quarter. And congratulations to all of NBCUniversal and the Peacock team for the results this quarter in my opinion. And we came up with a different model since we were starting at a different time and ad-centric low cost to the consumer. So again it's back thinking from the consumer's perspective, how do we fit in and how do we do so on a profitable long-term value-creating way. And so the results you're seeing this quarter, I mean if you look at last year, last year was our best year in EBITDA and our best year in EPS in the 60 years Comcast has been in business. And we're on pace to do better in this year than last year. So I think we have a good model, but it starts with thinking from the customer. And so the shift in video, we got to a place where we're actually somewhat indifferent. What the consumer prefers we want to be for the customer. And then if they're now taking our mobile product, they're getting an even better value. And if they're taking Peacock, they're getting an even continued relationship with NBC if they've changed how they're consuming. So I think we're in a very unique playing offense in a very changing world in a way that continues to yield great results for the company. 
Jeff Shell: Yeah. So let me jump in Brian, and Phil Ill take your question on Peacock. So if you go to 30,000 feet and look at the NBCUniversal business, the business at our core is producing content. And if you look at this quarter alone most successful profitable quarter in the history of the movie business. We think our movie business is second to none right now. Our TV business has expanded dramatically. We sell as Brian said to others in addition to ourselves. Our news division second to none, and our sports division is doing really great. And so if you want to -- if you have a great content business the way you maximize your returns is having platforms where you can have the flexibility to put your content on your own platforms and move it around to give your content the best chance of success. And we've had that over the years. So when you look at Peacock what is the definition of success? It's really two things. One is taking that ecosystem that I just talked about and giving yourself an addition to your platform, which allows you more flexibility to maximize the return of your content both in terms of allowing it -- a show to have a better chance of being a hit or a movie to have a better return when you can move it around, and have the right platform for the right piece of content. So we want to get Peacock to a scale where we're fairly indifferent between content going on linear and content going on Peacock and having the best platform out there. And we think we're well on our way to that. The second is just the traditional way you look at any investment, which is that we're investing a lot of money in Peacock. And we view the fact that it's going to get to a level of profitability that will generate a return on that investment that will add value to shareholders. And this quarter makes us more confident that we're along that trajectory. So those are really the two measures.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks Phil. Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Hodulik from UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Hey, thank you. Maybe last one for Dave, back on the Cable side. The business market certainly emerged as one of the drivers of revenue growth in that segment. And it sounds like you guys are having some real success across small, medium and enterprise markets. I mean just any commentary on sort of penetration levels in those markets give us a sense of how much runway you have? And then commentary on sort of the profitability of that business segment versus say the rest of the Cable business? Thanks.
Dave Watson: Hey, John, so look we  as Brian mentioned, one of the core growth drivers for us is business services. I'm really glad you asked about it because the team is doing an outstanding job. When you look at our performance in business services, we outperformed all competitors and peers. It really is a very interesting long-term consistent performance from our group. Bill Stemper and the team have really done a terrific job. And we're generating now approaching $10 billion in annual revenue and have a great opportunity to grow further. So it's high margins. And you look at the addressable marketplace, we're serving less than  we have less than 20% share of our addressable marketplace of $50 billion in our footprint. So you break it down SMB, we are  along with share and very focused on that but we're also very focused on the corollary to what we talked about early in residential is ARPU. And we focus both share and revenue and with WiFi, enhanced WiFi for small business customers, wireless backup, cameras security and now mobile. So we have a strong portfolio to go up against the telephone companies with and it's working. So very balanced approach towards growth. In mid-market and enterprise, it is a key long-term growth opportunity. And there it's more sophisticated applications like SD-WAN, enhanced security and UCaaS, the advanced unified messaging. So  and Masergy has just been a terrific addition, giving us international scale in being able to help us with certain applications. So no specifics beyond that but it really is a very important part of our business and they're doing a terrific job. 
End of Q&A:
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks John. And thank you everyone for joining us this morning.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session and today's conference call. A replay of the call will be available starting at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time today on Comcast Investor Relations website. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Executive Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Dave Watson, Jeff Shell and Dana Strong. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks, while Dave, Jeff and Dana will also be available for Q&A. Let me now refer you to Slide 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marci, and hello everyone. Our financial results were very strong across the board once again this quarter. We grew second quarter consolidated revenue by 5%, adjusted EBITDA by 10%, and adjusted EPS by 20%. We accomplished this while continuing to invest in our businesses and returned significant capital to shareholders. Specifically we bought back $3 billion worth of our stock in the quarter, bringing our total to $6 billion year-to-date. And we continue to have a healthy dividend and one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. Our prudent financial management and long-term innovation-based strategy are paying off in Cable which posted 5% growth in EBITDA and 70 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion. In fact, our EBITDA margin reached a record high of nearly 45% this quarter. While weve added nearly 800,000 broadband subscribers in the past 12 months, more recently that pace has slowed and we posted flat broadband subscriber additions in the second quarter. Id like to dig into what we are seeing in that area. Broadband additions of course are basically a function of churn and connect activity. While churn remains well below 2019, connect activity was also lower than what we generally see in the second quarter. We believe this is primarily the result of three factors. The first category is move activity. As weve discussed for some time now, theres been a dramatic slowdown in moves across our footprint with the second quarter below 2019 by 12% and the lowest weve experienced since the pandemic began. Our win share of new customer acquisition opportunities remains high, but the slowdown in moves has resulted in fewer of these jump balls and this had had the largest impact on our gross connects. The second category is a reversal of some pandemic trends. During the pandemic, many customers, particularly at lower income levels sought to optimize home based solutions by adding broadband. This presented us with significant opportunity to take more share in residential broadband. In fact, in the first year of the pandemic, we added nearly 50% or 600,000 more customers than our prior annual average growth. At this stage in the pandemic, those opportunities have waned as consumer behavior has begun to return to pre-pandemic patterns. Weve also seen some give back to a normalization of mobile substitution. In addition during the pandemic, seasonality patterns were very different than what we had seen historically and this really began to also normalize in this second quarter, causing more seasonal disconnects that did not occur at typical levels in the prior two years. The last bucket is increased competition. Fixed wireless is a new entrant in the marketplace and while there are likely to be significant long-term limitations, todays excess capacity in wireless networks is creating what we believe to be a temporary opportunity targeted at value-oriented customers. We are not seeing fixed wireless have any discernible impact on our churn, but its early growth appears to be another contributor to our lower connect activity. In addition, we continue to compete against fiber in an increasing percentage of our footprint. Notwithstanding these industry and mostly macro-related factors, we remain extremely confident. We have spent decades investing and innovating to build a business that is well-positioned to succeed in the environment were seeing and we certainly expect a return to residential broadband subscriber additions. How do we plan to do that? Well were working hard to expand our footprint, taking advantage of growth in housing and businesses in our current markets, accelerating edge outs into new areas and we are playing offense when it comes to government subsidies.
DOCSIS 4.0,: Im also confident and frankly more excited in our ability to drive revenue and EBITDA growth even through our existing subscriber base alone. Weve had a history of generating strong and steady ARPU growth as we continue to add tremendous value and improvement to the customer experience. Our margins are some of the highest in the industry which highlights the stability and operating leverage of our business, the diversification of our revenue streams, and the strength of our other important growth drivers in Cable. In particular, business services and wireless have been two substantial contributors to Cables financial strength and each still has lots of runway ahead. Business Services had another strong quarter of revenue growth and in just over a decade weve grown this to nearly $10 billion in high-margin annual revenue including the addition of almost $1 billion in the last 12 months alone. In Wireless, we added 317,000 customers this quarter and similarly have added over $700 million in incremental revenue in the past 12 months and weve barely scratched the surface of the opportunity here at only 8% penetration of our residential broadband customers. Wrapping up on Cable, we are in a unique environment with some headwinds, but move activity should return to some level of normalcy. Mobile substitution will eventually stabilize and we believe fixed wireless has inherent performance and capacity limitations that sharply limit the number of people on a network using a given amount of spectrum, which should provide a natural cap on their overall industry penetration. Moreover, we believe that our path to deliver multi-gigabit speeds together with the other features and functionality we offer will make our broadband experience superior to any of our competitors over the long-term. In the meantime we will maintain the discipline weve always had and I am confident that we will strike the right balance between subscriber acquisition, our long-term profitability, and we all believe we have a very bright future in this business. Moving to NBCUniversal, we had a very strong quarter with EBITDA growth of 20% year-over-year. Our Parks segment continued its momentum generating record EBITDA for the second quarter and this is without much contribution from Beijing which was closed for nearly two months. Domestic park attendance and per caps continue to be above pre-pandemic levels and we are moving full steam ahead in building Epic Universe. I cannot be more excited for how this park will bring new experiences to our visitors and additional runway for growth. NBCU Media remains a very healthy business. We just completed the highest-grossing upfront in our history, a testament to our content and a superb team, and the unique data and technology innovation we deliver through one platform. This year we secured more than $7 billion in commitments including $1 billion at Peacock, double what we did in the 2021, 2022 season along with strong pricing.
Phone,: For Peacock, early access to premium universal films is a proven driver of subscriber acquisition and engagement. As we discussed during our last call, Peacock had a very strong first quarter, driven by a variety of extraordinary programming including the Super Bowl and Olympics.
Hulu: At Sky we are operating well in an increasingly difficult macro environment reporting our highest ever second quarter EBITDA. We grew revenue and EBITDA in the UK, which is our largest European market and the primary driver of our future growth. Calling out a couple of highlights, we are particularly pleased with the consumer response to Glass which resulted in Sky being the third largest ultra-high definition television selling brand in the second quarter. And we also recorded our highest ever Premier League final day viewership, taking 30% audience share. In addition, we're seeing the benefit of our disciplined approach to sports rights in both Italy and Germany, where EBITDA also improved year-over-year. In reflecting on the last 24 months, which has been wrought with uncertainty, we have performed extremely well and continued to make progress against key initiatives. Our Cable business has achieved some of the highest margins in the industry while also delivering healthy top line growth. At NBCUniversal and Sky, they've shown resilience and continue to recover despite unique challenges from the pandemic. Together, we've generated nearly $30 billion in free cash flow. We're returning a record amount of capital to shareholders and our balance sheet is in a great place. We have also continued to invest in strategically important growth opportunities, including enhancing our world class broadband network, scaling Xfinity mobile, increasing our capabilities at Business Services, launching Peacock, completing Universal Beijing and starting construction at Epic, just to name a few. With substantial cash flow generation and a strong foundation for innovation, Comcast is in a wonderful position. Mike, over to you.
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks Brian and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 4 with our second quarter consolidated 2022 financial results. Revenue increased 5.1% to $30 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased to 10% to $9.8 billion. Adjusted EPS increased 20% to a $1.01 per share. And finally we generated $3.2 billion of free cash flow. Now let's turn to our business segment results starting with Cable Communications on Slide 5. Cable revenue increased 3.7% to $16.6 billion. EBITDA increased 5.3% to $7.4 billion. Cable EBITDA margins improved 70 basis points year-over-year reaching a record high margin of 44.9% and net cash flow grew 4.4% to $5.3 billion. Customer relationships are up 591,000 compared to last year and down 28,000 sequentially in the second quarter, reflecting lower levels of new customer connections given the current operating environment partially offset by low levels of churn, which remains well below 2019 levels. We are focused on delivering an excellent customer experience and monetizing our customer relationships over their lifetime and in in that regard, EBITDA per customer relationship grew by 3% in the quarter. Now let's discuss Cable financials in more detail. Cable revenue growth of 3.7% was driven by broadband business services, wireless and advertising revenue, partially offset by lower video and voice revenue. Broadband revenue increased 6.8% reflecting an increase of 3.6% in ARPU and growth in our residential customer base compared to last year. Net residential and business customers increased by 775,000 over the past 12 months with flat results in the second quarter. The trends that we saw through the second quarter have largely continued into the early parts of the third quarter with connects remaining soft while churn is still near all-time lows. This has resulted in a quarter-to-date loss of roughly 30,000 customers. July is typically the weakest month of the quarter and the vast majority of quarterly connect activity is weighted towards August and September, which is helped by back-to-school activity. While we're optimistic that we will have a healthy back-to-school season, short term visibility remains low and more importantly, beyond this temporary period, we are confident that our broadband speeds, reliability, coverage and control features continue to position us as the best-in-class product for our customers, allowing us to protect and grow our 32 million broadband customer base over time. Business Services, revenue increased 10% or approximately 6% excluding the acquisition of Masergy which closed at the beginning of last year's fourth quarter. This healthy organic growth was driven by increases in average rates per customer and in our customer base, which grew by 54,000 compared to last year with 10,000 additions in the second quarter. Moving to Wireless, revenue increased 30% mainly driven by service revenue, which was fueled by growth in customer lines. Overall, we added 1.2 million lines compared to last year, including 317,000 lines in the quarter, which was our highest net additions for any second quarter on record. Advertising revenue increased 10%, mainly fueled by political revenue as well as strong growth at both our advanced advertising business free will [ph] and at our streaming business Zumo, which was partially offset by decline in our local core advertising business. As a reminder, Zumo, which contributed about 20% of our advertising growth this quarter is now part of our Charter JV and beginning of the third quarter will no longer be reported in our Cable results. For Video revenue declined 2.4% driven by customer net losses totaling $1.8 million compared to last year, including $521,000 net losses in the quarter, partially offset by 7% ARPU growth due to residential rate increase at the beginning of this year. Last Voice revenue declined 12% primarily reflecting customer losses totaling $902,000 compared to last year, including $286,000 net losses in the quarter and reflects our shift in focus to bundling broadband with wireless. Turning to expenses, Cable Communications second quarter expenses increased 2.5%. Programming expenses decreased 1.6% reflecting the year-over-year decline in Video customers partially offset by higher contractual rates. Non-programming expenses increased 5.2% driven by growth in our Wireless business, expenses related to our recent acquisition of Masergy and an increase in bad debt as we returned to more normalized levels and compared to lower levels last year. These higher costs were partially offset by decline in customer service expenses, reflecting lower activity levels in the business, as well as improvement in customer experience initiatives. Wrapping up on Cable, we are very pleased with the 5.3% increase in EBITDA and record EBITDA margins. Even as we prioritize increasing investment in our network with CapEx intensity at nearly 11%, we generated a significant level of net cash flow, and we believe our ability to continue to generate strong and growing net cash flow out of the Cable business is sustainable. Now let's turn to Slide 6 for NBCUniversal. Starting with total NBCUniversal results, revenue increased 19% to $9.4 billion and EBITDA increased 19.5% to $1.9 billion. Media revenue increased 3.6% to $5.3 billion, driven by Peacock with revenue up $444 million, which is more than three and a half times higher compared to last year. Distribution revenue increased 8.4% reflecting growth at Peacock, driven by increases in paid subscribers compared to last year and growth at our networks as higher contractual rates were only partially offset by linear subscriber declines. Advertising revenue decreased 1.3% due to linear rating declines and a difficult comparison to last year when we had a higher number of sporting events and NHL, which we no longer have rights to, partially offset by a growing contribution from Peacock and higher pricing. Excluding the impact of sports timing and NHL advertising would have grown low single digits. Media EBITDA decreased 2.9% to $1.3 billion in the second quarter, including a $467 million EBITDA loss at Peacock. Excluding Peacock, Media EBITDA increased nearly 4% driven by a decrease in sports costs associated with a lower number of events compared to last year and the absence of the NHL. We continue to expect Peacock's EBITDA loss will be roughly $2.5 billion for the year; however, taking into consideration the timing of content launches, we expect losses to be higher in the second half, especially in the fourth quarter. Moving next to Studios, revenue increased 33% to $3 billion driven by higher theatrical and content licensing revenue. Theatrical revenue nearly tripled compared to last year's results, driven by an increase in a number of releases, as well as the success of these films, including the outstanding results of Jurassic World: Dominion. Content licensing revenue was up 19%, mainly driven by growth in TV licensing as production has returned to pre pandemic levels. EBITDA decreased $155 million to break even for the quarter, driven by an increase in programming and production costs associated with the higher content licensing and theatrical revenue in the current quarter, as well as an increase in marketing costs ahead of several film releases in late June and in July, including the very successful release of Minions: The Rise of Gru, Black Phone, and Nope. Last at Theme Parks revenue increased 65% to $1.8 billion and we generated EBITDA of $632 million, which was a record level for any second quarter, even though Universal Beijing was closed for most of the quarter due to COVID-related restrictions. These results show strong improvement compared to last year when Hollywood was operating at limited capacity and Japan was closed for part of the quarter. We continue to see strong demand and EBITDA growth at our US parks, where attendance and guest spending has been above 2019 levels, with Orlando delivering its highest level of EBITDA for any quarter and Hollywood experiencing its best second quarter EBITDA on record. Universal Japan has shown a nice rebound since capacity restrictions were lifted at the end of March with attendance having its strongest improvement since the pandemic and we expect momentum will build over the long-term. Universal Beijing was closed for about two months and reopened at the end of June, resulting in an EBITDA loss at that part of this quarter. However, this was still a financial improvement compared to the level of pre-opening costs we incurred in the same period last year. Since reopening the parks, the trends have been positive, despite capacity restrictions and testing requirements. While COVID remains a risk, we must manage, particularly in Asia, we remain bullish on the Parks business, both in the near and long-term. Now let's turn to Slide 7 for Sky, which I will speak to on a constant currency basis. For the second quarter, Sky revenue decreased 3.5% to $4.5 billion as low single digit growth in the UK was more than offset by our results in Italy and Germany, where we continued to transition through resets in our sports rights. Direct-to-consumer revenue decreased to 2.4% reflecting consistent average revenue for customer relationship and a decline in customer relationships compared to last year, including customer losses in the quarter of $255,000, which partially reflects normal customer churn associated with the end of the football season, as well as an increasingly challenging macroeconomic environment for consumers across Europe. Direct-to-consumer revenue in the UK increased low single digits in the quarter due to an increase in video revenue, primarily driven by higher revenue from pubs and clubs as they recover from the pandemic, as well as increases in wireless and broadband revenue. This growth in the UK was more than offset primarily by a decrease in revenue in Italy, due to the reset in our Syria broadcast rights. Rounding out the rest of revenue at Sky content revenue declined 16% driven by the reset in sports licensing agreements in Italy and Germany, and advertising revenue decreased 3.1% with growth in the UK and Germany, despite a difficult macro environment, more than offset by decline in Italy. Turning to EBITDA, Skys EBITDA increased 71% to $863 million reflecting our strong growth in the UK and improved results in Germany and Italy, mainly driven by lower sports programming and production costs due to resets in our sports rights. As a reminder, the upcoming World Cup will take place in the fourth quarter, which is the first time this event has taken place during National Leagues regular season schedules. To accommodate this national soccer leagues, including the EPL, well start the new season one to two weeks earlier in the third quarter, and then take a pause for a period of four game weeks in the fourth quarter while the World Cup is played. As a result, compared to last year, we will incur higher sports programming amortization in the third quarter with lower levels in the fourth quarter and higher again in the first half of next year. Now I'll wrap up with free cash flow and capital allocation on Slide 8. We generated $3.2 billion of free cash flow this quarter. Cash taxes of $2.75 billion included some items that drove us above the normal run rate by roughly $600 million. Consolidated total capital increased 12% reflecting significant progress in building Epic Universe in Orlando, higher capital spending at Cable driven by investments in line extensions and scalable infrastructure, partially offset by a decrease at Sky. For the year we continue to expect Cable CapEx intensity to stay around 11% as we work towards enhancing and transitioning our broadband network to DOCSIS 4.0 in the next several years, and NBCUniversal CapEx to be up around $1 billion dollars year-over-year, driven by the construction of Epic. Based on what we reported in the first six months of the year, that means total capital should be about $2.5 billion higher in the second half of the year compared to the first half. Working capital was $1.7 billion for the first half of 2022 and is likely to be slightly below this amount in the second half of the year, reflecting the continued ramp in content creation and the timing of annual sports rights payments. Turning to capital allocation, we repurchased $3 billion worth of our shares in the quarter. In addition, dividend payments totaled $1.2 billion for a total return of capital in the second quarter of $4.2 billion. We ended the quarter with net leverage at 2.3 times in line with our expectations for leverage to remain around 2.4 times going forward. So with that, thanks for joining us on the call this morning. I'll turn it back to Marci who will lead the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks Mike. Operator, let's open the call for Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you, good morning. Maybe this is a strategic question for Brian, and then I wanted to ask a follow up to Jeff. Brian, your balance sheet and cash flow generation is a real asset in markets that are tough and creates opportunity for the company. And obviously in the backdrop of broadband slowing and concerns around the future of streaming, and also some press reports about Comcast considering different strategic structures, just wondering if you could talk about the portfolio and how -- your level of confidence that you've got growth opportunities and the opportunity to create value. And if you're thinking about ways to deploy that balance sheet and capacity to change things or take advantage of opportunities in the market that may be there for you now that weren't there maybe over the last few years? And then Jeff, just on the Parks business, I guess with the GDP result this morning, we're officially in a recession, but it doesn't sound like that's the case at the Theme Park business. So can you talk a little bit about your visibility into the second half of the year and into next year, both in the U.S. and overseas and whether you have confidence you can continue to kind of deliver these record results at the Theme Park business despite what seems to be a weakening macro? Thank you, guys.
Brian Roberts: Thanks Ben. I think what I was trying to say at the end of my remarks was cutting right at your point. I think we are in a fabulous place. We have kind of unprecedented cash flow and scale by our -- what we've got as one company. We're working really well together. We always think about, whether this is the competitive right set for the company and I feel it is. If you look at all the broad diversified growth drivers that came out here again in the second quarter, whether it's Wireless net adds at a record near record levels, or the Business Service growth back to high single digits, the new attendance records to your question about Theme Parks, domestically the last couple of years in broadband, you know, obviously weve talked Im sure some more here about that, but having almost 3 million customers going from zero to 13 million paid subs in a of couple years at Peacock is a great achievement and the highest rated broadcast network. I think all parts of the company are really doing a great job in some interesting times. By the way, our treasury department went out while interest rates were low and we've basically repriced the whole balance sheet for something on the order of 18 years average maturity at record low rates. So I feel we are able to return capital to shareholders. I think that's been a real focus and I think we did it again this quarter. Our bar is therefore very high to -- as we look at things from that -- through that strategic lens of our cash flow and scale. So I think we feel really strong. I think we have so many diversified businesses that are -- each has its own game plan and we'll talk Im sure a little bit about some of them today, but the biggest ones are really, well run. We've got some new leadership in a number of cases and I'm really pleased with the company that could post 10% EBITDA growth.
Jeffrey Shell: Thanks, Brian. Ben, I'll just take the Parks one really quickly. So, obviously the Parks business historically has been subject to macro trends and there's no reason to think that that won't be the case in the future. When we look at our business were just not seeing it yet in our numbers and our performance. And if you kind of look at the -- we're putting up these numbers despite the fact that our international visitation domestically is about half of what it has historically been. So we expect that to increase over time back to where it should be. We have a lot of attractions. We continued building attractions during the pandemic. Brian talked about Epic in the opening. We have those attractions continuing. Internationally Japan has been steadily improving quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter, still not back to where it was pre-pandemic, but the trend line is really good. And Beijing, which was closed two of the three months of this quarter opened in the third month and is doing really well, much better than we expected despite COVID constraints still on capacity. So, and all that international performance is subject obviously to the strong dollar and that is a headwind for us. So I think we feel really good about the Parks and feel like there's a lot of growth ahead of us despite what could be macro challenges that we could or might face. We're just not seeing it yet.
Jeffrey Shell: Thank you, Ben.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Ben. Operator, next question please?
Operator: And our next question will come from Phil Cusick from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip Cusick: Hi guys, thank you. I wonder if we can dig in to the level of your promotion and competition in the Cable business. We've anecdotally seen some pretty aggressive promotions. It's hard to tell whether those are sort of limited or widespread. Are you pushing harder on average than you were a year ago? And when you compete with wireless, since you expect to fixed wireless to have a cap on penetration, does it make sense to push back with that on price or do you sort of just let it come in and take those customers? How do you address that? Thank you.
David Watson: Hey Phil, this is Dave. Let me go into both of that, the competitive landscape and the promotional intensity. So let me start with the drivers very quickly, because I think that sets it up. And Brian mentioned, since March of 2020, we've added the 3 million broadband customers to this point. And so, you look at, things like the move activity, June being the lowest level, you know, this all happened, mobile substitution, really driving that 3 million with the surge and in seasonality places like Florida, that in 2021, we actually gained customers, which we normally don't and this quarter we were negative in Florida. So you put all that together. We have to, I think put that in perspective and that determines, a lot of the competitive planning, but we've always approached competition with a tremendous sense of urgency. We have local competition. We have large national scaled competition and most certainly fixed wireless is the newest one. And you go through a launch phase that typically adds pressure and we are seeing that on the front end. As Brian said, it's impacting the Connects. We do not see it in churn. So our approach is to segment the marketplace, go after each segment, provide great value, really lean into the network benefits that we have and compete fiercely for each segment. We've always done that and we'll continue to do that. Mobile is an area where we really can continue to be aggressive. We have been doing that. I think the were very strong in the second quarter in terms of mobile. I think there's more that we can do as we integrate mobile into every single sales channel. So look for us to continue to be aggressive in regards to how we package each segment and leverage mobile. What we won't do is chase pricing down to the bottom. So we're going to have a good balanced approach towards competing fiercely for each segment, but we have a great network. We have great innovation. We have the best WiFi gateway device that's out there. We're going to leverage our strengths in every part of what we do. And so, with all of those things, you manage the promotional intensity for the long run, but we continue to evolve our competitive playbook all the time. But you won't see us, go down and chase discounting. Mobile is a great addition, adding value and look for us to continue to do that. And I think, you know, one of the unusual moments part of this is with the mobile surge with wireless only coming back, look for us to continue to leverage the best broadband network with the best mobile. And by the way, for those that are paying attention to the Ookla stuff, we have the data from Ookla in terms of mobile service and Xfinity mobile is the fastest overall mobile service provider, so look for us to leverage that. We'll combine the best network with best mobile service and we'll continue to do that, but there won't be a dramatic shift in promotional intensity.
Philip Cusick: Thanks, Dave.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Phil. Operator, next question please?
Operator: And our next question will come from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett: Yes, hi. I wonder if you could let's stay with the topic of broadband for a minute, if you could dive into the patterns that you're seeing geographically, you talked about fixed wireless, the companies that are selling it primarily T-Mobile and Verizon are skewing rural. Where are you seeing the competition from fixed wireless most strongly and where are you seeing the competition from fiber more strongly and what does that fiber competition look like?
Brian Roberts: Well, actually let me start with fiber Craig. And, there we've been at it for a long period of time. You know, we've gone from zero to over 15-year period from 0% to 40% overbuild. And so that is we have good visibility to where fiber is and that's all over the place, at this point between multiple fiber providers. And important to note whether it's fiber or any other form of competition, were growing in every single geographic area. With fixed wireless, you're right in that, there appears to be two things. One, they are adding some small business, new, maybe even expanding the marketplace a bit with small business, watching that closely. They're a little bit more rural which we have been watching, but it's kind of across the board. When you have again, this launch phase of somebody doing it at scale like this, you see it a little bit all over. But again, the difference here is our churn versus fiber back in the day where we saw churn go up. Were not seeing that here. We are seeing a little bit of pressure on connects, and it's kind of all over, which points towards more of the main drivers being what I mentioned earlier. It's the move activity plus the mobile search. So that is really the key thing, but we watch it. One of our great strengths is local competition. We stay on it in a very granular basis. We watch this very closely. So your point is a good one.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Craig. Operator, next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Douglas Mitchelson: Thank you so much. I'm just curious if anyone on the team has any other thoughts on what they're seeing in terms of macro trends, whether it's advertising or days outstanding or bad debt or sort of across all the businesses. But also, Dave for you, as we look forward in Cable, if you're going through a sustained period of slower broadband growth due to the factors you've outlined, that potentially means a little bit slower revenue growth. Are you -- as you budget this business on a go-forward basis, are you budgeted to hit a particular margin goal, so investment OpEx levels would come down as revenue comes down or how do you think about managing the business on a go-forward basis if there is a little bit of a revenue slowdown given the slower broadband growth? Thank you.
Michael Cavanagh: So Mike, its Doug. I'll jump in. I think across the board we're generally -- we're not seeing slowdown. Dave can comment or add on payments on the consumer side and I'll let Jeff comment on advertising, but versus some of the commentary you've seen, I think we're able to deal with some of the macro stuff impact on consumer and impact on cost in our expense base. Brian already mentioned the interest rate side of it, and 85% fixed at the grade levels we -- he mentioned. And then on our expense base, very small part of it is energy related through fuel rolling trucks. Others -- other areas, labor and the like, we have pressures like all others. But I think we know how to manage our way through these kind of challenges. So I wouldn't call out as we look to the second half of the year that macro is a particularly big issue. I'll let Jeff jump in.
Jeffrey Shell: Yes. So I just -- thanks, Mike. I would just add, Doug, that in the advertising market, the advertising market is choppy. I mean, I think we said that last time. It continues to be choppy, down year-on-year in the scatter market. It's really segment by segment-based though some segments are doing better. Some segments are doing worse. And we just finished the upfront, as Brian said in his opening and the upfront was way better than we expected. So definitely some, as I said choppiness, but nothing really that dramatic.
Michael Cavanagh: And I'll just jump in one more time, and Dave can follow up. But I mean, when we -- across all the businesses, budget exercise and the like, I mean, our job and the way we think about it is to really think about optimizing for the long-term. So last thing you're going to see us doing is -- and it goes back to the strength of balance sheet, strength of cash flow, we won't be cutting muscle. We're very focused on in tougher times trimming some fat, but it will be very, very long-term minded in how we think about investment priorities, which are substantial to drive future growth and so fortunately, we're in a position where we don't have to sacrifice that. That doesn't mean there won't be tactical adjustments and belt tightening, but I'll throw it over to Dave.
David Watson: Thanks, Mike. Hey, Doug. So on looking forward, almost certainly where we're at right now, I think, points towards the game plan. We had -- in broadband alone, we had really healthy ARPU growth, 3.6%, half being rate-driven, the other half just how we manage tier mix. So I think there's  if you look at the overall strength of the total relationships, 32 million broadband relationships that we have and the ability to manage through that and focusing on the strengths of the network, the strengths of the product, we'll continue to do that. We have a lot of levers that we'll focus on. And again, we talked about promotional intensity, but we're going to put customers in the right segment. We always segment the marketplace. We'll continue to do that. And so you also look at multiple growth areas that we have in Cable where Business Services, Brian talked about that, is a growth opportunity. Mobile is a growth opportunity. The platform even for Video, I feel, is a growth opportunity. So we will consistently manage and be competitive with the broadband relationships. But I think we'll continue to focus on our network and the product advantages that we have and that will help us focus on being able to the pricing approach that we have in the marketplace.
Douglas Mitchelson: Thank you.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Doug. Operator next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich from BofA Securities. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. I just wanted to drill down, if possible, on advertising. Jeff, I'm not sure what choppy means. Could you give us any color on kind of magnitude up or down in scatter, outlook for political? And then on Cable, if anyone can comment what's going on in advertising there? But more importantly, Peacock came out of the gate with a differentiated strategy on AVOD, and now you're seeing a slew of other companies following. Obviously, inventory will go up, but is that positive or negative? Meaning will more advertisers come in? And if they do, are you taking share from digital or is it a share shift from linear? Just any color you can give us on AVOD would be great.
Jeffrey Shell: Yes. Hi, Jessica, thanks. So what I mean by choppy is that there is -- it's not a broad decline or increase. So if you look at our business, first of all in the quarter, as Mike said in the opening, if you take out the NHL playouts from last year, we were actually up in the quarter, which I think is better than some of the other companies that have reported so far. So up year-on-year is a pretty good thing. And if you look at kind of what we're seeing in the scatter market, what we saw in the upfront, you have things like auto, which is down, but that's related to the fact that -- saw in GM's earnings yesterday, you just don't have a lot of cars on lots, therefore, they're not advertising. So that's why their advertising is down there. And then pharma and the upfront was up significantly as you have a backlog of drugs that weren't approved in the last couple of years by the FDA are expected to be approved. So what I mean by choppy is just segment by segment different things are going on, both up and down and there's no kind of macro overall ups and downs. On Peacock, look, we had the benefit of studying the market before we came in and we think we picked the right business strategy, which is kind of an extension of our existing business, not a new business based on dual revenue stream of subscription and advertising. And I think everybody kind of moving in that direction is the validation of that business model. And as far as advertising in general, our business, linear and Peacock, we're one of the largest advertisers out there, over $10 billion of advertising. So people coming in at the levels that are coming in, we don't expect it to have any material impact on what we sell and how we do it. If anything, our scale gives us an increasing advantage. And then you mentioned political in the next one we do, we don't want to count our chickens before they hatch, but we expect a pretty strong political, kind of season coming up. And I think our company, speaking now broadly, the entire company, not just our linear businesses, but our local TV stations and Dave's business and Cable, we're kind of uniquely positioned and now with Peacock to take advantage of whatever a candidate wants to advertise and where. So we expect some pretty strong results from Peacock in the coming fall in addition to the advertising across our whole company. Dave, if you want to add anything?
David Watson: No, I totally agree with that.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jessica. Operator next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Feldman from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brett Feldman: Thanks. I'm going to follow up on one of the questions that was asked earlier. You always kind of get these questions around capital allocation and M&A and it seems like those discussions always seem to focus on what you may or may not want to do in the media space. But you still generate the large majority of your earnings and cash flow out of your Cable Communications segment, and a harder backdrop may make asset values in that sector come down. We've already seen that. What is your appetite for maybe increasing your discretionary capital into telecom? Meaning would you be interested in buying more cable assets if they were available or fiber assets if they were available or things that would support your mobile business from an infrastructure standpoint? I just feel like it's been a while since we've taken your temperature on whether that could be something you'd be interested in doing opportunistically. And then just a question on the Parks. Obviously, the strength in per caps was an important part of what contributed to the outstanding financial performance in the quarter. But beginning of 2Q and the end of 2Q, I think, were a very different economic environments. I'm just curious whether you've seen any notable shifts in spending patterns at the parks in the more recent weeks? Thanks.
Brian Roberts: Yes. Mike, you may want to jump in on this or Dave. This is Brian. The -- absolutely like the communications business that we're in, thats certainly my roots in life. And the most recent acquisition we made, we call these kind of tuck-in acquisitions, would be Masergy. And that's in the Business Services Group, and it's off to a really good start and allows us, just like you said, more capabilities. I think that's probably more what our focus is, how do we look for new revenue sources and new growth avenues and do people who've either started a company or built a company have something that we can then scale faster and that's been a good pattern. So Dave's team looks at that all the time, Mike and the business development team. So you guys want to add to that? I think it's pretty...
Michael Cavanagh: Nothing. It's all in balance, but I think as Brian said, the bar is always high. But I think we look at smaller stuff and like Masergy and even smaller, and there's a steady diet of trying to add capability, innovation and scale it up across the whole footprint of Cable. And a lot of it is inclusive of, remember, the road map for tech, video aggregation, broadband and the like is shared with Sky. And so when we look at that question, we're really looking across both of those businesses together.
David Watson: I think two things. One, just following on Masergy, it is a great example. It's an opportunity to grow. It's one of our most important areas, mid-market and enterprise just an example of making the right kind of bet on that and it's off to a really good start. The teams are working really well together. Masergy, our business services teams, and doing exactly what we'd hoped for in the early days of integration. Second point is APCO in a joint venture with Charter, another great example of an opportunity to grow. And having a scaled platform like that, investing in that future, I think, is the right kind of bet to make. We'll continue to look for those opportunities.
Jeffrey Shell: Yes. But just following up on the last thing you said, the per cap. So I think one of the surprises coming out of the pandemic for us has been the strength of per cap spending. Normally, people who come in from international spend more on Harry Potter wands and so forth than people domestically. And we've seen domestic per cap speed just tremendous coming out of the pandemic. And we've seen no weakness in that coming out of the quarter into the next quarter.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Brett. Operator next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Chaplin from New Street. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks for taking the questions. So you've been willing to run leverage higher than 2.4 times in the past. It feels like at this point the market isn't giving you full credit for the strength that you see longer term in the Cable business and in this combination of assets and I'm wondering if now is a great time to sort of take advantage of that. Was the reason for not pushing leverage higher and buying back more of your stock just be the macro environment? Is that what's sort of holding you back on leverage is macro uncertainty?
Michael Cavanagh: More or less, yes, Jonathan. It's Mike. So I mean, I think we think about the long-term cycles that are around our businesses and the economy. And I mean, it's been our view that having a strong balance sheet defined by the leverage or the ratings we've chosen to seek is the right way to run the balance sheet. And I think Brian talked about and others have observed that together with the ability to invest heavily in our businesses, maintain a strong balance sheet, return lots of capital to shareholders and keep driving future growth by investing back in the businesses is a formula that in times like these with uncertain markets, I think there's a lot of companies out there that wish they had those characteristics. So it's not lost on us. But nonetheless, we've been active in capital return, $6 billion of buybacks in the year-to-date, 14th year in a row of raising the dividend. That's on the back of really strong financials in the first half of the year. And I think, hopefully, the takeaway from this call is, our feeling comes through that we feel very good about the EBITDA strength coming into the second half of the year. So -- but that's how we think about it. I wouldn't be reacting to change our leverage and balance sheet design because it's really designed to take us through many different kinds of cycles.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jonathan. Operator well take our last question please.
Operator: And that last question will come from John Hodulik from UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Great, thank you. Just following up on some of the commentary on high-speed data competition, maybe for Dave. Can you give us a sense of what the fiber overlap is these days and maybe how that's changed over the last 12 months? And then on the ARPU, I thought there was some good commentary about rate and tier mix. Are you seeing any -- I mean, I know, Dave, you said you wouldn't chase rate to reaccelerate growth on the sub side, but do you still think you have the same pricing power that you've had, given the changes in competition? That's A. And then B, on the tier mix, have you seen any -- especially given the pressure that the consumer is seeing, have you seen any change in trends in terms of up-tiering and potential signs that consumers may look to save money on broadband and down tier? Thanks.
David Watson: Yes. Hey so, Dave here John. On the overall approach towards the marketplace and pricing, really we've always segmented the marketplace. So we've done that over a long period of time, so there's not a dramatic shift in the current environment. There certainly is with mobile substitution, and I think that skews more lower end, and so, but we've always participated and had great programs like Internet Essentials, and so we don't see a real shift. We've always gone in and out in terms of our approaches towards offers and have different competitive answers. And when you look at the fiber, we've gone -- we're at 40%. That's where we are at right now. It's been the steady build they surged early on. We're quite used to it and compete very aggressively against all of the fiber group and don't really see a change. You look at the telco results, not -- it speaks for themselves. So we're -- that competitive area, we've had a consistent approach and won't change our aggressiveness, which has always been segment-based, best network, best products and let that be the main driver of our competitive playbook.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, John. That will end our call and thank you everyone for joining us.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time. It will run through Thursday, August 4, at 11 a.m. Eastern Time. The dial-in number is (719) 457-0820, and the conference ID number is 1292809. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time today. That concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Dave Watson, Jeff Shell and Dana Strong. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks, while Dave, Jeff and Dana will also be available for Q&A.  Let me now refer you to Slide 2, which contains our safe harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.  With that, let me turn the call over to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marci, and good morning, everyone. 2022 is off to a great start. Each of our businesses posted healthy growth in adjusted EBITDA, contributing to a double-digit increase in adjusted EPS as well as significant free cash flow generation in the quarter. And we achieved all of this while continuing to invest in our businesses for the long term, while also increasing our return of capital to shareholders.  Our company has been at the forefront of innovation in connectivity and also in content. We have built a leading global technology platform, which today delivers 5 billion entertainment streams a week and 40 million voice commands a day across Comcast, Sky and our current syndication partners.  Yesterday's announcement highlights the value of what we've created. As you probably are aware, we formed a joint venture with Charter to offer our award-winning, voice-controlled streaming platform across the United States, starting with Flex and XClass TV, and to further develop this technology. Not only will we bring these products to millions of more customers, but we'll open the door to brand-new revenue opportunities. And when you combine Charter's footprint with our current syndication partners in both the U.S. and Canada, our retail distribution through Walmart and Sky, which essentially runs off the same technology, we now have a truly global platform.  This joint venture is a win-win. Consumers will get our proven world-class user and search experiences, simple content navigation and more choice in the streaming marketplace. App developers, retailers and hardware manufacturers will have access to 1 platform and 1 set of standards to quickly deploy their offerings across the U.S. And we'll be able to share in the investment and innovate alongside a partner we know well.  Comcast and Charter have a track record of coming together to bring new products and technologies to consumers. Most notably, our mobile operating partnership from 2018 enabled both companies to bring greater value and a better experience that people love. The result is a more competitive wireless marketplace, and the service that we provide has been rated #1 in customer satisfaction against all other mobile providers.  Peacock also benefits from this joint venture as it will be deeply integrated into the platform the way it is on X1 and Flex today, which will help expand Peacock's customer base more quickly and drive higher engagement resulting in greater monetization for NBCUniversal. And we are doing all of this in the context of the investments we have already made in our technology and within the guidelines we've provided on our last earnings call with respect to our plans for programming investment.  So let's come back to our achievements in the first quarter. Starting with broadband, we measured our success based on customer and financial metrics. And while we continue to compete aggressively in the current environment, we are striking what I believe to be the right balance between customer acquisition and long-term profitable growth. You can see with our first quarter results, where we added 194,000 customer relationships and 262,000 broadband subscribers, while on the financial side, Cable generated 5% revenue and 6.5% adjusted EBITDA growth, with 44% adjusted EBITDA margins.  Our distinct competitive advantage stems from our network, which has a level of flexibility that enables fast innovation and will be further enhanced through virtualization, an important stepping stone in our ultimate evolution to DOCSIS 4.0. Our path to ubiquitous, multi-gig, symmetrical speed is well underway. And in the next several years, when you collectively include Charter and Cox, the cable industry will be positioned to offer multi-gig, symmetrical speeds to over 100 million homes throughout the United States over essentially the same DOCSIS 4.0 infrastructure. None of our competitors can say the same thing.  For years, we focused on not only having a modern high-capacity network, but importantly, we've also focused on providing our customers with cutting-edge technology in their homes to ensure that they have the best experience, which is a combination of fast speeds, whole home coverage, cybersecurity and control, together with fantastic streaming capabilities.  During the quarter, we performed a number of successful tests on 10G equipment, and we launched our newest and most powerful xFi gateway, which increases bandwidth in the home by 3x and is the only modem that can support multi-gig symmetrical speeds to date.  We're also enhancing the value of Xfinity broadband by bundling with mobile, offering our customers the convenience of one relationship for all their connectivity at a tremendous value. This contributed to even further improvement in broadband retention and our best quarter ever for Xfinity Mobile in terms of line net additions.  We have a great wireless business, an MVNO partner in Verizon and have opportunities to further improve our economics at Xfinity Mobile longer term. For example, our testing of deploying spectrum to potentially offload wireless traffic is progressing nicely. During the quarter, we turned up our first 5G radios, and we'll be launching an employee field test in June. Stepping back, the underlying theme in all of this and the core of our strategy is that we put the customer first, which drives our strong financial results. The investments we have made and continue to make are expressly meant to enhance the experience of every person that is connected to our products and services. To that end, we just had the highest level of customer satisfaction we have ever seen for our first quarter. And we maintained our positive trend in reducing both agent handle interactions and truck rolls, which declined 19% and 17%, respectively.  So let's switch to NBC Universal. We had a lot of exciting things happened during the first quarter. For the first time in our history, we aired both the Super Bowl and the Olympics in the same week, affirming our expertise in production. During that period, I went to our facility in Stanford, Connecticut. I have to say, I was so impressed by the hard work and the entire team working 24/7 around the clock, working with Beijing, while being in Connecticut, providing a seamless broadcast for the Olympics. We sent some of our equipment to China when we thought our broadcast operations would be there. And on the fly, we had to figure out new ways to air this special event and not have a consumer know that was happening. Amazing how well the team managed the complexity, delivered an unbelievably high-quality product to hundreds of millions of viewers. And I think this will help innovate sports productions for years to come.  We learned a lot about streaming from the last Olympics. And so when it came to Beijing, we provided a much improved experience on Peacock, which shared every single event for the first time, driving significant engagement. Really was an exceptional quarter overall for Peacock, with other big sporting events and content launches, including the Super Bowl, the debut of Bel Air, our most successful original to date, and the day and date release of Marry Me. Importantly, retention on our service after airing all of this special content in such a concentrated period of time was well above our expectation. We added 4 million paid subscribers to end the first quarter with over 13 million paid subscribers and 28 million monthly active accounts in the U.S. And we've seen a 25% increase in hours of engagement year-over-year. Given the natural ebbs and flows of our content slate, we do not anticipate seeing this type of growth every quarter. We just expanded our total paid subscribers by over 40%. So we expect more modest subscriber gains until we get to the back half of this year.  Our fourth quarter should be fantastic for sporting events such as Sunday Night Football, Premier League and the World Cup; a pay one availability of top universal titles like Minions, Rise Crew and Jurassic World Dominion; original series such as Vampire Academy; and for the first time, starting this fall, Peacock will be the exclusive home of the next-day NBC broadcast. Our streaming strategy is differentiated, unique, because Peacock is a natural extension of our existing video businesses with 2 revenue streams and full integration across every aspect, whether it's programming, cross-promotion or advertising. Peacock builds audiences, extends our reach and creates new consumer experiences within our ecosystem, which should enable video to be a major long-term growth driver for NBCUniversal.  Finally, the business we haven't talked enough about is Theme Parks, where the recovery continues to be fantastic. I'm particularly excited about the new attractions that we opened during the pandemic, that many of our guests are now able to experience for the first time, like Super Nintendo World in Japan; the amazing VelociCoaster in Orlando; Pets in Hollywood; and of course, Universal Beijing. Our investments are significantly expanding the potential of our Theme Parks business, which will remain an important and exciting growth engine for years to come.  So Comcast is truly in a unique position of growing EBITDA, generating a robust level of free cash flow while making important organic investments in long-term growth initiatives and also increasing our return of capital to shareholders, which totaled $4.2 billion this quarter through a combination of $3 billion in buybacks and $1.2 billion in dividends, the largest return of capital for any quarter in our history.  So off to a great start in the first quarter, and I'd like to now hand it over to Mike.
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 4 with our first quarter consolidated 2022 financial results. Revenue increased 14% to $31 billion; adjusted EBITDA increased 9% to $9.2 billion; adjusted EPS increased 13% to $0.86 per share; and finally, we generated $4.8 billion of free cash flow.  Now let's turn to our business segment results, starting with Cable Communications on Slide 5. Cable revenue increased 4.7% to $16.5 billion, adjusted EBITDA increased 6.5% to $7.3 billion and net cash flow grew 8.3% to $5.6 billion. We grew customer relationships by 913,000 over the past 12 months with 194,000 net additions in the first quarter. Overall, customer growth was driven by broadband, where we added 1.1 million net new residential and business customers over the past 12 months and 262,000 in the first quarter. This quarter's results reflect continued low move-related activity compared to historical levels as well as an uptick in the level of competitive activity resulting in lower connect volumes. At the same time, we continue to experience very high levels of customer retention, with this quarter's results yielding the lowest churn rate for any quarter on record. In fact, we had fewer customers disconnect this quarter than the first quarter of 2019 despite a customer base that is almost 17% larger.  Throughout the pandemic, we have offered a variety of programs to help our customers stay connected. Some of our customers that participated received our services for free and therefore, were not included in our subscriber totals. At year-end, we ended these COVID-related programs, triggering a benefit in the first quarter. We estimate this change accounted for about 1/3 of our first quarter net additions with such benefit contained to the first quarter.  Moving to the financials. Cable's revenue growth of 4.7% was driven by broadband, business services, wireless and advertising revenue, partially offset by lower video and voice revenue. Broadband revenue increased 8%, driven by strong customer additions over the past 12 months and nearly 4% growth in average revenue per customer in the quarter.  Business Services revenue increased 10.6% or approximately 6%, excluding the acquisition of Masergy, which closed at the beginning of last year's fourth quarter. This healthy organic growth was driven by increases in both average rates per customer and in our customer base, which grew by 61,000 over the past 12 months with 9,000 additions in the first quarter.  Moving to wireless. Revenue increased 32%, mainly driven by service revenue, which was fueled by growth in customer lines. Overall, we added 1.2 million lines over the past 12 months, including 318,000 lines in the quarter, which, for the fifth consecutive quarter, was our best result since launching this business in 2017.  Advertising revenue increased 8.6%, reflecting higher political and double-digit growth in Zumo and advanced advertising. For video, revenue declined 1.5%, driven by customer net losses totaling $1.7 million over the past 12 months, including $512,000 in the quarter, partially offset by higher average revenue per customer due to a residential rate increase at the beginning of this year.  Last, voice revenue declined 9.8%, primarily reflecting customer losses totaling 725,000 over the past 12 months, including 282,000 net losses in the quarter and reflects our shift to more converged broadband mobile offers.  Turning to expenses. Cable Communications' first quarter expenses increased 3.3%. Programming expenses decreased 1.1%, reflecting a decline in video customers, partially offset by higher rates. Nonprogramming expenses increased 6.3%, reflecting investments in our growth businesses, including broadband, wireless and business services; expenses related to our recent acquisition of Masergy; as well as an increase in other expenses, primarily due to bad debt returning to more normalized levels. These higher costs were partially offset by a decline in customer service expenses, reflecting lower activity levels in the business as well as improvement in customer experience initiatives.  Cable Communications' EBITDA increased 6.5% to $7.3 billion for the quarter and Cable EBITDA margin reached 44%, reflecting 80 basis points of year-over-year improvement. We believe we are striking the right balance by continuing to invest in our growth businesses, which are driving the top line and proving to be a great return for us, while at the same time, continuing to increase our operating efficiency and remove unnecessary costs.  Now let's turn to Slide 6 for NBCUniversal. Starting with total NBCUniversal results, revenue increased 47% to $10.3 billion and EBITDA increased 7.4% to $1.6 billion. Media revenue increased 36% to $6.9 billion, including Peacock revenue, which grew more than 5x year-over-year to $472 million in the quarter. As Brian noted earlier, we aired both the Olympics and Super Bowl, which together contributed an incremental $1.5 billion to Media revenue. Excluding these events, Media revenue increased 6.9% driven by both higher distribution and advertising revenue. Distribution revenue, excluding the contribution from the Olympics, increased 8.5%, reflecting growth at Peacock driven by increases in paid subscribers as well as our networks, reflecting higher contractual rates, partially offset by linear subscriber declines.  Advertising revenue, excluding contributions from the Olympics and Super Bowl, increased 4%, reflecting higher pricing and a growing contribution from Peacock, which was partially offset by linear ratings declines.  Media EBITDA decreased 21% to $1.2 billion in the first quarter, including a $456 million EBITDA loss at Peacock. Excluding Peacock, Media EBITDA decreased 7.7%, reflecting higher programming and production costs associated with our broadcast of the Beijing Olympics and Super Bowl as well as higher costs driven by the return of our full primetime schedule compared to last year when our schedule was impacted by COVID-19. We continue to expect Peacock's EBITDA loss will be roughly $2.5 billion for the year. However, taking into consideration the timing of content launches, consistent with what Brian mentioned, we would expect losses to be higher in the second half of the year.  Moving next to Studios. Revenues increased 15% to $2.8 billion, driven by higher content licensing and theatrical revenue, but EBITDA declined 51% to $245 million. The decline in EBITDA primarily reflects a difficult comparison to last year's first quarter, which benefited from a licensing deal with Peacock, including exclusive streaming rights for The Office with an offsetting adjustment reflected in NBCUniversal's eliminations. The remainder of the EBITDA decline reflects higher marketing costs ahead of numerous film releases planned for the second quarter, including Jurassic World Dominion, Ambulance and Bad Guys.  Last, at Theme Parks, revenue increased by $941 million to $1.6 billion, and we generated EBITDA of $451 million, reflecting improved results at each of our parks compared to last year when Orlando and Japan were operating at limited capacity and Hollywood was closed due to COVID-19. We continue to see exceptional demand at our domestic parks, attendance was back to prepandemic levels, and we had strong growth in per caps with Orlando generating its highest EBITDA on record for a first quarter.  COVID impacts in the quarter were more pronounced internationally. Universal Studios Japan's results were impacted by capacity restrictions, which were in place for most of the first quarter. These restrictions were lifted at the end of March. And over the last month, we have seen a very strong rebound with attendance currently above pre-pandemic levels.  At Universal Beijing, which opened in September of last year, demand from our guests was high, but overall attendance was impacted by COVID and related travel restrictions. Despite that, Beijing only contributed a slight EBITDA loss in the quarter.  Now let's turn to Slide 7 for Sky, which I will speak to on a constant currency basis. For the first quarter, Sky revenue of $4.8 billion was consistent with the same period last year as solid growth in the U.K. was offset by our results in Italy, where we continue to transition through the reset in our Syria broadcast rights, which we won't begin to lap until the back half of this year. Direct-to-consumer revenue was also consistent year-over-year, reflecting growth in the U.K., where we continue to have healthy customer additions and grew direct-to-consumer revenue by mid-single digits driven by an increase in video revenue, including higher revenue from pubs and clubs, streaming and premium TV as well as healthy increases in broadband and wireless revenue. This growth in the U.K. was mainly offset by lower revenue in Italy, where we continue to experience both customer losses and lower direct-to-consumer revenue, primarily due to the reset in our Syria broadcast rights.  Rounding out the rest of revenue at Sky, content revenue declined 14%, driven by the reset and sports licensing agreements in Italy and Germany. And advertising revenue increased 7.9% and with healthy growth in the U.K., partially offset by a decline in Italy.  Turning to EBITDA. Sky's EBITDA increased 71% to $622 million driven by our strong performance in the U.K. and improved results in Italy and Germany, where we benefited from lower sports programming costs due to resets in our sports rights.  Next, I'll discuss free cash flow and capital allocation on Slide 8. As I mentioned earlier, we generated $4.8 billion in free cash flow this quarter. Consolidated total capital increased 1.1%, reflecting increases at NBCU due to ramping construction at Epic Universe, a decrease at Sky and a relatively flat capital spending at Cable due to timing. For the year, we continue to expect Cable CapEx intensity to stay around 11% as we increase investment in our broadband network, and NBCUniversal CapEx related to the construction of EPIC universe to be up around $1 billion year-over-year.  Turning to capital allocation. As of today, we have repurchased $4 billion worth of our shares year-to-date, including $3 billion in the first quarter. In addition, dividend payments totaled $1.2 billion for a total return of capital in the first quarter of $4.2 billion.  And before I wrap up, I also want to spend a minute on the macro environment since inflation and interest rates are topical right now. There are certain areas of expense across each of our businesses that are impacted by inflation. Like other companies in our space, we're not entirely insulated from that. However, the overall impact to our financials has been limited. Overall energy costs make up about 1% of our total company's operating expenses. Also, we are more than offsetting any pressure on wages and other areas of expense through the continuing efforts to implement operational efficiencies, helping us protect the healthy margins across our businesses.  Lastly, our balance sheet is very well positioned with about 95% of our debt based on fixed rates, a debt portfolio with a weighted average time to maturity of approximately 18 years and a weighted average interest rate of 3.47%. We ended the quarter with net leverage at 2.3x and still expect to remain around 2.4x leverage going forward.  So with that, thanks for joining us on the call this morning. I'll turn it back to Marci, who will lead the question-and-answer portion of the call.
A - Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Mike. Operator, let's open the call for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne: Brian, could you talk a little bit about your decision to create this joint venture with Charter versus sort of going at it, just Comcast alone? It seems like aggregation is a huge opportunity, but JVs can be tricky to operate. How do you set it up for success? And is there a way to frame the benefit to Comcast over the next couple of years as this JV sort of goes to market more aggressively next year?  And then, Dave, on broadband, I think this is the first quarter you sort of highlighted incremental competitive pressure on gross adds. Was there a change in the quarter? And can you just talk about sort of how you're thinking about customer segmentation, if there's any change to your appetite to take rate in order to sort of manage through the competitive environment.
Brian Roberts: So let me start, and thanks, Ben. Look, I think that working with Charter, first of all, they bring terrific markets that we don't operate in. And so taking from the perspective of people who might want to take advantage of our platform that we will together have created, will create and roll out, whether that's a hardware company, a software company or some new creation, they're going to want national scale and frankly, an international platform. That's who the competitive set is, and being able to enable people's businesses to ride on those platforms and create value for our shareholders and Charter shareholders, I think, is the big picture. We've done this work with Charter before. When you go to your question about joint ventures versus doing it alone, obviously, there's pros and cons, but when another party brings something you don't have, that makes it a pro. We've done this successfully, maybe highlight the Mobile business that we both have now jumped started very successfully and was -- is one a real standout this quarter with our best net add quarter.  Business services. As we go upmarket to -- ultimately to the enterprise market and to large organizations, it was important that we find ways to have one-stop shopping for those companies. That's -- we've successfully done that with Charter and others.  Advertising, same thing with local JVs and national JVs to be able to deliver to advertisers. So we have a long history of successfully finding ways to be catalysts for growth.  And then finally, a point that's a little longer than 2 years, but one of the great things about our industry over the last several decades is how we keep reinventing the businesses we're in. And it's pretty important, I think, to continue to find new growth avenues. And so I look at our innovation that we've been doing at Comcast and now with Sky on a global basis to being able to continue to invest to have the reach and to have a continued hope for new revenue sources in the years ahead, these are the kind of steps you have to make now to make -- to see those dividends down the road. Dave?
David Watson: Just a quick comment on that. I think we are -- as Brian said, we're really excited about this partnership and being able to leverage a decade-plus of innovation around the tech platform. And we're already performing very well.  Just to put things in perspective, we do with -- you combine everything that we do with Sky across our entire portfolio, we do 5 billion streams a week of the streaming content. And voice remote commands, we do 40 million voice commands a day. So it's just we have a wonderful platform. Now we have a wonderful partner, as Brian said, being able to pull things off with. And now I think this scale matters. So excited about the future of that.  So to your question on competition and just a couple of things. We have been in a competitive environment, going up against a variety of different service providers for quite a while. We've seen it and anticipate this when they launch. You have good visibility towards new footprint and launches. So there's been multiple cycles that we have competed and gone everywhere from low-end pricing with DSL or DSL-like competitors to fiber launches in over 15 years now of fiber activity. So we think that the main thing that we're dealing with right now in this cycle, while there has definitely been an uptick in competitive activity with launches that have happened over throughout the last couple of years of new footprint, new launches between fiber and fixed wireless, the main thing in this case is our churn is at record lows. And it has been decreasing churn activity for over a long period of time, and it has continued. So this last quarter, it's record low quarter for any quarter.  So -- but having said that, we take it seriously, the competition. When you look at the amount of footprint that has continued over the last year-plus. And with fixed wireless and fiber, we have a real game plan that we've had and added to over time, where we segment the marketplace; we compete at a very granular basis where there's new launches and focus on leveraging every product that we have; and most certainly, we're playing offense with Mobile. So we have great broadband, and it kind of goes towards pricing that when we segment the marketplace, we have granular approaches towards competing and then being able to have multiple tiers of great broadband and really focus on the strength of our network that is ubiquitous.  We compete everywhere and have a multiple -- a variety of broadband packages, and we're not going to have trade-offs in the marketplace where it's a time-of-day trade-offs, geographic trade-offs and where they're at or not at or perhaps even peak-moment trade-offs. So we have a ubiquitous, consistent, great network that we'll go to market with that we have.  And so yes, there's been most certainly an uptick in competitive performance, and we see that. We've anticipated it. But the main issues we believe are the macro issues that or move activities down, that has continued. And we have seen actually, in our footprint, the move activity in March was actually less -- continued to be less move activity change of address in March than it was in February. So we think those are the macro issues are the primary things. And in this cycle, we're well positioned to compete, and we're going to compete aggressively.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse.
Douglas Mitchelson: I've got one for Dave, one for Jeff. Dave, how do you see wireless pricing and execution evolving? You're offering a pretty good deal for customers, even though your phone subsidies aren't as great as the big 3? But as you scale the business as you start to offload traffic, you're going to have more room, which you either drop to the bottom line or invest in scaling wireless more quickly. And given the broadband pressures you all discussed on the call, I'm just curious whether you think you get more aggressive investing in customer growth? And is there more ways for you to ramp customer growth even from these high levels? Or should we think about it more as driving profitability for the division? And then Jeff, sort of the obvious question, just any streaming strategy, we think, post Netflix.
David Watson: Let me start, Doug, on Mobile. So I start with -- it was a great quarter, it's had another record in terms of mobile lines. So we absolutely believe our strategy and focus on accelerating growth in wireless is indeed working. And so over the last couple of years, we have evolved our approach, including expanding the MVNO agreement, worked on that, and that's been, I think, a boost. And we're fully integrating Mobile and one of the most important things into everything we do at cable. We're leaning in our marketing. We're playing offense with Mobile in terms of how we talk about it, attracting new customers in consideration and with our customer base. So every single sales channel has been activated at this point.  So yes, this year, we're going to continue to make adjustments with Mobile. We're leveraging the -- still the new unlimited pricing. We have a great mix between that and by the gig. And we're converging broadband with Mobile. And when you take both, there's just more value for the customer. And we think that this converged packaging approach, really putting the emphasis in terms of service value, is the key.  We come in and out of offers, and there will be, in any given moment where the new product introduction, a offer, a promotional offer around gift cards and different things that we do on handsets. But the main point for us, and I think it's proven with our results having good success that this works, is not to put the emphasis necessarily on the handset. So leaning in, see it in the results, and we also do a nice job with Bring Your Own Device and just have launched small business and business services. So a lot of runway left, I think, in Mobile.  And in your point on the onload opportunity down the road, we already have a great network. And the great network, combined with the MVNO with Verizon, I think, is working. And for the majority of our footprint, this capital-light approach to wireless is the right approach. We continue to be opportunistic, though, and we're prepared. We're doing technical trials and leveraging our spectrum in the offload traffic in high-dense areas, where that makes financial sense. So we're running trials, optimizing the approach and turned up our first -- as Brian said, first 5G radios at the beginning of February, fully trials are underway. So we'll be ready when and if this makes sense. But we are in a good position, and we'll just be opportunistic as we look at that down the road. So like our position, like the runway, plenty of upside. Jeff?
Jeffrey Shell: Thanks, Dave. Doug. So we've said from the beginning since we launched Peacock that we're taking a different approach than most of the other people in the streaming business. We don't view Peacock really as a separate distinct business. We think it's an extension of our existing TV business, and we manage it that way. That's how we set up our business. That's how we program it. That's how we sell advertising across both linear and Peacock.  And I think that, that strategy is working. We had an exceptional quarter this quarter. We're very pleased with how we're ramping. We're pleased how we're ramping revenue. We're pleased with that. We're ramping paid subs. We're very pleased with engagement, which was up this quarter. It's going to be obviously choppy depending on what programming comes in, what time. But I think our business model is clearly the right business model. Our approach, by the way, internationally, we're taking a different approach too, much more measured approach. We're focusing on Sky markets. And in non-Sky markets, we're looking for partnerships and unique ways to enter the market.  So our business strategy is great for us. It's working. We're happy with the quarter. We're happy with how the business is scaling. And I think the noise in the rest of the streaming business really, if anything, just validates where we're going.  I would also say that we've shown, as we ramp the business, that we're willing to be flexible and change our business model. As we see things evolve, we've shifted more towards a paid AVOD model when we saw that success early on. So obviously, as things change in the streaming market, we'll continue to evaluate and shift. But right now, we're really happy with our business model and how we're performing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.
Philip Cusick: A follow-up and a question, if I can. So first, can you talk about anything to help us with recent trends in broadband and your thoughts on seasonality going forward into what used to be a weaker second quarter? I'm curious how many free customers didn't convert at the end of '21? And could that be part of what's been feeding the fixed wireless ecosystem?  And then second on leverage, not to be nitpicky, but leverages has continued down now 2.3x. You said you did $1 billion in April. But at this level on the stock, does it make sense to really accelerate that?
Michael Cavanagh: Maybe I'll jump in and just Dave just commented on competition and our approach in the market. In terms of the backward-looking stuff, I think we called out that the -- you should think about the normalized level of net adds in the first quarter at about a healthy 180,000. We had a transition impact in the net subs added in the first quarter just as we ended the COVID programs where people would come on, in some cases, free. But you recall what we did during COVID, we wanted to be conservative but appropriate in how we counted subs. So wherever we brought in a sub under some form of COVID relief program with the goal of keeping the population connected, to the extent it was free, we were clear we were not going to count them until they ended being on a free program and then started paying. So consistently throughout COVID, that's the way we did it, and that's the way we ended it. So as the quarter last year ended, we put a stop to those programs. So the only -- the third that came in, in this quarter of folks that were free in the last quarter came on as free but began paying us. So I don't think we have any negative impact going forward. It's simply that there won't be any ongoing roll forward into the second quarter. It's all kind of cleans itself out in this first quarter.  And the point I'd like to make just on the quality of the approach that we took is that you can sort of see that in the conservative way we counted subs throughout allow -- the evidence of that quality is both the record low churn that we've demonstrated that Dave already commented on, together with the growth in ARPU throughout the period pre-, during and post-COVID. So I think really the point was just to make it clear that the COVID promotions came to end, and it just had a positive onetime impact in this quarter as you transition back to recover normal ways of counting subs.
Brian Roberts: Let me -- and Mike said it perfectly. I think that 1 other point to filter here, thing is that we have consistently segmented the marketplace and that we have had great offers in multiple segments and low-income constrained segments. We've done it for a long period of time. So everything that Mike said, but we're comfortable in terms of working with customers always. We always do that. So if there's -- if we have roll-offs and things like that, we've been doing this for a long period of time.  So the only other thing in seasonality, I think there will be ongoing normalization around things like -- example is Florida. People will leave, what we're seeing just leaving a little bit early. And so that is going to happen over time, won't be a sudden onetime moment in seasonality, but it will just continue, we believe, to get back to some normal trending and student activity as well, so That's it. Mike, do you want to add?
Michael Cavanagh: And then back on buybacks. So I think we're pleased, as we said as we -- almost a year ago now are coming up on a year ago this quarter, when we got our leverage back where we wanted to the commitments to the rating we like and strength of the balance sheet that we're glad to be back. And so this quarter, between buybacks of $3 billion and dividends of $1.2 billion, we were -- had a record quarter in the company's history in terms of dollars of capital return. So I think we're certainly informed as we go forward by where leverage is. And the fact that we ticked down a touch, I wouldn't put anything into that. It's a big -- there's a lot of moving parts as we forecast. And so we're going to stay around 2.4, but around 2.4, it could be 2.3, it could be 2.5, I would say we're sticking with -- we like leverage around that 2.4x level. And obviously, we're partially informed as well by where the stock is. And so that gives us capacity. We stepped it up a little bit in the tail end of the last quarter. And as I said on the remarks, we continued at that pace doing another $1 billion so far in the second quarter.
Brian Roberts: So the one thing I would just add, this is Brian, is something that I'm proud of that I think we -- if you look for one of our goals is to grow your businesses. Every one of our businesses just reported that, think about the future by investing. And so we're -- whether it's the JV or the broadband investments, the Peacock investments, things we're doing at Sky, buying back stock, increasing the dividend, we're doing all those things simultaneously. And I think that is something that differentiates us.
Operator: Our next question is from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with BFA Securities.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Brian, you just said the company needs to -- or yourself or you do reinvent yourself, which you've done consistently over the years. So going back to video, how do you see video evolving for the company? If you take a holistic view, the legacy business is shrinking faster than I believe it ever has and the competitive landscape obviously is changing a lot. How do you think about repositioning your assets, whether it's from Cable to content? Do you need to increase your presence in news, sports, international, et cetera? And then, Jeff, international visitation, I think, is still pretty low. What is it normally and what is it now?
Brian Roberts: Well, let me start, Jessica. Nice to hear your voice. I think we have a -- we've anticipated the changes in video pretty well. And on the one side, I think part of NBC's media results are that the decline is actually less because there are new ways for people to get video. And from the Cable side, we have our highest margins, our best quarter in EBITDA and revenues, and the companies continue to grow because we pivoted the strategy. So -- and our satisfaction scores are at all-time highs. So we're giving customers choices, and we found a way to get ourselves to a place of unique and in different, so that we're not trying to push something on to a customer that perhaps is a rock up a hill that we don't want to have to do. So that strategy has worked for us. So as I think forward, I think we believe aggregation is a real opportunity on to see customers who have now so many more choices. And there's -- they just want to get to the content they want really fast and in a seamless way and somebody who makes it work for them. And we're seeing viewing patterns change. And we were just talking before the call about one of our shows on NBC at Peacock, something about PAM. Not only that come out of the dateline franchise inside the NBC IP kind of redefined video, if you will, out of the News business and the Dateline franchise. The first airing, if you just went off a traditional television rating, you might have one conclusion. And as you've watched the show grow, now with on-demand, with Peacock and with NBC Dateline Special, and you put all that together, the show's really successful. So having a company that can do all those things across both on all of the platforms NBCUniversal has positioned us. So I think we now take that, those kind of examples and figure out how, in this new partnership with Charter and across the NBC portfolio, and we find a way to continue to innovate and be relevant to the next generation and existing generation of television viewers. So I'm -- and then you put in place what Sky is doing with Sky Glass, and you see how it can be integrated into without any box right into your television, and that's what XClass can be. So I don't know, I think it's a pretty exciting road map ahead, definitely some change, and that's what I think our company has been pretty good at navigating. Jeff?
Jeffrey Shell: Yes, Jessica. So our Theme Park business, as you can see in the numbers, is absolutely performing great. And with that is your question is the international visitation in our domestic parks is less than half of what it would normally be this time of the year for Orlando in California, and even given that our bookings going forward, looking at the summer, are at historic high levels.  And the one thing I would also add is while Japan doesn't have the same international visitation as Orlando, it does have international visitation and is also seeing almost no international visitation, and it is returning to pre-pandemic levels without that international visitation too in Osaka. So we're very excited about our Theme Parks going forward.  And one of the things to note is we've invested in our attractions all during the pandemic. So international visitors who have delayed coming to our parks have a lot to experience when they -- when travel starts picking up. So we could be more confident about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett: I want to stay with the broadband theme for a moment. you talked about the run rate absent the free customers converting would have been around 1 80. Can you talk about the market growth aspect of that, new household formation and in particular, sort of what you're seeing in your edge-outs and the pace at which you can extend your edge-outs to try to expand the footprint a little faster? And how much sort of -- I guess, how much of a floor you think that can put on your broadband growth rate going forward?
David Watson: Yes. Craig, this is Dave. So yes, on the front end in terms of the real trending of household formations, the thing that we're looking at is literally the change of address data that we stay focused on. And that's what has continued to tick down and even went further down in our footprint in March. So -- and we think there's an impact of household formation as well. So it is a good point in terms of footprint. We're very focused on our opportunities. And I think we've been pretty consistent with one new component to it of the 3 main areas of opportunity.  One is just expanding footprint within our -- the traditional cable areas that we serve, and that's high amounts of residential, single-family MDUs and some commercial within our footprint. There's been some starts and some pauses within that in terms of new construction. But in general, we think over time, that works its way, will continue to pick back up.  And the second thing are proactive builds, we call hyper builds, which is mostly commercial, but will drag in some opportunities in terms of MDUs and some resi.  And the third one is rural edge-outs. And those are the things that we've been focused on. Now there are opportunities to really play offense. And with the -- there are great programs that are available, federal and state, the subsidies that are available. And we're actively evaluating various potential opportunities and submitted a lot of applications where we've determined that this is going to provide a reasonable and economical way for us to serve these new areas. And so it's early, way early on these things, but we're having success, and we're getting some wins on these programs.  So I think, yes, this is going to be a constant focus for us to look for opportunities. We want to be the trusted partner for communities, and I think it will be competitive. A lot of people will be looking for these subsidies. But we're going to edge-out our properties and look to build out. When you look at a number, we did last year in '21, approximately a little over 800,000 new passings that we built. I think a safe way to look at it is we're -- at a minimum, we're going to shoot for that again. And hopefully, we'll have upside on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs.
Brett Feldman: I'm actually going to follow up on the comments that Jeff was making earlier on the parks. You noted that you're seeing great performance in Orlando and per capture up considerably. First, I was wondering if you might be willing to quantify that, the extent to which your per caps are stronger now relative to where they had been prior to the pandemic. And then bigger picture, Disney has spent a lot of time talking about steps they've taken over the last 2 years to position their parks business to have a higher yield as we fully emerge from the pandemic. I was hoping maybe you could just elaborate a bit on some of the things you've done. You mentioned you've invested in new attractions. But are there other steps you've taken over the last 2 years or so that would lead you to believe that this improvement in per caps has a degree of durability to it, such that you will indeed be operating a higher-yielding business yourself whenever we're fully out of this?
Jeffrey Shell: Yes. Thanks, Brett. So I don't think I mentioned per caps. Our per caps actually are up from before the pandemic, but I was talking about attendance and mix of attendance. But the main thing we've done during the pandemic in our Theme Parks is we've continued to invest in them. So we added major attractions in all of our parks. We didn't really slow it down much during the pandemic. So VelociCoaster, our new rollercoaster in Orlando, has been just phenomenally successful.  We added Nintendo in Japan, which is showing real strength, and we're really excited that we're going to be bringing that to Hollywood next year and then ultimately to Orlando. We added a pet attraction in Hollywood. And of course, the biggest thing we're doing is we're building a new park, Epic Universe, down in Orlando, which is going to continue to add to our length of stay, and it's going to be anchored by that Nintendo land that I mentioned before, but also some of our other key attractions. So yes, our per caps are up. Yes, we cut costs in the business, which we've been pretty open about. But the main thing we did was continue to invest because we see -- we really are optimistic about that growth in that business going forward.
Operator: And your last question is from John Hodulik with UBS.
John Hodulik: Maybe two quick ones. First for Brian. Obviously, a lot of dislocations in the market and a lot of media stocks have been under pressure, especially in the last couple of weeks. Can you give us a sense of how you're viewing sort of M&A opportunities? As was said in the previous question, you guys have always taken the opportunities to reposition the company as necessary. Do you see accretive value-creating opportunities in the market sort of more so now than maybe 6 months ago? That's number one.  And then for Jeff, on Peacock, I guess, is the slowdown in net adds you guys are calling out just a function of coming off the Super Bowl and the Olympics? And then any impact from -- the strategy I hadn't heard before about putting the NBC broadcast on Peacock next day, any impact to your retransmission agreements as a result of that move?
Brian Roberts: Thank you, John. No, I don't think there's any new things to report today. I think we're here to really focus on a great quarter and a great start to the year. Obviously, the strategy, I think Jeff said it well, that we employed and goes back a number of years that we just -- we have a company that has a lot of opportunities around the world. And I think we are pretty focused on those opportunities. You're always going to look at new things and changes in the situation, just as Jeff also said. But the main focus, and you take something like your last point on the Olympics, I used the one example on a television show, I just can't emphasize, even though the Olympics were really challenged and maybe weren't what we all had hoped for when we bought years ago with all the political activity around the world, the team, the storytelling, the heroes, athletes, this company can do things no other company can do to present that using new technologies. And I think that's what puts us in a very special place. Jeff?
Jeffrey Shell: Yes. Just adding more color to Peacock. So our 4 big programming areas, and we've said this before, are sports movies; leveraging the strength of our movie studio, which is really strong; linear programming, as Brian talked about, with the thing about PAM leveraging our linear programming on a nonlinear basis; and then originals. And so the first quarter was really the first time we employed some of those. So we had the Super Bowl and Olympics in the same week, as Brian mentioned at the top. And we also took advantage of that audience by putting a movie, Marry Me, on Valentine's Day, right in the middle of that. So we had 3 segments.  What was really encouraging about that is not only did we obviously add the subs we've talked about, the 4 million paid subs, but we -- 2 things. Number one, we didn't churn out of those subs. We maintained those subs as you saw in the quarter end numbers. And the second thing is we used all that audience to promote the first original that we really were high on, which was Bell Air, and we had our first real hit from an original perspective. So the last piece of our programming strategy, which we really haven't employed yet, is the next-day programming from NBC, not just NBC, by the way, but Bravo and our cable networks as well. That programming to your question is currently exists, but it's on Hulu as part of our Hulu deal. And as part of our termination at the end of last year, we're bringing all of that programming from Hulu back to Peacock starting in September. There's no impact on retrans because it's the same programming that's already out there. But instead of going to Hulu and seeing the voice the next day or Real Housewives the next day, now you'll be able to see it exclusively on Peacock starting in September, and we're pretty excited about it.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, John, and that will end our first quarter 2022 earnings call. I want to thank everyone for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:00 p.m. Eastern. It will run through Thursday, May 5, at midnight Eastern time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 5683886. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 p.m. Eastern today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Dave Watson, Jeff Shell, and Dana Strong. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks, while Dave, Jeff and Dana will also be available for Q&A. Let me now refer you to Slide 2, which contains our safe harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks Marci, and good morning, everyone. We just reported a strong fourth quarter to end a year that had a number of important financial milestones. In 2021, we generated record high revenue, EBITDA, adjusted EPS, and free cash flow with contributions coming from across the company. These results reflect our resilience, strategic decision-making and disciplined approach to capital allocation, which is driven by a relentless focus on growth and creating long-term value. I'm incredibly proud of how we've navigated through the past two years amid the unique and ongoing challenges posed by the global pandemic. We've been able to quickly pivot when necessary in order to continue offering world-class connectivity, entertainment and experiences while simultaneously prioritizing the health and well-being of our customers, guests and employees. So now turning to the specifics. Our Broadband centric businesses, Residential, Business Services and Wireless help drive 11% adjusted EBITDA growth and a 190 basis points of organic margin expansion in Cable. And while the quarterly cadence may have come in differently than we expected, we added 1.1 million customer relationships and 1.3 million net broadband subscribers, bringing total customer relationships to 34.2 million and total broadband subscribers to 31.9 million as of year-end. In Wireless, our unique and recently enhanced relationship with Verizon enabled us to bring a more competitive offering for our wireless customers that also improve the economics for us resulting in our largest annual growth in wireless lines yet, while reaching profitability on a standalone basis for the first time since launch. The recovery to our Theme Parks is truly remarkable. We just reported the most profitable fourth quarter on record with demand especially high in Orlando, which had the best quarter in the company's history for any quarter. I'm even more excited for our newest Theme Park, Epic Universe, which is in construction as we speak. Hollywood and Osaka are also on a great trajectory. And we just opened Universal Beijing, which will provide a more meaningful contribution in the years to come. We also accomplished a lot on the content side. We are back to normalized levels of programming and production at both NBCU and Sky. We successfully renewed a number of sports rights agreements, including the NFL, Bundesliga, PGA Tour, Premier League and others, which provides us great visibility for the next several years and we're monetizing IP through creative new windows. I'll share more detail on Peacock in a bit. But 2021 was a fantastic year for our fast-growing streaming service, which has outperformed our high expectations. At Sky, our UK businesses maintain wonderful momentum with very strong trends across all metrics, including customer relationships, ARPU and churn and fueling Sky's full-year EBITDA growth of 10%. Germany is showing signs of a successful recovery and in Italy, we're managing the impact of the transition in our sports rights even better than we had expected. Finally, on 2021, I'd like to highlight the strength of our balance sheet and the increase in the amount of capital we returned to shareholders. We hit our leverage goals a bit earlier than we had anticipated during the pandemic, which enabled us to repurchase $4 billion of stock, the majority completed in the back half of the year. And including our dividend, we returned a total of $8.5 billion more than double that of 2020. Now, let me discuss our priorities for 2022. First is broadband, which is a healthy, scale business with a structurally advantageous financial profile defined by high operating leverage and margin accretion. We believe that the broadband market conditions in 2022 will continue to be impacted by COVID. And within this environment, we will strike the right balance between subscriber acquisition against a large and expanding addressable market as well as long-term profitable growth. On that front, we will evaluate every opportunity to increase our serviceable passings even more so than we have in the past. We will take advantage of the natural progression of new household and business formation, as well as the potential subsidies from the federal, state and local governments to expand into unserved areas. We will also aggressively compete for market share through our strategy of bundling products around broadband, so that every customer in every segment has plenty of choice at the right price. Convergence with Xfinity Mobile will play a big role. In terms of marketing, how our sales force operates, packaging and the overall interface we have with our customers. Scaling this business is a key focus for us in '22 and beyond. And we will do everything we can to continue to improve the experience for our customers and maintain the high levels of retention that started well before the pandemic. Our AI technologies and digital service tools enable us to resolve issues without a call or visit. In fact, this past quarter, total calls handled by our agents decreased 18% year-over-year and truck rolls declined by 16% while we continue to grow our customer base and increase our NPS scores. Broadband connectivity has never been as important as it is now to all of us. And people increasingly expect more than just speed. They also want innovative products that are easy to use and consistent and reliable service throughout their home, that's what we deliver. We have an incredible network, but what differentiates us even more is the ecosystem we've built around this network. We spent the last several years developing the right processes, finding the right technology and hiring the right people so that we can execute at great scale. I'll share a couple of tangible examples that illustrate this. We are moving aggressively on a path to 10G, while maintaining our level of CapEx intensity. It's still early, but we already are out in the marketplace with our new technology and higher upload speeds in some of the markets. And we will continue to expand this in 2022 and beyond. We also just launched the first WiFi 6E gateway, truly the first DOCSIS 4.0 device with the capability of delivering multi-gigabit speed. Our goal is to continue to innovate on top of this and further widen the gap between the in-home experience that we offer versus any of the competition. Priority number two is Peacock. Premium video consumption continues to increase across the industry currently approaching 600 billion hours per year in the U.S., up from 350 billion hours annually in the broadcast led era of the early 1990s. We've also seen that the average household spend on video continues to grow by over 10% since 2014 alone, which is constantly expanding the addressable market. NBCUniversal has played a significant part in this ecosystem ranking as the number one TV portfolio audience and number two film business in box office with incredible engagement. Today, NBCU reaches over 100 million U.S. households, which is nearly 80% of the population every quarter. Of that 100 million, Nielsen reports that nearly 60 million households watch at least 10 hours of our content every single month. That's more households than our competitors in both linear TV and streaming. When we introduced Peacock to you back in early 2020, our vision was to launch a streaming service that offers premium content and is supported primarily by advertising. What we've learned so far is that we started with the right business model. With over 300 million hours of content consumed on Peacock per month, the engagement with our platform has proven extremely valuable to advertisers. We also realized the importance of diversity when it comes to genres. And so we added sports. We introduced early access movies and we started ramping up some originals. Behind these investments, we found ourselves well on our way to exceeding the MAA and revenue targets we initially discussed. In fact, at the end of 2021 we had 24.5 million monthly active accounts in the U.S. or about 75% of the guidance we have provided for 2024. Within these 24.5 million MAA are over 9 million paid subscribers approaching $10 in paid ARPU, which includes the advertising. And that is without much focus on paid subscriber growth. We have another 7 million highly engaged bundled subscribers from Xfinity and other top distributors who use Peacock every single month. And currently receive Peacock Premium at no extra cost. We expect strong conversion of this group to paid subscribers over time. We've accomplished all this despite our movies and NBC content still premiering on other streaming services through the end of 2021 including HBO and Hulu and with the majority of our best content still to come. We just started including the NFL, our Pay-One movie deal kicks in this year and we have a growing number of originals in the pipeline. Our research indicates that 80% of consumers prefer an ad-supported service over a higher cost ad free SVOD offering. We see this in our customer mix, with the vast majority of our paid subscribers choosing the $5 paid AVOD tier over the $10 tier without ads. You combine this with the fact that our paid subscribers have much lower churn and significantly higher engagement and we think the most valuable end state for Peacock is to have two revenue streams. And so while we will continue to leverage the more than $20 billion of programming spend we already have across NBCU and Sky, we are committed to reallocating and increasing investment on top of this to drive further growth in paid subscribers, which we believe is the right path to creating long-term value. I couldn't be more excited about the momentum we are seeing with Peacock in the U.S. as well as the international opportunities ahead. In late 2021, we introduced Peacock on Sky in the U.K. and Ireland. That earlier this week we announced the rollout of Germany and Austria and plans are in place for our own Sky Showtime joint venture to launch later this year. Next, our company's third priority for 2022 is to monetize and expand the reach of our proprietary global technology platform and our addressable customer base. In October, we launched Sky Glass in the U.K. and XClass in the U.S. both build upon our investments in X1, Flex and Sky Q. This year, we'll continue to evolve the strategy to incorporate more markets, additional partners and new distribution outlets. I look forward to updating you on our progress. Our fourth priority is to continue to have a positive impact on society and the communities we serve. A big part of that work is our commitment to DE&I and Digital Equity. A decade ago, we created Internet Essentials, which has become the nation's largest low income broadband adoption program and we have recently expanded our efforts with the launch of Lift Zones where we brought free WiFi to more than a 1,000 community centers around the country. These are just two examples of how our teams have come together to help connect more people to the tools and resources they need to succeed in a digital world. So I am really proud of our many accomplishments in 2021 and extremely optimistic about the opportunities that lie ahead for our company. I firmly believe that our integrated strategy with the assets, capabilities and talent we have today will continue to drive growth across our businesses and create long-term shareholder value. Mike?
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, Brian, and good morning everyone. I'll begin on slides 4 and 5 with our consolidated 2021 financial results. Revenue increased 9.5% to $30.3 billion for the fourth quarter and 12% to $116.4 billion for the full year. Adjusted EBITDA increased 17% to $8.4 billion for the fourth quarter and 13% to $34.7 billion for the full year. Adjusted EPS increased 38% to $0.77 per share for the fourth quarter and 24% to $3.23 for the full year. And we generated $3.8 billion of free cash flow for the fourth quarter and $17.1 billion for the year on a reported basis, which includes a $1.3 billion benefit related to the tax impact of the bond exchange we completed in August, $620 million of which fell in the fourth quarter as well as roughly $1 billion from returns on investing activities, most of which occurred in the fourth quarter. Excluding these items, free cash flow was $14.8 billion for the year. Now, let's turn to our business segment results, starting with Cable Communications on Slide 6. For the fourth quarter, Cable revenue increased 4.5% to $16.4 billion, EBITDA increased 7.8% to $7.1 billion, and net cash flow grew 9.2% to $4.5 billion. For the full year, we grew customer relationships by 1.1 million with 169,000 net additions in the fourth quarter. Overall customer growth continues to be driven by broadband where we added 1.3 million net new residential and business customers for the year and 212,000 in the fourth quarter. Our net adds this quarter reflect the continuation of lower overall marketplace activity, particularly move activity compared to historical trends. While this resulted in lower connect volumes, it also contributed to high levels of customer retention with broadband churn improving to the lowest rate for any fourth quarter on record. Broadband was also the largest contributor to our Cable revenue growth with broadband revenue increasing 8.5% in the quarter driven by the strong net additions over the past year, as well as healthy growth in average revenue per customer. Moving to Wireless, revenue increased 40% driven by growth in customer lines and higher device sales. Overall, we added 1.2 million lines for the year and 312,000 lines in the quarter, the best result since launching this business in 2017, bringing total mobile lines to 4 million. As Brian noted, over the past year we have made tremendous strides fully integrating wireless into our core cable operations, achieving standalone profitability of $157 million this year. Now that we've crossed strongly into profitability and the business is deeply integrated into our core cable operations, we won't be disclosing standalone wireless EBITDA going forward. Business Services revenue increased 11.5% or approximately 7% excluding the acquisition of Masergy, which closed at the beginning of the fourth quarter. Our strong organic results were driven by customers taking faster data speeds, higher attach rates of our advanced products and rate increases on some of our services, as well as the continued growth in our customer base, which grew by 63,000 net new customers over the past year with 17,000 additions in the fourth quarter. For Video, revenue declined 1.2% driven by customer net losses totaling 1.7 million over the past year, including 373,000 in the fourth quarter, partially offset by higher average revenue per customer. This higher revenue per customer was driven by the residential rate adjustment we implemented at the beginning of 2021, which we believe was also a driver of video subscriber losses. We implemented a similar rate increase earlier this month, so we expect this trend to continue throughout 2022. Last, advertising revenue decreased to 12.5% reflecting lower political advertising compared to record levels in last year's fourth quarter. Excluding political, advertising was up 9% with modest growth in core and double-digit growth in advanced advertising. Turning to expenses, Cable Communications' fourth quarter expenses increased 2%. Programming expenses decreased one 1.2%, reflecting a decline in video customers, partially offset by higher rates. As we enter 2022, programming expenses should reflect the benefit of fewer contract renewals, combined with the impact from our anticipated decline in overall video customers. Non-programming expenses increased 4.1% and were flat on a per relationship basis, reflecting investment to drive organic growth in the business as well as the expenses related to our recent acquisition of Masergy. The primary driver of the year-over-two-year [ph] change was technical and product support, which increased about 10% largely related to growth in our Wireless business and was partially offset by lower bad debt and customer service expense. Cable Communications EBITDA increased 7.8% to $7.1 billion for the fourth quarter and Cable EBITDA margin reached 43.4%, reflecting 130 basis points of year-over-year improvement. We believe we are striking the right balance by continuing to invest in our growth businesses, which are driving the top line and proving to be a great return for us, while at the same time continuing to increase our operating efficiency and take unnecessary cost out of the business. All of this together should enable us to drive higher profitability and expand margins both in 2022 and thereafter. Cable capital expenditures increased 3.7% in the quarter and 4.9% for the year, resulting in capex intensity of 10.8%, our lowest full year on record and essentially in line with 2020s 11% driven by lower spending on customer premise equipment and support capital, partially offset by higher spending on scalable infrastructure and line extensions. As we noted on our call in July, we expect our cable capex intensity will remain around 11% for the next few years as we continue to increase the number of homes and businesses that we pass and accelerate our investment and the technology that will enhance the overall capacity of our network, both downstream and upstream. This is a direct step to DOCSIS 4.0, which allows for multi-gig symmetrical speeds essentially with the software update providing very little to no disruption to the home in a very capital efficient way. Now, let's turn to Slide 7 for NBCUniversal. Starting with total NBCUniversal results, revenue increased 26% to $9.3 billion and EBITDA decreased 6.8% to $1.3 billion. Media revenue increased 8.4% to $5.8 billion, driven by higher distribution and advertising revenue with a significant contribution from Peacock. Distribution revenue increased 12% reflecting higher rates post the successful completion of several carriage renewals at the end of 2020 and a growing contribution from Peacock due to our growth in paid subscribers, partially offset by subscriber declines at our networks. As a reminder, beginning in the first quarter of 2022, we will lap these carriage renewals. Advertising revenue increased 6% reflecting higher pricing, which benefited from our strong upfront and a growing contribution from Peacock, which was only partially offset by ratings declines and a difficult comparison to record levels of political advertising at our local stations and last year's fourth quarter. Media EBITDA decreased 49% to $721.1 million in the fourth quarter, including a $559 million EBITDA loss at Peacock. Excluding Peacock, Media EBITDA decreased 24% reflecting higher costs associated with more sporting events at our regional sports networks compared to last year when the NBA and NHL delayed the start of their seasons due to COVID-19 as well as higher television programming and marketing costs, driven by the return of our full schedule compared to last year when our schedule was impacted by COVID-19. This difficult cost comparison will continue in the first quarter. Before moving on, I want to build on Brian's comments regarding Peacock. In 2021, Peacock generated revenue of nearly $800 million and an EBITDA loss of $1.7 billion, which includes content spend of over $1.5 billion. Even with a relatively limited programming slate we've achieved a level of success in MAAs, paid subs and engagement that is driving our decision to double our content spend on Peacock in 2022 to over $3 billion with the goal of ramping domestic content spend to $5 billion over the next couple of years, some of which will be incremental and some of which will be a reallocation from linear programming. For 2022, while we expect a significant step up in revenue, the incremental investment we are spending in both content and marketing and service will likely result in an EBITDA loss of roughly $2.5 billion. While the timing of when Peacock breaks even maybe pushed out from where we originally expected, we believe pursuing a dual revenue stream is the right strategy to create long-term value, and given the strength in our Theme Parks and high margin linear businesses, the good news is that we will fund this pivot out of NBCUniversal cash flows. Moving next to Studios, revenue increased 36% to $2.4 billion but EBITDA declined 34% to $51 million. This decline was driven by the timing of our film slate, partially offset by growth in TV content licensing. Film has a multi-year business model with titles monetized over time as they transition through different theatrical and licensing windows. As a result of pausing film releases in 2020 during the pandemic, we had fewer new titles come into the licensing window in the fourth quarter compared to a year ago. And at the same time, marketing costs were higher as we released Sing 2 and Halloween Kills in theaters. This impact of fewer carryover titles and higher year-over-year marketing costs associated with more theatrical releases will begin to diminish as we move forward, but will continue to pressure EBITDA growth for the next few quarters. Last, at Theme Parks, revenue increased by $1.2 billion to $1.9 billion and we generated EBITDA of $674 million, which was our highest on record for any fourth quarter driven by strong momentum in the U.S. and Japan. At our U.S. parks, we benefited from strong domestic attendance and per caps that were above pre-pandemic levels. At Universal Studios Japan we saw improved attendance levels as government-mandated capacity restrictions were eased during the quarter. At our newly opened park Universal Beijing, we are pleased with our first full quarter of operations where the level of demand from our guests was high, but overall attendance was impacted by COVID-related restrictions. Despite that, Beijing's EBITDA was essentially breakeven in the quarter and we anticipate modest profitability in our first full year of operation in 2022. For total Theme Parks, while we have been very pleased with the pace of our recovery, particularly in the U.S., we recognize that the business is subject to variability related to the pandemic, which tends to be more pronounced at our International Parks. Now let's turn to Slide 8 for Sky, which I will speak to on a constant currency basis. For the fourth quarter, Sky revenue decreased 2.5% to $5.1 billion as solid growth in the U.K. was offset by our results in Italy, where we continued transition through the change to our Serie A broadcast rights. Direct-to-Consumer revenue decreased 1% reflecting a modest decline in average revenue per customer relationship and overall customer relationship additions of 61,000 in the fourth quarter. This gain mostly came from a meaningful increase in streaming subscribers, primarily driven by seasonally strong entertainment content as well as a widely viewed sports schedule. The higher level of streaming additions in the quarter, more than offset the level of customer losses we experienced in Italy, which were also better than we had anticipated. In the U.K., Direct-to-Consumer revenue increased mid-single digits, driven by continued healthy customer additions, supported by record low churn and higher average revenue per customer. Revenue growth benefited from growth in broadband and wireless streaming and hospitality as pubs and clubs revenue has recovered back to 2019 levels. This was offset by a decrease in customer relationships and average revenue per customer in Italy both mainly due to the change in our Serie A broadcast rights. Rounding out the rest of revenue, Content revenue declined 23% driven by the change in sports licensing agreements in Italy in Germany. And advertising revenue increased 1% with healthy growth in the U.K. and Germany, mostly offset by a decline in Italy. Turning to our EBITDA results; Sky's EBITDA increased 188% to $464 million, driven by our strong performance in the U.K. and improvements in Germany and Italy. Overall, the results reflect lower sports programming costs due to resets in our sports rights, partially offset by a change in sports rights amortization, which resulted in an increase of $130 million. As a reminder, we announced this change last quarter. It did not impact our full year results but it does impact the quarterly pattern of recognizing sports rights amortization costs with expenses higher in the first and fourth quarters and lower in the second and third quarters. I'll wrap up with free cash flow and capital allocation on Slide 9. As I mentioned previously, in 2021, we generated around $15 billion in organic free cash flow excluding the items I referred to earlier. Consolidated total capital increased 3.6% to $12.1 billion, largely driven by higher investment on our broadband network. Looking ahead to 2022, we expect Cable capex intensity to stay around 11% and NBCUniversal capex related to the construction of Epic Universe to be up around the $1 billion. Working capital was $1.5 billion for the year, a $1.3 billion increase over last year's level, reflecting a post-COVID ramp of investment in studio content and our broadcast of the Summer Olympics. But less than we originally expected, largely due to the timing of content spend at both NBCUniversal and Sky and a faster than expected recovery at Theme Parks. Turning to capital allocation, we ended the year with net leverage at 2.4 times and returned a total of $8.5 billion to shareholders, including $4.5 billion in dividend payments and $4 billion in share repurchases. For 2022 as I said previously, we expect to continue to maintain leverage at around current levels, which I expect will support continued strong capital returns. As we announced this morning, we are raising the dividend by $0.08 to $1.08 per share, our 14th consecutive annual increase and our Board of Directors has increased our share repurchase authorization to $10 billion. This capital allocation policy will allow us to maintain the balance we've talked about, investing organically in the businesses, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning capital to shareholders. So, thanks for joining us on the call this morning. With that, I'll turn it back to Marci who will lead the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Mike. Regina, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. I'd like to ask question about the sort of first two priorities, Brian, that you laid out at the top. So on broadband, you talked about a balance between volume and rate. Obviously, the environment is tricky right now. Maybe Dave, you could talk a little bit about your philosophy on pricing, bundling with wireless, whether there's an opportunity to sort of let wireless pull broadband through. And how you think that sort of segmentation activity can help net ads. And any expectations we should have about net ads for '22 would be helpful? And then I think for Jeff, obviously, after Netflix last week, the markets view on streaming has cooled a bit. And no surprise, you guys seem to be pacing on ARPU well ahead of where you thought, back when Steve presented the thesis a couple of years ago. Can you put sort of a business plan in front of us a little bit more? So we can understand the incremental investment, the kind of returns you expect? And how does this translate into sort of growth for NBC, the company over time? So we can get a little more context around your decision to step in this much. Thank you, guys.
Brian Roberts: Thanks so much, and good morning. So I think demand, let me just start higher level with what I think our principles are. And then Dave can get into the specifics of some of the more detail that question. For broadband, just - demand just keeps going up. That's the importance of the product. And I think we're incredibly well-positioned to service our customers and monetize on the investments that we want to make. And the industry penetration has continue to expand. But despite that, we think we have a long runway for growth. We still believe with about 50% penetration in our footprint. That leaves us with the long part of the field to keep going. And we also are expanding the field, because we're able to grow the footprint and grow the addressable market, as I talked about given extensions and government subsidies and some of the investments by the government in broadband. And we're going to evaluate every opportunity we have to accelerate our passings. So from here, I expect the growth is going to be fueled by the strength of the network, focused on innovation and product differentiation. We're going to continue to improve our products to be best-in-class, increase our speeds, and always enhance the customer experience. And so, our ability to compete in segment to customers and do it throughout the entire market, not just regionally, I think these are all the advantages we've gotten where I think we're going to keep growing. But Dave, why don't you go into some of the pricing and volume and some of the questions that Ben asked.
David Watson: Sure. Hey, Ben, so let me start with trends. You asked about that. And so we're seeing a lot of the same trends, we've experienced at the end of last year with connect activity remaining lower than what we experienced towards the end of last year. And one of the key drivers other than seasonality, just not being as normal. One of the key drivers of this is lower move activity. And when you look at external move data, which we track very closely compared to '19, this move data tracks fairly closely to our connect indexing. So, however, in terms of trending, the great news is churn. Churn is at record lows and continues to get better. So one other thing in terms of trending is our focus. We talked about, we go after every segment, and we're going to also make sure we're competitive in the income constraints segment. So it's early, but I think we've done a nice job marketing the benefits of the new ACP program. So in terms of trending, that's where things stand right now. Mobile, I think it's a very good point and totally agree. Our mobile is key for us, in and of itself is a great growth opportunity, but it's also very important to broadband. We've talked a lot about broadband and churn benefits that continues. But we want to bring mobile value to every segment in every offer. So as we segment the marketplace in broadband, and whether it's a standalone broadband relationship, which is fine, but we're going to talk about broadband and mobile. And every single product and offer construct, we will deliver that. And we're simplifying and converging mobile offers just to make sure every single sales channel is optimized to deliver on these offer constructs. So look more in '22. But more of that, as we go throughout the year. And then last but not least, is pricing. In terms of broadband, we've had a very consistent approach to broadband pricing. We've been competing for a long time, in all sorts of different competitive environments. And we focus on different levels of broadband speeds. We focus on innovation and surrounding broadband with product enhancements that are embedded within broadband like Flex, you get security, coverage, great gateway devices. And we just tested a device that points towards longer-term, where we can deliver four gigabits in this trial symmetrically, up and down. So we have a long roadmap of innovation that we feel very good about that will eventually go into pricing. So - but our general approach is a holistic one. In that we are not, we focus on every single product area, but it's the total bill that we look at. And so that is our main focus, leveraging speed tears, taking always a look at the total customer bill. And from that perspective, we're a little bit lighter on broadband, the last couple of years, including this year. And as in video, we take a little bit more in video because of the carriage renewals. You can see our pricing approach as we balanced just to your initial point, share and rate, we think we have a good formula. We be competing like this for some time, and we feel good about this approach going forward.
Jeff Shell: Hey, Ben, it's Jeff. So let me just give a little bit more color on Peacock. So going back to when we did our Investor Day, which is just over two years ago. We believe that the best model for us was an ad supported model. And we plan to offer and we did offer back at that point when we launched three different ways to get Peacock a free AVOD supported model, a light 499 light advertising supported dual revenue stream model with some more premium content. And then we offer - also offer a 999 SVOD product. At the time, we believed that the free AVOD product would kind of be our most popular and our leading product. What we found is that consumers are voting with their feet. And the vast majority of them are choosing the middle model, the 499 model with pretty more premium content, and a light ad load and ad load that's much lighter than linear and much lighter than some of our competitors. And that's resulted in some of the numbers that Brian and Mike laid out. Our MAAs are 24.5%, which is 75% of the way that to where we thought we'd be in '24 back then. We haven't really focused on paid subscribers. And we're already over 9 million people paying us real money. And when you add the fact that in Comcast territory and some other of our distributors, we offer this premium product bundled for free, and over time those will convert to pay. That's a pretty favorable model. And our ARPU has resulted in, has responded. I think in our Investor Day, we expected to get to $6 to $7 in ARPU, and we're already approaching $10 as Mike said in his comments. So this is really favorable for us. And what we've done is we've invested behind this, as Brian said. So we've put some more money into bringing our content back, our Pay-One movies, especially from HBO, which are going to be coming back later this year. And that's resulting in and the greater investment and the greater losses that were laid out. But we think also greater returns because this model is dual revenue stream model really mirrors our existing business. And we think that the peak investment year will probably be '23. Based on our plans, and then the revenue growth will overtake the investment growth and will start turning positive. The most important thing to keep in mind is that we're playing really a different game than our competitors. We've really believe that Peacock is not a separate business for us. It's an extension of our existing business, dual revenue stream. We are organized in our television business so that we run all of them together as one business. We programmed together as one business, picking the right model for each of our pieces of content to maximizes that. And we think over time, that's not just going to lead to good growth on Peacock, but it's going to lead to our TV business once we hit that peak investment period on Peacock returning the growth overall. So that we're as Brian said in the outset, we're number one on NBC. We're number one on news. We're -- our studios really strong. We have, in my opinion, the top content company in the world. And we're using that strength along with our business model to really play a different game in streaming than everybody else's. And we're really pleased with our performance so far.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks, everybody.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Ben. Regina, we'll take the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.
Phil Cusick: Hey guys, thanks. So one follow-up and then a separate question. First, on the Peacock side, I think you have an opportunity to pull content back from Hulu this year. Does it make sense to do some of that as part of this Peacock investment or is this more organic? And then second, on capital return. You have a $10 billion buyback authorization. You think that's a good guide for 2022 or do you think it could be substantially different? Just given the -- what you've outlined today? Thanks very much.
BrianRoberts: Jeff, why don't you start with the Hulu question.
Jeff Shell: Yes, thanks. Thanks for the question. So obviously, much of our strong NBC content, as Brian mentioned, premieres on Hulu. And over time, we'd like to bring that back to Peacock. But any discussions that we're having with Hulu, or will have Hulu we're really not going to comment on. So there's nothing really to report at this time.
Brian Roberts: Mike.
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, Jeff. So and Phil so on capital return, I'd not take the authorization of $10 billion as a guide of anything. Not trying to send a signal there. That's the level that the board last authorized. We use some of that up, and we wanted to top it up as we started the year. And as you know, it's easy for us to go back when called for and quickly get greater authorization. So what I tell you to think about as we talk about capital return and buybacks is, Brian and I and all of us here have been talking about our excitement, and the imperative of getting back into balance where strong capital turn through dividends and buybacks, which has been a hallmark of this company over decades and decades. Would be back on the table, along with keeping the balance sheet strong, and obviously, prioritizing making high returning investments in our business, which we talked a lot about what's going on, on that side on the call earlier. So I think it sets us up to be at the place we're at now back in balance with leverage at 24. And I would point everybody not to number expect us to buyback, but rather the leverage level that I expect us to stay at, which is around this level of 2.4x. I think that is going to set this company up for in 2022 and beyond very strong capital returns. And the number you guys all come up with is really just a function of doing your model for your own growth. I think we're going to grow EBITDA. But there's a variety of views there. And I think we enumerated a lot of the areas from Epic, the park in -- theme park in Orlando, to Jeff's commentary and my commentary on expected losses of a Peacock as we invest there, yet that's to be funded out of cash flows that the business itself NBC media will generate. So we think that's a very thoughtful way of funding the pivot to future growth in the media side to name just a few. So and obviously, capex intensity a cable, maintaining at around the 11% level. I think is an important element for people to think about with Dave, having talked six months ago on this call about what he wanted to do to drive towards DOCSIS 4.0, which I think sets our network up for the future. So that's what I got for you on a capital return. Hopefully that hits it off for everybody.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Phil. Regina.
Phil Cusick: If I can follow-up on one thing. You mentioned that working capital was a little lower in 2022 than for '21 you expected. How should we think about '22 versus '21? Thank you.
Michael Cavanagh: I should - I could be nick quip, but your guess is good as mine, but really it's a hard number to forecast goes in. Obviously as we get back post-COVID and ramp up some production. I might tell you to expect it to trend a little bit higher than then it was and get back more towards 2019. But I said that last year and it didn't happen. So I will leave it to the point that it's a number that's, we're obviously when we spend money on working capital. We're expecting to get a good return. But I think it's somewhere in the range of where it's been, last year, the range would be where we were last year, or higher up to where we were in '19 pre-COVID. But I'm not in a position to give you a prediction other than give you some color.
Phil Cusick: Thanks, Mike.
Marci Ryvicker: All right. Thanks, Phil. Regina, next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. One for Brian, one for Dave. Brian on connected TV, what should we expect the next few years as guideposts for what you would consider success with your connected TV efforts. And now you have some learnings, early learnings with Sky Glass and XClass TV? Do you have all the assets you need to be as successful and CTV as you would like to be? Dave on the wireless side. AT&T indicated yesterday what investors already thought, which is that the overheated wireless market and net ads would slow in 2022. How does that dynamic or would that dynamic a slowing wireless market impact the pace of net ads and promotional strategy for Comcast? And sorry, David, as part of that, now that you've reached full-year profitability in that business, should we think the strategy going forward is to sort of invest in customer acquisition and sort of maintain your breakeven or site profitability, or even though you're not reporting anymore what should we expect margins to continue to improve on the wireless side of the cable business? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Okay, there's a lot in there. And, Dana, I may come to you in a moment, or just had to comment a little bit about Connected in our early days of Sky Glass and just maybe in general, how you see it sets us up for the future. But I think that's the big picture answer that I would give, Doug is that we see people connecting to our network in a variety of ways in the future, and different generations of customers have different needs. So from the great new Wi-Fi device that Dave just talked about to what we can do with a new platform whether that gets you into Telemedicine, gaming, education, above and beyond all the entertainment, that news that we're doing today. And so when you play with Sky Glass or a Connected television, you see the potential opening up, it also creates a potential for partnerships with companies that want to use that platform, when extend their own products to different ways. So it creates relevancy for us with consumers. And our early learnings have been, I think pretty spectacular. So Dana, why don't you take a minute and just what you'll hear about Sky Glass also can relate to eventually XClass TVs, but Dana over to you.
Dana Strong: Thanks, Brian and thanks, Doug, for the question. We appreciate it very much. I'll just start by saying really pleased 12 months in with how Sky performed in 2021. And I'd like to highlight landing EBITDA at a 10% growth rate really underpinned by the U.K., which continues to perform very well with growth in EBITDA revenue and customers. And a good turn as we head out of COVID here and we also have made the adjustment in our sports right strategy very successfully in Italy, in Germany with both entities outperforming our expectations. So I would say overall confidence in the Sky business as we walk into 2022 is feeling very good, feeling very confident about our growth prospects. And part of that also leads me to Glass because Glass is this will be our first full-year in Glass, we launched in the fourth quarter last year just before, we're really excited about it because it opens up new headroom for us. So what I mean by that is first, it opens up new customer segments as we move into an IP based service. So it gives us the opportunity to sell to customers that previously couldn't have that service because they weren't allowed Dishes. It opens up new customers who are more streaming focused, and value conscious customers. As we convert the cost of the TV into a monthly low cost price point like the mobile phone model, it opens up new value conscious segments for us. And it's important to kind of say that this is a really good retention product is it's a 24, 48 month contract. It also appeals to existing customers and it really deepens our relationship with them.  So feeling really good about how it appeals to new customer segments ensures that existing customers. The second big source of value for us is it's a new ability to make a margin on equipment. So that's new headroom for us. And the third area for us and Brian reference it's a new platform and what we mean by that is a new platform for innovation for future services, so whether that's syndication to new markets, like our Foxtel deal in Australia, or new services like fitness, watch together games and other things we've got in the hopper, we're feeling like this becomes a continuous source for innovation, to either drive retention or launch into new revenue streams, depending on what the service is. We're off to a strong start. So we've got a great reaction from the market. In the launch phase, we focused on our existing customer base, our most loyal customers as we always do on Sky, we're really excited as we head into quarter one, to open it up to general market, more so and really start to step on the pedal. So for us as we enter into 2022, we really feel that Sky is in a strong position. We think that Glass is really off to a strong start, we're feeling good across all of our products and markets. And we think Glass is a really important growth opportunity for the organization for all the reasons we just touched on, Brian.
Brian Roberts: Good, Dana. Thank you, Doug. A couple of things. Just following quickly, on Dana's point, we're very excited that Cable Group in the U.S. focusing on that global tech stack, and being able to pull off connected devices. And over time, we'll be opportunistic with what Dana is doing. And that we're leveraging our organizations just brought over from Sky working both with Sky, with Cable, Fraser Stirling that's looking across at all product innovation. And not only video, but also broadband. And that global tech stack is really important for us, XClass TV, it's early, but every single aggregation point will be converged over time, so that I think that's a real leverage opportunity. On your point of wireless, I think the biggest thing, Doug, is that there's just so much upside for us, the way we look at it, every single broadband home is an opportunity and every single broadband home should have at least a couple of lines. So to me, the addressable market expands. And as we continue to build out and add more homes, just more opportunities. So we go after a converged approach with broadband, and mobile, and it's a real opportunity to drive share in and of itself, mobile is a great product. But when you add it together, it just gives value to every single segment that's unique to us, that we can do differently. So to me, '22 is a year of optimizing that, as I mentioned earlier that we're going to take every single sales channel, simplify the go-to-market approach, with mobile included for every segment, whether it's income constrained right on up, there'll be a mobile component in everything that we do. So I think there's just a really big opportunity over time, and you look at it from an operational standpoint, one bill, one app, converge features in and out, leveraging Wi-Fi. There's a lot of opportunities for us in mobile. And by the way, we just launched it in business services and small business, and we're having great early success there. So mobile, I think will impact us about everything we do. One last thing, just a quick clarification for folks. When I was talking about trending, it was I was talking about not the last quarter of course, I meant worse than 2019-2020. But just to clarify that.
Doug Mitchelson: Helpful, thanks.
Marci Ryvicker: Virginia, next question, please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. Two NBCU questions, first theme parks is a division which seems to have the most upside for the company. And once demand turns it tends to be this like a pent-up demand for years. So can you give us some color on like, what the underlying, what's going on underneath the surface? Are international visitors coming back yet? How much more leverage do you think you'll have in the parks? And what's the timing of Epic Universe opening? And then the second question, I just want to do a quick follow-up on Peacock. You came as you guys said you came out of the gate with a different strategy. But a lot has happened in the last two years with increasing global competition, can you just talk about your longer-term goals? Do you want to be a global platform, you seem more focused on profit and subs versus some of your competitors. How do you think about I guess, Jeff said you're managing the television business as one unit. So how do you think about differentiating content among your different TV businesses?
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, Jessica. So let me take those kind of in order. So first of all, it's impossible not just to be excited about our theme park business, we had a great year, we had a great fourth quarter as Brian mentioned. And really across all the metrics of that business, we haven't seen any impact of Omicron in Florida, for example and very limited impacts which we seem to be passed in Hollywood and Japan. So everything's kind of going in the right direction. And even as we start the first quarter, continuing in that direction, I think part of that, by the way is because we continue to invest in our attractions during the pandemic, as Brian also mentioned, with the lots of [indiscernible] in Orlando, and pets in Hollywood, and Nintendo, which is doing really well in Japan has led that park to rebound really, really quickly. So all signs are pointed up in our theme park business. And I agree with you, we have a lot of growth ahead, our international visitation has not returned to what it was historically would be in Florida, we generally are in the low 30s. Right now, we're just above 20 with most of that visitation now coming from the U.K., and Europe, Latin America hasn't returned yet. So we have upside there as people continue to increase travel. And we're also I should mention very happy with Beijing, which is open people love the park. And when travel opens up in China, after the Olympics, we are really optimistic of that park long-term. So everything is going well and then trending in the right direction. Epic is full steam ahead. We're, I was down there a couple of weeks ago. And the construction is going really well. And I think we said this in the past, but we expect that park to open in '25 and certainly in time for the summer of '25 and we'll be back to you and everybody we get more granular on the date. 
Brian Roberts: And just on that point, if I look back over COVID, one of the things I wish we could redo was slowing down Epic, because I agree with your both with Jeff saying and with your point, Jessi, this is a business that if you build wonderful attractions, there is pent-up demand. And we're going to make a fabulous park at Epic and we're full steam. We're going as fast as we can now to make up for lost time.
Michael Cavanagh: Turning to Peacock, so let me just first say that, that we believe as everybody else does that you need global scale ultimately to compete in the streaming business that that is clear both in terms of your content spend and your technology and brand spend. Like everything else, we're taking a little bit different approach than everybody else. First of all, if you look at where we are today, just like Comcast put their shoulder into Peacock domestically to get us where we are. Without Sky, we would have been a much different place with Sky which has launched Peacock in the U.K. and Germany. Thanks, Dana and is launching in Italy later this year, combined with the Sky Showtime joint venture that we have, we believe those all of those territories get us with the U.S. to 70% of the overall streaming market because remember, you can't launch streaming in places like China, there's parts of the world that just doesn't work. So the real question is how we get to the next 30%. And we're going to be disciplined about it. We're going to look to partnerships and really on a bespoke country-by-country basis of how we expand internationally. And we're going to get to global scale. But we're going to look to do it really probably in a more measured country-by-country way and optimistic that we can get there. And then lastly, your question on content is an interesting one. We believe very strongly that Windows matter in the content, business Windows matter in the movie business, Windows matter in the TV business. When you take a piece of content, and you put it on different platforms, sometimes you get a new user base, which then feeds into demand back in your original platform. And we're going to use the strength of our platform to optimize across each piece of content and give each piece of content the biggest chance of success. So it's not really a science, it's more of an art where we think content can work. And you'll see content from us going across multiple platforms in multiple ways. And we'll really look at it for each piece of content, whether it we think it can drive Peacock subscription, which will start on Peacock or whether we think it can drive reach and will start an NBC or some of our linear platforms. So hopefully that answers your question.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Okay, thank you.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jessica. Virginia, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.
Jay Li: Hi, this is Jay Li on for Craig Moffett. Thanks for taking the question. On broadband, could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing competitively in markets, whether it's fixed wireless or fiber? And then in the context of share buybacks, can you give any color on the expectation of Peacock content spend in terms of incremental versus reallocation that you mentioned earlier in the call? And then it sounds like you're doing a bit more agile on the cable side and the impact in terms of pace and impact on CapEx there as well. Thank you.
Michael Cavanagh: It's Mike. On the last two, Peacock we kind of covered the color there. The expectation that losses this year with the investment net of what we get reallocated will be a Peacock loss of $2.5 billion is the likely number we think and then on Cable, the 11% CapEx intensity that we talked about is all in for the all the initiatives, Dave has described. So in competition really hasn't been a notable shift in the competitive environment from either fiber or fixed wireless, still very competitive, plenty of activity going on in terms of overbuild. And we've been at it for quite a while. And by the way, including fixed wireless where the earliest market launches, it's almost three years since we've competed against those early launches in fixed wireless. So, our game plan is to anticipate where and how competition happens. We have a constantly evolving playbook. And we're -- the key point is we're growing penetration where we compete against both fiber and non-fiber. So we take it seriously. We look at each one of the areas, all the varieties of overbuild fiber and fixed wireless and our goal and the game plan is to focus on our ubiquitous network advantage that we have not looking at our competitors so often at a very local level, have to make trade-offs on their network decisions. Our DOCSIS 4.0, DOCSIS game plan is a very robust one puts us in position to deliver and capacity in speeds on every application that's out there. Our goal has always been I mentioned earlier to develop a better product and deliver it. That's very different from our competitors where you just add value, and now including mobile, but we just have a different broadband product. It's better in terms of overall speed and coverage and Wi-Fi when you pull it all together, the net of that is a ubiquitous, better product. And we're delivering more passings and so as competition talks about that we're adding passings and did a really nice job the last handful of years and we will continue to do that. So our goal is to stay ahead of every single application that's out there and deliver the best broadband service and we feel like we're in a good position.
Marci Ryvicker: Great, that will conclude our fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. Thank you everyone for joining us.
Brian Roberts: Thanks everybody.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12 'o clock p.m. Eastern Time and will run through Thursday, February 3 at Midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 2698862. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12.30 p.m. Eastern Time today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-29 02:06:06) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Comcast Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, Operator, and welcome everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Dave Watson, Jeff Shell, and Dana Strong. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks while Dave, Jeff and Dana will also be available for Q&A. Let me now refer you to Slide 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer.  I remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call over to A - Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marci, and good morning, everyone. We had a wonderful third quarter across the entire Company, with 18% growth in adjusted EBITDA and 34% growth in adjusted EPS. And we generated $3.2 billion of free cash flow. One of our goals the past several years has been to return to a position of offensively investing our existing businesses, paying a growing dividend, and also buying back meaningful amounts of stock.  So, I'm pleased to report that we have now achieved all of that in this quarter and we're back to our desired leverage ratios. Our Cable division continues to be a standout delivering over 7% revenue growth and the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit EBITDA growth of 10% fueled by our broadband business, which generated 300,000 net additions and contributed to a very healthy 255,000 net new customer relationships. Business services has emerged from the pandemic and was also a key driver of our results. And we believe this momentum will continue.  Our success comes from our network advantage, innovative products, and world-class operational capabilities which enable us to provide an unparalleled experience. Just like in residential, we are proactively responding to the needs of our commercial customers and offering personalized solutions. While small business has led our growth for the last decade we're still significantly under-penetrated in the mid-market and enterprise segments.  We see a lot of potential to take share in our large addressable market, which just got even bigger post our recent acquisition of Mesa G (ph.), which builds on our strong offering of technology solutions. Mesa G (ph.) has become a leading provider to companies worldwide and unlocks a customer segment that we don't have today, particularly U.S. based organizations with multi-site global operations. Xfinity Mobile exceeded its prior record, adding 285,000 lines, the most in any quarter since launch.  And we continue to evaluate ways we can accelerate this business even further as wireline and wireless connectivity services continue to converge. We're looking at new, exciting products and packaging that highlight how we're able to provide our customers with the best and most reliable broadband wherever they are or wherever they go, and help them save money at the same time. And with only 6% penetration of our 32 million broadband customers we have a long runway.  Taking all of this together, we have an incredibly robust broadband business and we've been adding over a million broadband customers each year for the past 20 plus years and we continue to deepen these relationships by offering a fantastic and differentiated in-home experience with the fastest modem and gateway and the greatest WIFI coverage.  We plan to continue our relentless focus on aggressively developing and improving our suite of products around connectivity. The foundation of all of this is our network. And we are currently in the process of deploying new technology, updating key infrastructure, and accelerating virtualization across our footprint so that we can deliver even further enhancements, fast and at scale to millions of customers.  And we will continue to evaluate every opportunity we have to expand our passings which will bring our amazing suite of products and services to many new homes and businesses. All of David Watson and his team superb execution is around decades of investment that has led to constant new product innovation, including this month's launch of XClass TV, an extension of our leadership in video aggregation.  XClass is an innovative smart television powered by our global technology platform that brings the best of our Company's entertainment operating system to consumers nationwide, together with the option to use either Xfinity, Charter, or other entertainment apps. At NBCUniversal, we continue to see great progress in each of our businesses. But I'd like to highlight our theme parks, especially Orlando, which just reported the most profitable quarter in its history despite having virtually no international guests, due to COVID related travel restraints.  In Hollywood, we continue to see recovery and we had a very successful and exciting opening of Universal Beijing Resort on September 20th. I also look forward to COVID related restrictions easing in Osaka which could happen soon. Our media business is also doing very well. We're benefiting from the many changes Jeff Shell and his team implemented starting in 2020. With new hires, different roles, fresh content, and a more efficient operating structure.  We're seeing the financial success in both our linear networks, as well as Peacock, which has maintained its momentum. We have a new breakout hit with La Brea which has been a contributor to NBC's overall audience lead this primetime season as well as the best performing new show on Peacock. Sunday Night Football has returned with great momentum, which we're seeing across our platforms.  And we're thrilled with the performance of our second Halloween installment, which generated more revenue in its opening weekend at the domestic box office than any other film this year with a day and date streaming release and as the number one non-live event premiere in Peacock's history. We're also looking forward to extending our streaming platforms outside of the U.S. With Peacock launching on Sky next month and Sky Showtime in the works for mid-2022.  At Sky, I want to re-emphasize how well we're performing in the UK, which continues its growth trajectory and customer relationships led by record low . We're also seeing great momentum in our broadband and mobile businesses. Earlier this month, A - Dana Strong and her team introduced Sky Glass in London, a premium all-in-one streaming television and multi-channel subscription package that is so much more than just a stunning TV with amazing sound.  It's an innovation platform that opens up a whole new world of entertainment for our customers, and simplifies the experience so they can stream every channel, every show and every app, in one easy-to-use interface. And already, the customer response has very much exceeded our initial expectations.  We're also incredibly proud that Sky Glass as the first TV to be certified carbon-neutral. Sky has been leading all of Comcast with its sustainability goals. And is the first media Company in the UK to commit to being net carbon zero by 2030. While Glass and X Class are distinct products with different monetization and distribution strategies, they extend our customer base beyond our previous capabilities and they run off the same global technology platform.  This allows us to quickly bring the best features to consumers across territories, segments, and brands, and on Comcast hardware and through our syndication partners. I'm pleased to also announce today that Apple will bring Apple TV Plus and the Apple TV app to our Xfinity and Sky customers on X1, Flex, XClass, Sky Glass, and Sky Q devices and Comcast is bringing the Xfinity stream and  apps to Apple TV devices.  We're working together with our partners to deliver the best apps and experiences on our platforms. And our teams are sharing capabilities and collaborating across the Company collectively drawing on our scale and leadership and broadband aggregation and streaming to innovate and profitably serve new and existing customers.  Looking ahead, I am excited about the opportunities we have to both invest in our business and return capital through buybacks and dividends, all while maintaining leverage around current levels. And I believe we are extremely well-positioned to continue our track record of building long-term shareholder value. So, I'm pleased to now hand it over to Mike for more detail on this strong quarter.
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks, Brian. And good morning, everyone. I'll begin on slide four with our third quarter consolidated 2021 results. Revenue increased 19% to $30.3 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased 18% to $9 billion. Adjusted EPS increased 34% to $0.87 per share. And finally, we generated 3.2 billion of free cash flow.  Now let's turn to our business segment results, starting with Cable Communication on slide 5. Cable revenue increased 7.4% to $16.1 billion. EBITDA increased 10% to $7.1 billion and net cash flow grew 16% to $5 billion. As a reminder, comparisons to last year were impacted by adjustments accrued for customer RSN fees.  Excluding these adjustments, cable communications revenue increased 6.3% with no corresponding impact to EBITDA. We added 255,000 net new customer relationships in the quarter, once again, driven by broadband, where we added 300,000 net new residential and business customers. We continue to benefit from high levels of customer retention with broadband churn improving to the lowest rate for any third quarter on record.  The strong level of net customer additions over the past year, including this third quarter, coupled with higher average revenue per customer, drove broadband revenue growth of 12%. This growth was about a point lower, excluding the RSN fee adjustments in last year's results. Wireless and business services also drove our strong cable revenue growth. Wireless revenue grew 51% driven by growth in customer lines and higher device sales. Overall, we added 285,000 lines in the quarter, the best results since launching this business in 2017, bringing total mobile lines to 3.7 million.  Business Services revenue increased 8.7%, reflecting an increase in rates and customers primarily driven by the continued improvement in small businesses. We added 18,000 net new customers in the quarter and 72,000 over the past year. We recently closed on our acquisition of Masergy, which enabled us to offer a broader range of products and solutions to mid-market and enterprise customers and expand s our market opportunity to customers with a global presence.  Moving to Video, revenue increased 1.4% and was flat excluding the RSN fee adjustments in last year's third quarter, driven by a residential rate increase at the beginning of the year, mostly offset by a video subscriber, net losses totaling 408,000 this quarter. Last, advertising revenue increased 4.6%, reflecting a strong overall market recovery compared to last year's third quarter which was impacted by COVID, partially offset by lower political advertising.  As a reminder, the Q4 year-over-year comparison will be impacted by record levels of political advertising last year. Turning to expenses, cable communications ' third quarter expenses increased 5.3%. Programming expenses increased 7.6%, mainly reflecting the comparison to last year, which benefited from RSN adjustments.  Excluding these, programming expenses were up 2.8% as we begin to lap the large number of contract renewals that started to cycle through in 2020. Non  expenses increased 3.9% and decreased 0.8% on a per relationship basis, reflecting our investment to drive growth in our core businesses, broadband, wireless, and business services. This resulted in higher technical and product support in advertising, marketing and promotion expenses, which were partially offset by lower bad debt and customer service expense.  Cable Communications' EBITDA increased 10% to $7.1 billion, including a contribution of $51 million from our wireless business. Cable EBITDA margin reached 43.9%, reflecting 120 basis points of year-over-year improvement. While the RSN fee adjustments had no impact on EBITDA, they did impact margins last year. Excluding the RSN adjustment impact, our margin expanded a 160-basis points year-over-year.  Cable capital expenditures decreased 5.4%, resulting in capex intensity of 10.4% for there is typically some choppiness and Cable capex from quarter-to-quarter, mainly due to timing. Now let's turn to Slide 6 for NBCUniversal. Starting with total NBCUniversal results, revenue increased 58% to $10 billion and EBITDA increased 48% to $1.35 billion. Media revenue increased 48% to $6.8 billion, including $1.8 billion associated with the Tokyo Olympics.  Excluding the Olympics, revenue increased 9.2% driven by higher distribution and advertising revenue. Distribution revenue increased over 12%, reflecting higher rates, post the successful completion of several carriage renewals at the end of 2020. And a growing contribution from Peacock, partially offset by subscriber declines, which have been stable for the past few quarters.  Advertising revenue increased 7.2%, reflecting an overall market recovery compared to last year, very strong demand and pricing for our Ad inventory. A higher contribution from Peacock, and a solid start to the new fall season, including Strong NFL ratings partially offset by the timing of sporting events compared to last year when several events that shifted from the second quarter to the third quarter.  Media EBITDA increased 1.2% to $997 million, including results of Tokyo Olympics. The favorable comparison on the timing of other sporting events and Peacock losses that were impacted by higher costs associated with the day and date release of the Boss Baby: Family Business.  As a reminder, our fourth-quarter results will face a difficult comparison to last year due to higher costs associated with the timing of more sporting events at our regional sports network an increase in our original entertainment as we continue to launch our fall season, and the inclusion of our latest studio release, Halloween Kills, on Peacock. Studios revenue increased 27% driven fairly equally by growth in theatrical and content licensing revenue.  The increase in theatrical revenue reflected the continued success of F9 as well as several new releases including the Boss Baby family business, which was in theaters and on Peacock. In addition, content licensing revenue growth benefited from the delivery of content to our networks, Peacock and third parties.  Studio EBITDA declined 47% to $179 million, driven by higher amortization of television and film production costs as we return to pre - COVID levels of production and investment in marketing and promotion to launch our new films. Looking to the fourth quarter, EBITDA comparisons to last year will remain challenging in the short-term as we launch new theatrical releases and ramp our TV productions, which had been impacted by the pandemic.  Moving to theme parks, revenue increased by $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion dollars and we generated EBITDA of $434 million which included about a $130 million of Universal Beijing pre -opening costs. This was our most profitable quarter since the pandemic began in the Q1 of 2020, driven by improved operating results at our U.S. parks, including strong domestic attendance and per caps that were above pre -pandemic levels. In fact, as Brian noted, Universal Orlando delivered its highest EBITDA for any quarter in its history.  At Universal Studios Japan, results were challenging as we continue to operate under a government capacity restriction, keeping attendance below 2019 levels. Last, we opened Universal Beijing on September 20th, where the initial demand has been positive. While our parks offer a great experience year-round, we expect some seasonality given Beijing's weather conditions with lower attendance in the fall and winter and more in spring and summer.  So overall on Parks, we are encouraged by the continued recovery, but getting back to and then exceeding pre -pandemic levels of EBITDA will likely require an improvement in international visitation. Now let's turn to Slide 7 for Sky, which I will speak to on a constant currency basis. For the third quarter, Sky revenue was $5 billion and relatively consistent compared to last year.  Direct-to-consumer revenue was also consistent with last year's results, primarily reflecting strong growth in the UK driven by continued growth in customer relationships and higher ARPU due to the positive impact of a rate increase earlier this year. Higher mobile device sales, and the continued turnaround in hospitality revenue as pubs and clubs come back. This was offset by a decrease in customer relationships and ARPU in Italy, mainly due to a negative impact from the reduction in broadcast rights to Serie A.  Sky's overall customer relationships declined 233,000 entirely driven by customer losses in Italy. Advertising revenue increased 16% with the results in the UK driving the bulk of the growth and reflecting the overall market recovery from COVID-19. This increase was offset by a 26% decline in content revenue, driven by the change in sports licensing agreements in Italy and Germany, as well as the timing of sports events compared to last year when several events had shifted from the second quarter to the third quarter due to COVID-19.  Turning to our EBITDA results during the quarter, there was a change in the way we advertised sports rights. This cost is now aligned more directly to when games are played, including when seasons begin and end. This resulted in a $130 million benefit in the third quarter which will reverse in the fourth quarter.  Going forward, this change will continue to impact the quarterly pattern of recognizing sports rights amortization costs with expense higher in the first and fourth quarters and lower in the second and third quarters, but it should not impact our full-year results. Overall, Sky 's EBITDA increased 76%, reflecting this benefit, as well as lower sports programming costs due to resets in our sports rights and the favorable comparison on the timing of sporting events.  Before I comment on capital returns and balance sheet, let me make a comment on our corporate and other segment. As we've done in the past with other start-up activities, launch costs related to Sky Glass and XClass were reported in our corporate segment, which could become more meaningful beginning with this fourth quarter.  Now I will wrap up with free cash flow and capital allocation on Slide 8. We generated $3.2 billion of free cash flow this quarter, including a $670 million benefit related to the tax impact of the bond exchange we completed in August. Consolidated total capital was $2.9 billion for the quarter. And as expected, networking capital increased, reflecting our broadcast of the Olympics, as well as the continued post COVID ramp of investment in studio content.  Return of capital totaled $2.7 billion including $1.2 billion of dividend payments, and $1.5 billion of share repurchase activity. Our net leverage at quarter-end was 2.4 times, which means we are now back at a level that is consistent with our existing ratings and reflects substantial progress in both debt reduction and a strong rebound in our businesses post the pandemic.  From here, my expectation has that we keep our leverage ratio around where we currently are and continue to execute on our capital allocation priorities, which consists of maintaining a strong Balance Sheet, investing organically for profitable growth, and returning capital to shareholders. Looking ahead, our buyback will be a function of that balance and excess free cash flow available for capital returns. With that, I will turn it back to Marci, who will lead the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks Mike. Operator, let's open up the call for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. . If you are using a speakerphone, you may need to pick up your handset first before pressing the numbers. . Our first question comes from Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. Maybe Brian, starting with you. The Sky Glass -- the move towards the smart TV seems like a really interesting evolution of your product set, taking the business here beyond your footprint as you noted in multiple markets.  Can you just talk about some of the long-term vision of what that turns into for the Company? Because it seems like it's a pretty significant opportunity as you've been limited essentially geographically in the past. And then, I guess I have to come back, Mike, to your last comment there about leverage. Just doing some quick math.  I mean, you guys are run rating -- I guess -- $5 billion of buybacks a year, looking at the second half. You've got a 4 billion or so dividend, you generate a lot of freer cash flow than those two numbers. So, to stay levered here, there's a lot of excess cash flow which is obviously a nice problem to have. Anything else you would add in terms of how you stay at 2.5 times has given the strong free cash flow dynamics of the business would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Thank you, Ben. Let me start that if you look at where we are today, we -- the global technology platform, we do about 5 billion entertainment streams a week on 75 million devices. So, we have a huge global scale. And one of the great things that we've been working on with Dana and Dave is having a global technology platform and working together on product innovation.  So, to specifically talk about the connected TV, streaming TV, which is what Sky Glass and X Class are really all about. I think it's a natural evolution. So, I think it's a beginning of a logical extension. And so, I was in London for the launch of Sky Glass and we've been working on it since the day we bought Sky, taken about 3 years to see it come to fruition. It's a really exciting product to simplify for the consumer so much Dana can talk at a moment a little bit about it.  It doesn't really breakthrough idea I think on how people buy it and pay for, but mostly, it's an embodiment of what we do well, which is aggregation. And that we're going to find a way for consumers to get to what they want faster, personalize it, and have fun along the way. And then it's a platform for innovation on go-forward basis for where we think television may evolve and whether it's gaming, whether it's fitness, healthcare, education.  And so, having that be part of your relationship with our Company, I think is novel territory for us to do R&D off of in the US, and finally allows us to take it all over Europe, potentially, as you say, in and out of footprint. So, we're starting in the UK but we have ambitions to expand quickly to other countries. And it's great for streamers and streaming services.  Our importance to the streaming universe will continue to grow and our relationship and certainly the Apple announcement today is that the latest iteration of that. In the U.S., pretty much locked in sync with our Sky team is the X Class, and Dave can talk a little bit about that. But -- we look at the markets, there's different opportunities, different realities with our partnership with Hisense and with Walmart, where many Americans get their televisions. And so, we're excited to begin.  And I think -- so different ends of the market, perhaps. We'll look at this as learnings across the globe. And it follows right on the heels of X1 -Q (ph.) Flex and the progress we've made on innovations. So, I'm really excited by it, and I think it also shows the one Company working well together. Let me start with Dana. Why don't you add a few thoughts on Sky Glass? And then Dave over here and I, we'll get to the question on leverage with Mike.
Dana Strong: Thanks so much. Fine. I appreciate it. Sky Glass is our latest innovation for a new streaming TV. And as it was touched on, this eliminates the need for a dish and a set-top box. This is really, really important in the go-forward and we believe it's the smartest TV in the market. I can say based on our experience of product launches, the consumer reaction here has been fantastic. And I think that really starts with the product itself which is quite innovative.  We've changed the commercial model of the product to follow the approach of the mobile handset sales. So, we've converted a large upfront payment to an affordable monthly payment with ownership, of course. It establishes a long-term relationship with the customer as a result and it really improves -- the products really improve our acquisition economics because it allows for self-installation and there is no longer need for a dish and a set-top box.  And another big part of the product innovation has been reducing the complexity of the purchase decision itself. So, everything is inside, all of the highest specs and the customer really only needs to choose the size, inclusive of the audio, which is truly fantastic, all built in. And then the breakthrough in the experience. And that's where Sky really does shine as in the fully integrated product.  So that interplay between linear, on-demand, and app content, which can really enhance people's time spent viewing, so you no longer coming in and out of apps, but the content is lifted up, enabled to tag or crop content more easily. This is what kind of makes the products such as standout. And I think it's driving some of the consumer reaction that we've seen. And Brian touched on, we think Sky Glass gives us some interesting headroom.  It opens up customers we haven't been able to reach before as they've been prohibited from having satellite dishes or didn't want them, opens up customers who are more interested in streaming content. It opened up syndication opportunities for us. And importantly, as Brian touched on it, opens up a lot of opportunity for both stickiness and potentially new revenue areas when we think about things like watch together or fitness and health, long, long term.  We think this is a platform for innovation and really just the beginning. And I think the compelling part about this is that all of the guts of this are exactly the same as all of the Comcast technology. So, this is all built through the collaboration and enablement of Comcast. And so, the synergies between this and some of the smart TV developments in the U.S. are a huge synergy, is where the hardware, the software, the cloud services are almost entirely the same.
David Watson: Hello. This is Dave then, so -- and I think Dana hit it, Brian hit it, it's a -- really is for XClass, we're not starting from scratch because of this constant focus around innovation and working with the Sky team, working together with the cable group. So, we're excited about XClass. It's early days, but it is clearly the smart TV is a really important device to get to.  So, we're able to take our software stack working across the board and focus on the right segment that wants very little friction that just wants the smart TV to work and we're able to do two things. One, delivered the world-class UI. So great voice, great data integration, able to add things like the Charter app, our app on top of it.  And so, we can -- there's a lot of flexibility that we have in the business model that we have. We can go to market with the TV manufacturers, the retailers in mind, and pull it all together in a unique way, it's because we're coming in a little bit later. So, it's a great product, we're very excited about it within our footprint outside. And we're able to position Peacock as a key part of the offering and a great way, and within the UI. And so overall, very excited early but this is clearly a focus of ours.
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks, guys. Ben, it's Mike. On capital allocation and leverage, just to recap things, we ended at 2.4 times leverage. Like I said earlier, we intend to stay around this level from here, plus or minus a tick or so. We're not trying to stick the landing each and every quarter on a specific number by any stretch. But -- that's right. I think the -- we've said all along that our businesses are healthy, as you're going to hear from all the operating executives here.  They're all going to grow free cash flow over the long term, and that does create a big long-term picture for us that will put us in a great position to continue to maintain the strong balance sheet we have, continue invest organically in the businesses, and then return ample capital back to shareholders. And the prompts of the business and the patterning of those investments are what'll dictate the outcome, but it's -- we feel very good about being back at this place where that's what the picture looks like.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you, everyone.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Ben. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. So, I guess that leaves broadband for me. And so, I think Dave, in particular, Brian, I'm not sure if you have thoughts as well. There's just a lot of concerns in the marketplace by investors on fiber build-out and fixed wireless and then of course 3Q came in below 3Q 19. And I think Dave, a couple of questions. One is, what's the right baseline for growth in broadband net additions that investors should think about.  I think during the pandemic, as we move through? A lot of us look at 2019 as a normal year, pre -pandemic. It was a good year for you and the industry for broadband growth. So, one, when you look forward, like what's the right baseline for growth that you measure your businesses on? And then secondarily, any thoughts on how momentum looks in 4Q and how you feel about competitive threats would be helpful. Thank you.
David Watson: You got it, Doug. So first off, as you said, we're still clearly in a fluid environment. To be clear though, the fundamentals of the business are very strong. And there is a really long runway of growth in broadband. So, we haven't changed our feeling on that at all. We have a terrific network scaled. It's ubiquitous and it continues to perform exceptionally well. And we're in a good position for the future.  So, we haven't changed our view on the long-term trajectory of the Connectivity business. I'm just as confident and optimistic in the prospects for this business as I've ever been. been. So, when you look at the whole year, I think it underscores the strength of broadband. Year-to-date we've added over 1.1 million net additions, and we've been adding over 1 million broadband subscribers each year for the past 20 years.  And as you said, while the pace in Q3 was slower than we saw earlier in the year during the height of the pandemic, our broadband net adds are still very healthy and our churn remains at record lows, certainly for Q3. I think it's important to look at the current environment and I think that points a little bit, Doug, to what you're talking about. And just a couple of drivers to call out. One, when you look at the slowdown and Mike talked about this earlier, there have been a slowdown in connects across our footprint and we look very closely at the move activity.  There's more activity earlier in the year around moves, slower now, and certainly with the last couple of months. Below 2019 levels in terms of moves. A little bit less college student activity, not alarmingly so, but a little bit less. And just a little bit less switching activity overall. I think you look at other operators, everyone's turn is down.  That means some less jump balls where we do well. I think the other thing to call out in terms of drivers, we're seeing less growth from the lower income segment. We're still adding customers in this segment but not at the same rate as earlier. There are new government programs like EBB. We're seeing traditional wireless, not fixed wireless, but traditional wireless participates and be very active in this program. And last point on competition, look, we take it all very seriously and we've been in a very competitive situation for some time.  Our focus has not wavered. We innovate, we deliver the best product for each segment. We break the market down in term second -- terms of segments, and we compete at a very local level. We have our granular view literally at the block level geographically. And by each segment from HSV (ph.) is the only -- the multiple product household. So, you add it all up, our turn remains at record lows, whether it's fiber, whether or not. And we look at our competitors' performance overall to ours historically and now.  And I think this says it all. So, as for expectations for full-year results, while current visibility and overall activity creates a little bit of modest risk, we still believe full-year net adds will be around 2019 levels. So overall, when you look at this year and you go back to 2019, 2019 was second best year that we've had and -- well over a decade. It's just a terrific year. And so, for us to be at that level and the consistency that we've had has been so strong and you point to the fundamentals.  There are some things that were on but like always, you attack them and you break them down, but I really like the fundamentals and the momentum that we have, so I think the runway is absolutely still there. And the last point is Business Services is a very important part of the connectivity story. And in there, I love their momentum as well. So, you add it all up, I like where we're at with connectivity.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks very much.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Doug. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Chaplin with New Street.
Jonathan Chaplin: Thanks. Dave, I'm wondering if I can follow up on that last question. If the full-year is around 2019 levels which suggests that 4Q is a bit below where you were in 2019, is it your sense that we pulled growth from the fourth quarter earlier into the year and 2022 will be back to that normal trend or do you think the slowdown that we're seeing in 4Q might continue into 2022? And I recognize that it's difficult to have visibility given all of the sort of the puts and takes coming out of the pandemic but any color around the progression of the trend would be -- I think would be really helpful to investors.
David Watson: Understood. As I mentioned, around the visibility. So, I wouldn't comment yet at this point on '22 other to say what I've already said around '19 being very strong and point back towards the fundamentals and terms of the trending around turn the activity that we have. And so, and more to come later, but I think there's -- we have this consistent momentum.  I'll be going back -- pointing back to over a million broadband net adds in over a 20-year period. Just speaks to the strength of the category. So, overall views, long runway for growth, where we're at with penetration, we haven't changed our longer-term view of that.
Jonathan Chaplin: And just following on from that, it's presumably the low churn that you're seeing is speeding into the tremendous EBITDA growth that you're seeing in the Cable segment as well. If churn for the industry has to recover for growth in broadband to recover, would that -- is there an offset to growth in EBITDA then as we think -- as we look ahead as well?
David Watson: I think the main point, churn is already at a very good place. I think Our overall are record lows. So, I think what we're dealing with these transactional activities, it's a little bit later on the connect side. So, we're already in a good position.  I think we have a balanced approach towards ARPU growth. We have a balanced approach towards customer share growth. So, those fundamentals I think are consistent.
Brian Roberts: That's the one point I just -- this is Brian. Just want to add to Dave, I think gave a very comprehensive and I totally agree with the two questions that got asked he's answered. I think that that last point, I just want to underscore which is where the record low churn suggests to me anyway, very stable business. That's what's so great about the 32 million broadband customers we have. We have a recurring business. So, while maybe there was a pull forward, maybe there's a slowdown, time will tell as your question suggests.  Where we're looking at, how do we grow EBITDA, how do we grow margins, how do we maintain and offer more product connectivity? The very first thing we talked about, what else can you do with broadband? What will broadband evolve to over the next 5 years, 10 years? So, we're super focused on minute-to-minute, but we're also -- I think Dave put in context just how good we feel and its certainly business services the same kind of innovation that we've been doing in residential, we're doing in business services.  And so, it's not some change in market conditions that really, we've all been reading about. While there may be coming, and maybe there's some of that, I actually think it's personally the disruption from the pandemic coupled with a large percentage of Americans have broadband. So, the question for us go forward is, how do we continue to grow the value of that broadband and obviously therefore grow the value to our shareholders.
Jonathan Chaplin: Great, thanks guys. I really appreciate it.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jonathan. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is from Jessica Reif from BOA Securities.
Jessica Reif: Thank you. I guess a bigger picture question and that's something really short. You look out towards next year. NBC year, we both clearly have a record year, but the Olympics Super Bowl, record upfront, political looks like there's a lot of money being raised. Hopefully we'll see a return of international theme park visitor and  seem to be stabilizing. Sky obviously, you've got this rollout of Sky Glass and Peacock and hopefully benefit from some of the past investments.  And Cable as you guys have just discussed, you're going out of footprint with XClass TV, which I loved your comments, but it seems like it would benefit broadband, Peacock, and advertising mobile more aggressive. So, with that long-winded introduction, I just -- could you talk about your priorities for 2022 and beyond? How different will the business look over the next 3 years to 5 years? And then a quick short question, it's just on Peacock, you didn't mention anything about usage or monthly active accounts. So, if you could give some color there.
Brian Roberts: Well, let me start, but thanks for -- you're all over the sense of optimism. And at least, I think we all feel for the Company. I think we're one of the fortunate companies. During the pandemic, we've talked in the past about how well I think we transition to work from home, customer care, continued productions.  So, as we come, hopefully, out of this in the U.S. and globally, where are we driving or Company? And I think we will ultimately go where the consumer wants to be. And we have products and different prices that allow customers to come to our Company. We're getting close to nearly $60 million customer relationships. I think $57 million or $58 million global relationships. And these are $100 a month plus type relationships.  And so, we want to be the best leader. And that's why we're continuing the innovation, and then you add in theme parks and she talked about, and the big events that people come to our Company, whether they're advertisers or business partners. So, I think that's all driven off a global technology platform. And that's where I think we have the real leadership. And then, I want to echo what Mike has said a couple of times.  We feel like we're back in balance in our priorities, and that really puts us in a position to go forward to be disciplined in what we're doing, be a leader. And that's going to produce after all the many years that our Company has been building these relationships around the world to produce a lot of free cash that will be returned to shareholders. But, Jeff, why don't you go specifically to the Peacock and other NBC? We haven't heard from you yet. So maybe talk about the Company in general.
Jeff Shell: Yeah, thanks. Thanks, Brian and thanks, Jessica. So, everything on Peacock is heading in the right direction and there's really nothing from a trajectory perspective that's any different than it was last quarter or the quarter before. All metrics are pointed up. Our usage continues to be great. Our mix of users continues to be great.  We added a few million more subs, more MAAs. Everything -- advertising, we -- in this quarter, we just at the tailed of the quarter, we started selling advertising beyond sponsorship of which in the fourth quarter, it's all beyond sponsorship and that is going spectacularly well. So, we're really pleased with Peacock.  It's way ahead of where we expected to be at this point. And every month, every quarter, it gets further ahead. And as you were talking about the business overall for next year, I was getting excited because we're very excited about next year with everything that we've got coming across NBCUniversal from the Olympics or the Super Bowl, to a spectacular movie slate, to a very strong advertising business, ratings at our linear networks improving. And I think Peacock -- I would add to that, that Peacock is doing really well right now without most of its programming strength.  So, if you look at the future, and you look at where we're headed with Peacock, we have -- because of the pandemic we are behind on our original production. So, we're going to start to see a ramp up in originals on Peacock, which is very necessary to continue to grow, to have successful and robust original programming and we're excited about a lot of the things that were making for the service. We decided to buy our first window as we talked about last call of our movies.  So, our Pay1 Rights, so to speak. And the first movie in our Pay1 Rights will hit Peacock in the first quarter, and then we'll have a steady supply of movies. We've seen across all streaming platforms that movies move the dial, they move the dial for Peacock in this quarter with Boss Baby, recently with Halloween Kills, which by the way was a huge hit on Peacock and a huge it at the box office. So, it shows that you can play in two different markets.  So, we have all of our movies coming to Peacock and we couldn't be more excited about where Peacock is, and we'll continue to invest behind that success. I think it's important to remember too that we launched just over a year ago. We launched in July of last year. So, we've been in business for just over a year, and we're already more than a third of where Hulu is now, which is a service that's been more than decades in the making. So, excited about the year overall in the Company and really excited about where Peacock's going.
Jessica Reif: Thank you. Thank you.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jessica Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett: Hi, thanks. So, I guess, we -- having talked about broadband and some of the growth initiatives across the Company, let's talk about wireless as the other big growth initiative. I guess, first the way I would question sort of, we've seen some data that suggests that your Wi - Fi is offloading a lot more traffic than we would've expected from the contracts so that the gross margins of that business maybe much more -- much higher than we had previously believed.  It makes me wonder, what's the strategic goal for that business? Is it really to drive the business into being the largest, most profitable business it can be or is it still largely to reduce churn on broadband and think of it as more of a defensive product for protecting your existing business. And then if I could just squeeze in a second unrelated question. Can you just update us on your thoughts of Hulu, which, I guess, doesn't necessarily come up until 2024? But is there any opportunity that you might do something with Hulu sooner?
David Watson: Hey, Craig, Dave here. So, let me start with wireless. So, I don't think -- We really haven't changed our -- the strategic imperative behind Mobile, but most certainly, things have accelerated. And we are very focused on how we leveraged Mobile to support broadband. Once we successfully worked on the Verizon relationship and improve the MVNO relationship.  We're able to go-to-market with and launching the new unlimited plans, combining that with By the Gig, just puts us in a unique position. So, I think our goal is what we said earlier is to go faster and leverage mobile completely and everything that we do and how we surround broadband with a terrific product, I think it is profitable. It'll continue to be, we feel confident of that. But the main focus is to drive broadband. And there are a couple of key things: 1.  It is -- it continues to support the broadband churn. Again, pointing towards the record low broadband overall churns, mobile is just one piece of that. But it also drives consideration on the front end. So, when things -- the activity overall begins to tick back up, I think retail on mobile play a huge role. As you pointed out, I think the other key point is: how do we leverage product integration with Wi-Fi? We already do a great job.  Thus, the -- every mobile device -- we contribute just a ton of broadband traffic through these mobile devices over our Wi - Fi network, and its part of our network. So over time, we want to work hard on how do we integrate the experience and just do more. So, I think in the home, and we'll be opportunistic outside the home. So, I think it's -- we're accelerating mobile, every single sales channel, every marketing plan. And we'll continue to package mobile with broadband in unique ways going forward.
Mike Cavanagh: Hey, Craig, it's Mike. So, on Hulu, just tremendous increase in value there. Obviously, great business that's participating in one of the hottest areas of value increased streaming. So, we're happy to be along for that ride. Obviously, while we set up our own thing in Peacock. In terms of the deal, it is a couple of years out.  But remember, we put this together a couple of years ago and I'm certainly glad we didn't exit at the time, 3-year or so years ago. So, like the deal we have and I think we're always open for business. But it will be fine if we stay to the end because I expect value to keep increasing.
Craig Moffett: Thank you.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Craig. Operator, we have time for 1 last question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Philip Cusick with JPMorgan.
Philip Cusick : Hi, guys, thanks for squeezing me in. I want to ask a couple of follow-ups. First on the broadband trends. The last few quarters, and in September, you've been pretty specific on how you thought the year would come in. Is there just less visibility today compared to where we were in September? And it sounds like this isn't a competition issue, just more of an underlying demand. How also does that make you think about price increases this year for broadband and video with the pandemic still going on in new FCC? And as well on the buyback in the last cycle, you weren't really willing to borrow money to buy back stock, preferring to use cash flow and let leverage drift lower.  It sounds like it's different this time. And is that driven by the stock price being really attractive, or you really want to just keep that leverage in that mid-20s range? Thank you.
David Watson: Let me start as Dave, let me start with broadband. As I said, there is some limited visibility on what we've seen and obviously an acceleration of activity earlier in the year, that was more like '20 and the first part of '21, but primarily really -- on the connect side. And I think I walked through some of the drivers behind that. But again, pointing towards the whole year gives perspective on Q4 around the 2019 levels.  Still, I think the key is the overall turn levels just being where they are at and I've talked about that. Your point, our approach is to consistently focus on value. And whether it's fiber or not, our goal is constantly innovating, position the greatest network, I think, for today and tomorrow.  And we're constantly adding speeds. We've improved coverage, great devices, the gateways, the pods, control improvements that we've had, streaming with the Flex, now XClass, and Mobile. We're surrounding broadband with products. It eases some of the pressure around pricing when you can package with so many alternatives. The other thing that we do is we provide multiple tiers of broadband and we've market -- we break down the broadband marketplace into segments.  So, we have a lot of choice out there. And so, it is we go and we consult with the prospects upfront and customers all the time, what's best for them, and we put them in packages that work. And that gives an opportunity to drive ARPU when you do it that way. So, overall, the fundamentals, again, I've talked about in -- you look at the long-term runway of broadband and the consistency of how we performed. To me, that's -- I think points towards the future. So, Brian.
Brian Roberts: Okay. I think it's a perfect way to end the call. Phil, with your question, let me again state that I think it was a great quarter. And 1 of the highlights of the quarter was returning after several years to what we have, our target leverage ratio, which Mike talked about. And so -- we sort of separate, at least I do in my mind, the borrowing from the buybacks. They are not linked the way you described; they may appear that way.  And I just want to give a complement to our treasury team, Jason Armstrong and the team. During the last 18 months, our Balance sheets have never been in a stronger position. We've done some long-term rollovers and extensions at historically low rates. And so, you put all that together with this operating performance and it does get us back to where we wanted to be, which will then allow us to more aggressively take advantage of what a number of us believe as a great Company.  And, therefore, you can put your own value on it as shareholders, but we certainly are looking forward to buying back stock. And I think Mike described the logic well in the ratios. And all-in-all, a really great quarter. So, thank you, team, and thanks for your support on the call to the shareholders. Marci, over to you.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Phil. And thank you, everyone for joining us on our third quarter call. Have a great day.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: There will be a replay available for today's call starting at 12 PM Eastern Standard Time. It will run through Thursday, November 4th at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056, and the conference ID number is 4073347. A recording of this conference call will also be available on the Company's website beginning at 12:30 PM Eastern Standard Time today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator:  Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Miss Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this mornings call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Dave Watson, Jeff Shell and Dana Strong. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks, while Dave, Jeff and Dana will also be available for Q&A.   Let me now refer you to Slide 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements, subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.   With that, let me turn the call over to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?  
Brian Roberts:   Thanks, Marci, and good morning, everyone. Im really excited to report the strong second quarter results, which were highlighted by exceptional performance at cable, delivering 11% revenue growth and a nearly 15% increase in adjusted EBITDA. This was fueled by our fantastic success in broadband.   We added 354,000 broadband customers, an increase compared to both the same period last year and to 2019. And that drove 294,000 total customer relationship additions. These were the best broadband and customer relationship results weve had for any second quarter on record.   Our broadband connect activity is healthy, and churn improved for the 14th quarter in a row. In fact, we hit the lowest second quarter churn rate in our companys history. Based on our first half results, combined with the strength were seeing in current trends, we now expect total broadband net additions for 2021 to increase mid-teens relative to 2019.   We also added 280,000 wireless subscriber lines, the highest of any quarter since launch. And Xfinity Mobile is now a standalone profitable business. We got here on time, if not a bit earlier than expected, and we are experiencing the fastest sales momentum weve ever had, a testament to the changes we implemented in the back half of last year when we reprioritized wireless across our sales channels and integrated this business more fully into our core operations. And this past April, we introduced a fabulous unlimited family plan, which we just started offering to our small business customers as well.   So I couldnt be more pleased with Dave Watson and the team he has assembled as they have a relentless focus on connectivity, which has never been more important. They truly put the customer first, offering innovative and differentiated products and services, and pretty unique to the market. We now offer 1.2 gigs of downstream to essentially all 60 million homes and businesses in our footprint.   The foundation of our success is our network, which we constantly evolve, so that we can easily handle capacity growth, increase in subscribers, and the changing usage patterns of our customers who continue to take faster speeds.   Currently, there are typically 25 connected devices in the home, with eight active at any one time. And this increases every year that drives in-home Wi-Fi usage to 15 times that of wireless, delivering huge amount of data at consistent speeds and reducing latency is whats powering our growth. And were doing this in a cost-efficient way.   Virtualizing our network, combined with our suite of digital tools, also allows us to continue to improve the customer experience, while identifying additional cost savings. And the progress weve made is evident in our results.   During the second quarter, total agent calls decreased by 10% and total interactions were down by 7%. We also saw a 22% reduction in truck rolls despite an over 5% increase in our customer base.   So as I look ahead, I think about our philosophy since the early days of broadband, which has been to bet on a never-ending cycle of new technologies, devices and applications that come from Silicon Valley and new startups everywhere that need to take advantage of greater speeds and capacity over time. We see this transformation happening every day and continue to believe that this is ongoing for the foreseeable future.   So whats that mean for our network? Well, since October of 2020, weve been trialing gig and multi-gig symmetrical speeds over our DOCSIS infrastructure to great success. With upstream comprising today less than 10% of total broadband usage, even during a peak, we dont really have a consumer use case for this technology capability yet, but the strategy for our network is to plan ahead.   Were investing in architecture that lets us go beyond where consumers are and we can do all of this in a way that wont affect the capital intensity ratios we currently enjoy. Dave can provide more detail about the technological decisions were making during the Q&A.   With Cable comprising roughly 70% of our consolidated EBITDA, broadband is a top strategic priority. I could not be more pleased with the strength of this quarter and the first half of 2021.   Looking at other parts of our business. For the first time since the pandemic, our Theme Parks returned nicely to profitability. This was led by Orlando, where weve seen strong domestic demand in both per cap spending and in attendance, which returned to 2019 levels somewhat faster than I thought might happen, despite virtually no international visitation. And in Hollywood, since restrictions have been lifted, attendance is growing week after week.   We continue to see firsthand pent-up demand for high-quality entertainment and family fun outside of the home. And we remain incredibly bullish on our Theme Parks.   Our Studios business is also coming back. Weve returned to pre-pandemic television production levels, and were really optimistic about our upcoming films, especially after the success of Fast 9, which debuted at number one in all territories at launch, and with $600 million of worldwide box office to date remains the biggest U.S. film launch since the pandemic began.   Following Fast, we successfully released Boss Baby 2 and a latest installment of Purge. And over the July 4th weekend, we had the top three films at the domestic box office, the first time thats happened for any studios since 1995. We have a great slate ahead with Dear Evan Hansen in September, followed by a new Halloween in October; and we end the year with Sing 2.   Next, lets talk about our media and production strategy, which across the entire company, is aligned around one purpose, create premium programming, which we can then scale and monetize for the very best global distribution outlets. Peacock adds to what we already offer. Its a great complement to our linear brands, which are successful in their own right.   And together, these platforms provide a continuous loop of content and promotion that seamlessly drive viewership across our ecosystem, offering a different access point to attract new audiences while giving existing viewers more of what they love. We are clearly capitalizing on the strength of our media brands, having just completed the strongest advertising upfront in our history, securing double-digit increases in both volume and price across our entire portfolio.   And Im pleased to report that as of this week, Peacock has 54 million signups and over 20 million monthly active accounts. This is 50% higher than our last report, driven by a number of factors: the day and date release of Boss Baby 2; debut of Dr. Death, our most successful original to date; and the airing of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.   The third quarter thus far has been a particularly strong period. And we will work hard to manage retention and grow from here, recognizing we are unlikely to replicate such tremendous performance. But we remain optimistic with a lot of programming strength ahead of us, such as more premium originals, Sunday Night Football, the Beijing Olympics, and our reimagined dynamic pay one window, which starting in 2022 shifts our film titles to Peacock exclusively for the first and last four months segments in the pay window with Amazon Prime and Netflix sharing rights for the 10 months in between.   By showcasing content across multiple platforms, Universal films will constantly refresh across the streaming ecosystem, audiences will have multiple access points with which to consume our content. And we will generate more third party revenue while retaining the most valuable window for Peacock. So as you can see, weve successfully been able to pivot coming up with creative ways to keep up with consumer demand and in many cases, making even more money than we did before. At Sky, we are pleased revenue is back to pre-COVID levels despite the lingering impact that COVID continues to have on our pubs and clubs segment. Skys results were led by the UK with revenue and EBITDA ahead of 2019. And were seeing momentum across a number of areas. Premium TV churn is at record low levels.   And screaming we posted ARPU growth of over 20% for the fourth consecutive quarter. And in broadband where we just introduced our 500 -- offering. We experienced improved churn relative to both 2020 and 2019 despite a 6% price increase in the quarter. In addition, Sky mobile had the strongest second quarter activations on record, with churn averaging 40% better than industry average. And today were announcing the debut of our international streaming strategy for Peacock. Later this year, we will leverage Skys significant scale and powerful brand to include Peacock at no additional cost for its 20 million customers across Europe. The benefits of this launch are tremendous. We will unlock incremental advertising revenue, introduced the Peacock brand and content catalog via Sky to established platforms in key European markets and directly monetize our programming investments.   A decision to make Peacock the anchor tenant on Xfinity X1 and Flex platforms for its domestic launch has been a key driver of brand awareness, scale, consumption and promotion. And we see a similar opportunity with Sky. Were utilizing all the wonderful assets of our company to create value for audiences everywhere. And we look forward to finalizing agreements with other programming and distribution partners outside of our Sky markets. So summing up, this was a fabulous quarter and a great first half of the year. Im so pleased we are now in a position to buy back stock which we will report on in Mikes section. This is a truly very special company. And Im excited for the road ahead. Mike, over to you.  
Mike Cavanagh:   Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Ill begin on slide 4 with our second quarter consolidated 2021 results, revenue increased to 20% to $28.5 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased 13% to $8.9 billion. Adjusted EPS increased 22% to $0.84 per share. And finally, we generated $4.8 billion of free cash flow.   Now lets turn to our business segment results starting with Cable Communications on slide 5, Cable revenue increased 11% to $16 billion, EBITDA increased nearly 15% to $7.1 billion and net cash flow grew close to 15% to $5 billion. As a reminder, last year second quarter was most significantly impacted by COVID-19, including adjustments accrued for customer RSN fees. Excluding the impact of these RSN adjustments, Cable Communications revenue increased 9.3% with no corresponding impact to EBITDA. We added 294,000 net new customer relationships, up 35% over last year, second quarter and up 93% over the second quarter of 2019. This was the best second quarter on record and was driven by broadband where we added 354,000 net new residential and business customers, up 10% over last year second quarter, and 69% above the second quarter of 2019.   These strong results were driven by improved churn and healthy connects relative to both 2020 and 2019. And this was the lowest second quarter broadband churn on record. Looking ahead, as Brian mentioned earlier, based on our strong results through the first half of the year, as well as current trends, we now expect total broadband net additions for 2021 to be up mid-teens from the 1.4 million net adds in 2019. Broadband revenue increased 14% and grew 13% excluding the RSN fee adjustments in last year second quarter. These results were driven by strong growth in volume and rate. Wireless revenue grew 70% due to an increase in both customer lines and higher device sales. We added 280,000 net new lines in the quarter. The best result since launching this business in 2017, bringing us to 3.4 million total lines as of quarter end. We are encouraged by the initial results on our new unlimited plan, which is driving a notable increase in unlimited connects as well as a lift in overall volume.   Turning to Video, revenue increased 2.6% or 0.5% excluding RSN fee adjustments in last year second quarter, reflecting healthy growth in rates mostly offset by net video subscriber losses totaling 399,000. While our residential rate adjustment at the beginning of the year was the primary driver of the increase in rates, we believe it was also a contributor to the video subscriber loss in the quarter. Business Services revenue increased 10% primarily driven by higher rates due to comparison to last year when Business Services were significantly impacted by COVID-19. Over the past year, we have bounced back, rates have recovered and customer growth is strong, as we added 17,000 net new customers in the quarter and 70,000 over the past year, primarily driven by continued improvement in small business.   Last, advertising revenue increased 59%, reflecting an overall market recovery compared to last year, when we experienced reduced spending from advertisers due to COVID-19. As we move to the second half of the year, we will have difficult comparisons to last year when weve benefited from strong political advertising. Turning to expenses, Cable Communications second quarter expenses increased 8.2%, programming expenses increased 12% and were up 5%, excluding the impact of RSN adjustments last year, primarily due to the number of contract renewals that started to cycle through in 2020 combined with annual escalators in existing agreements. Looking to the third quarter, we expect programming expense growth to increase that high single digit levels due to the continued impact of contract renewals, as well as the comparison to last years third quarter, which was also favorably impacted by RSN fee adjustments.   For the full year, we continue to expect programming expense to increase at high single digit levels. Non-programming expenses increased 5.7%, or 0.5% on a per relationship basis due to higher technical and product support, and advertising, marketing and promotion spend the drive growth in our core broadband in wireless businesses. These higher expenses were partially offset by lower bad debt expense. These trends should continue in the third quarter. Cable Communications EBITDA grew nearly 15% to $7.1 billion, including a contribution of $68 million from our wireless business, the best results since launch. Cable EBITDA margins reached 44.2% reflecting 140 basis points of year-over-year improvement. While the RSN fee adjustments had no impact on EBITDA, they did impact margins last year. Moving the RSN adjustment impact margins expanded 200 basis points year-over-year. Cable capital expenditures increased 17% resulting in CapEx intensity of 10.6%, up 50 basis points compared to last year. These results were driven by an increase in scalable infrastructure as we continue to enhance the capacity of our network, as well as increases in broadband related CPE and line extensions.   As Brian mentioned, we have decided to move a bit faster to the next phase of DOCSIS using very cost effective technology, allowing us to maintain the CapEx intensity level we achieve in 2020, which was the lowest in our history, and we expect to be at this level for the next few years.   Now lets turn to slide 6 for NBCUniversal. Lets start with total NBCUniversal results. Revenue increased 39% to $8 billion, and EBITDA increased 13%, $1.6 billion. Media revenue increased 26% driven by higher advertising, distribution and other revenue. Advertising revenue increased 33% reflecting the timing of sports, and overall market recovery compared to last year, and the launch of Peacock. We had significantly more sporting events compared to last year when sports were paused, which benefited our advertising revenue. Excluding this benefit advertising grew at mid-teens levels. Distribution revenue increased 19% or high single digits excluding the RSN fee adjustments that impacted last years results. This growth reflects higher rates post the successful completion of several carriage renewals at the end of 2020, partially offset by subscriber declines, which were sequentially flat. Media EBITDA declined 16%, $1.4 billion, including Peacock, which generates revenue of $122 million and an EBITDA loss of $363 million. Excluding Peacock, Media EBITDA was essentially flat, driven by higher sports costs associated with the increase in sporting events this quarter compared to both last year and 2019.   As a reminder, our third quarter Media results will be impacted by our broadcast of the Summer Olympics. Studios revenue increased 8.4% driven by higher theatrical revenue, reflecting the success of Fast 9 in theaters. And compared to last year when theaters were mainly closed due to COVID-19 Studios EBITDA decreased to 52% to $156 million as a result of higher expenses associated with our theatrical release compared to last year when releases were paused the timing of content licensing sales and the comparison to last year, which included transactions with Peacock related to our initial launch of the service. In the second half, EBITDA comparisons to last year will remain challenging as we continue to launch new theatrical releases and ramp our TV production.   Theme Parks revenue increased by $958 million, $1.1 billion and generated EBITDA of $221 million, which included about $150 million of Universal Beijing preopening costs. This is the first profitable quarter weve had since the pandemic began in the first quarter of 2020 and was driven by strong results at our Universal Orlando Resort. Orlando has had exceptionally strong demand, with June attendance exceeding 2019 levels, as well as strong per cap growth. Despite virtually no international guests during the quarter due to COVID related travel constraints. We opened our Jurassic World themed roller coaster, VelociCoaster on June 10, to some of the highest guest satisfaction scores weve had. Hollywood has been operating without capacity restrictions since mid-June and has experienced strong demand, aided by the opening of our Secret Life of Pets attraction in April.   Were optimistic that our domestic parks are on a path to return to historic levels of profitability. But we need international visitation to resume which remains dependent on COVID related travel restrictions being lifted. At our Japan Park, results continue to be challenging after closing in late April, we reopened on June 1 with capacity restrictions that are likely to remain in place through the summer. Last, as we prepare to open our newest Park Universal Beijing, we expect overall results will be negatively impacted by up to $250 million in the third quarter.   Now lets turn to slide 7 for Sky, which Ill speak to on a constant currency basis. For the second quarter, Sky revenue increased 15% to $5.2 billion, largely reflecting strong growth in our UK business. Direct-to-consumer revenue increased 7.7%, primarily reflecting higher average revenue per customer relationship. Results in the UK drove the bulk of the growth and benefited from the comparison to last year when sports subscriptions were paused, as well as a rate increase, higher mobile device sales, improving hospitality revenue as pubs and clubs reopen. While customer relationships grew in the UK, overall customer relationships declined 248,000 primarily driven by customer losses in Italy and Germany to the end of the football season. As we have previously said, weve reset our football rights in Germany and Italy. As a result, we anticipate lower programming and production expense, along with continued customer losses in the third and fourth quarters. We believe this disciplined approach to sports related costs is the right long-term financial decision for the business.   Advertising revenue increased 79% with results in the UK driving the growth and reflecting the overall market recovery from COVID-19, as well as an increase in a number of sporting events compared to last year when sports were paused. Sky generated $560 million in EBITDA, a 32% decline compared to last year second quarter, primarily reflecting higher sports rights amortization related to more events in the current quarter. These higher expenses were partially offset by lower entertainment costs due to production delays. Ill wrap up with free cash flow and capital allocation on slide 9.   Free cash flow was $4.8 billion in the quarter, a decrease of 20% year-over-year, largely due to the timing of last years federal tax payments, which were deferred to the third quarter. While networking capital was a positive contribution to free cash flow in the quarter, we continue to expect it will be a negative drag on our full year results and higher compared to 2019 levels due to an increase in content investments and our broadcast of the Olympics. Consolidated total capital, which includes capital expenditures, as well as software and intangibles, increased 5.2% in second quarter to $2.8 billion reflecting an increase in cable, which was partially offset by the decline at NBCU.   For the full year, we now expect capital to be slightly above 2020 levels, reflecting our plan, as I previously mentioned, to accelerate enhancements to our network. In the second quarter, a return of capital to shareholders included dividend payments totaling $1.2 billion, up 9.5% year-over-year. We also resumed our share repurchase activity late in the second quarter, totaling $500 million as of June 30. As previously communicated, we intend to stay at historical buyback levels until we reach our intended target leverage levels, which we currently expect to reach sometime in 2022. With our return to share repurchase in the quarter, were happy to get back to our long standing balanced approach to capital allocation, which consists of maintaining a strong balance sheet, investing organically for profitable growth, and returning capital to shareholders.   Thanks for joining us on the call this morning. Ill turn it back to Marci, who will lead the question- and-answer portion of the call.  
Marci Ryvicker:   Thanks, Mike. Operator, lets open the call for questions.  
Operator:   Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse.  
Q - Doug Mitchelson:   Oh, thanks so much. A couple of operating questions for me this quarter. Jeff, any discussion of the shape of parks profitability going forward? Youve got Beijing shifting from pre-operating losses to opening the U.S. is more fully opening, Japan at some point will more fully opening. How do we think, I know, you gave the 3Q sort of one-time item for Beijing? As we get to 4Q, are the Beijing losses done? Is it an easy comp next year? How should we think about profitability overall?   Dave, can you unpack the margin expansion for us? In the quarter, it looks like advertising and wireless probably drove all the margin expansion. I think about the last few years, youve got a lot of margin expansion from leveraging non-programming costs. Was there just unusual year-over-year comps within the Cable business relative to 2Q of last year that expires over the next couple of quarters, and you get back to sort of normal margin expansion on non-programming line? Or is there other investments youre making that we should consider? Thanks so much.  
A - Jeff Shell:   So I take the first one. Yes. So hey, Doug, how are you? So on the parks, we are very  first of all, I would start by saying were very pleased with not just the quarter, but the trajectory of our opening. As Mike went through, Orlando is on attendance standpoint, pretty close to back where we were in 2019, even though we dont have any international visitors, and you would expect those international visitors to pick up over time in Hollywood. Weve only been open a of couple months and were already approaching our capacity and were excited about the next couple of months and Halloween Horror Nights. So the domestic parks, obviously, with COVID, you just dont know. Its  things could be lumpy, things could be non-linear. But so far, the trajectory is really good and we expect that to continue.   And I would say the thing were most pleased with is the protocols of work. And weve been able to keep people safe and keep our workers safe and keep our guests safe. And that I think is driving the confidence in coming to our parks.   Internationally, Brian actually  and I actually were in Japan. And even though that country is a little bit behind as far as COVID, weve been able to get our park back open, were open again, with some capacity constraints. We have a great attraction there that we were able to see Nintendo, which is one of our best attractions that weve ever built anywhere on the world to rivals Harry Potter. And Im very excited for that not only in Japan, but for Epic Universe down the road and our other parks eventually.   So Japan is behind, but feels like its heading in the right direction. And so thats going to be great. And then lastly, with Beijing, were ready to go in Beijing. The park is ready. Its awesome. Its our most technologically advanced park. And we expect  right now, what were doing is going through the final approvals of rides and the process you have to go through and that is somewhat indeterminate. But we expect that park to open in the next couple of months.   And when it does open, as you mentioned, those pre-operating costs go away and we start getting attendance. And so Beijing should be a good contributor to us remainder of the year when it opens and then on to next year. So overall, our parks are on a good trajectory and its hard to see what happens with COVID, but were pretty pleased. Dave?  
A - David Watson:   Yes. Hi Doug. So, quick walk through a couple of things on margin in the quarter and looking forward. Its  we feel very good about our position on the progress that we continue to make on margin improvement, real focus around the fundamentals.   And so while therell be some things within a quarter that move a little bit, if the fundamentals are the things that we stay extremely focused on. And starts with broadband, and both residential and commercial, now both are just drive higher revenue, both the margin accretive, and just help us deploy digital solutions, in particular, and residential, at a higher rate.   So those fundamentals are  continue to bring us to where were at. As we scale mobile, as you said, there are improvements there, advertising as well, with advanced advertising provides support. But its primarily the focus around connectivity and just driving more customer relationships there in that space, connected with the digital customer experience improvements, is such a win-win for the customer and for us. Just to provide perspective in the quarter, our total agent calls decreased by 10%, with total interactions lowered at 7% and we saw a 22% reduction in truck rolls. And this is despite an overall 5% increase in the customer base. So if you go back over time, this is just a continuation. Over the past five years, weve constantly made progress, taken 37% or almost 100 million calls out of the run rate and reduced truck rolls by 25%.   So, Doug, its been -- this is a real focus for us. And while I dont think well grow the second half of the year margins at the same rate that we did the first half, were in a really good place, and were doing it in a healthy and sustainable way. And so I like the roadmap that we have around digital tools and the experience, I like the run rate around connectivity. And while well invest in areas like business services, in mobile, sales and marketing, things that are just going to help us grow, were going to continue to stay extremely focused on margin.  
Q - Doug Mitchelson:   Thanks.  
A - Mike Cavanagh:   This is Mike, and Id just echo that point that in these  in this great first half margin expansion, which as Dave said, will ease a little bit in the second half of the year. Theres tremendous investment behind wireless, behind advancing growth in broadband and business services. So its really healthy margin expansion because were putting the money back into drive future growth.  
Q - Doug Mitchelson:   Thanks so much.  
A - Marci Ryvicker:   Thanks, Doug. Operator, next question, please.  
Operator:   Your next question will come from the line of Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.  
Q - Benjamin Swinburne:   Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask, actually, also about cable. And then I have a question for Brian sort of on M&A and strategic stuff. Mike and Dave, were all trying to figure out what normal looks like as we hopefully emerge from the pandemic. And, Mike, youve talked about bad debt being down and I think like it continues to be a tailwind year-on-year. Do you have a sense of what sort of normal looks like as you think about OpEx? I mean, you guys just sounded quite bullish on margins going forward. But there is some concern that as activity normalizes at some costs, come back in the business and I wonder if you could just tackle that.   And the same thing for you, Dave. I mean, churn, it sounds like it keeps coming down. Do we go back to normal churn from pre-COVID or not? I dont know if you have any sense of that when you look at different geographies and your footprint, if you can glean anything there?   And then, Brian, Im sure you know there has been lots of press articles on Comcast buying lots of different businesses. And Im wondering, now that youve laid out at least some of your Peacock international strategy, all these articles seem to assume that you dont have enough scale in NBC to achieve your strategic goals around streaming. And I know you cant talk about M&A. But I wonder if you could just talk about whether you believe NBC has what it needs to do what the company wants it to do on the streaming front, globally. Thanks, everybody.  
A - Mike Cavanagh:   So maybe Ill start Ben, and thanks for the question. Ill -- I think on non-program expenses OpEx, we still expect low single digit increases compared to 2019 for full year 21 here. So thats all the factors are embedded in there that Dave mentioned. And youre right; bad debt continues to run low. I think given a feel for what the second half looks like, is the best Ill do at this stage. I think we are continue to do all of the things in the underlying business, move the business towards more digital, sort of cleaner operations that are low cost, the move to the higher margin, products and broadband Business Services, other things Dave described, are things well work on that will benefit us regardless, I think of what the operating environment normalizes that, but I think thats the best sense for the second half of the year. And Ill let David, comment on churn, but its a little bit of the same message, which is, well see what normal looks like, but I think, investments in products, investment in network investments in Flex, wireless, you name it, all the things are were doing, I think our -- there is at least some element of sustained benefits to churn versus historical levels, at least in my mind. But well see, Dave, over to you.  
A - David Watson:   Thanks Mike. Hello, Ben. Yes, we expect over time to have a little bit more normalization, as you go into quarters, like Q2 like Q3, with student activity, move activity, seasonality, that could impact the churn, but were reaching a level that we expected in terms of overall broadband churn performance. And this is -- its the redefinition of great broadband, I think thats helping deliver this, some of this churn improvement, we have a fantastic network. Yes, weve talked about it, Brian might mention it, continuing to invest them in the network, were going to stay ahead of the curve in terms of capacity, and usage.   So a lot of focus around the network. And then to compliment, not just speed, but our devices of the pods, the ability of varied great Wi Fi coverage inside the home is just so critical. And staying ahead of that curve is key and adding value extensions to broadband, like mobile, like Flex, that impact churn. And so these are early days, for us in terms of as we, both of those categories are exciting for us. But theyre impacting broadband in a positive way. So cant give specific guidance in terms of where churn would go, but the fundamentals of and the focus around attracting healthy and keeping healthy customer relationships and connectivity is a key. So very excited about the prospects of mobile and Flex impacting that over time.  
A - Brian Roberts:
 : And Ben, this is Brian, let me start by saying, I really love the company weve got, I cant imagine really a better quarter, its an exceptional quarter. And I believe we have lots of more, lots more organic growth ahead. And we have a very special unique company across distribution and content working so well together. And you start with the Peacock and Sky, and Peacock, and Xfinity and even in our Olympics advertising, wed like and we are investing behind the businesses. So I dont think, and I think Mike Cavanagh has been very blunt that we dont need M&A. We have a majority broadband centric company. And we like to mix. So what might that drive us to consider at least which any kind of partnership is where we have unique special capabilities that could lead in globally or internationally to enhancing our streaming position.   Thats something you might talk to others and consider but as to your scale question. I really think it would -- we have all the parts. And Jeff, why dont you comment on that in just a second and maybe with some more specifics, but if you looks at the results of Peacock this quarter. Again, we probably were the fastest growing streaming service 50% in 90 days. We have a brand its only a year old and its either number one or number two new brands in America. Its been created. So I really think our corporate focus is as weve said many times was to get back in balance on capital returns. And probably most pleased this quarter that we were able to get to that place. Buyback stock as Mike just talked about. So I do think we have the scale. I think we have an amazing company. And I feel fortunate with our position, Jeff, why dont you talk a little more about the scale?  
A - Jeff Shell:   Yes. Thanks, Brian. Hi, Ben, when you talk about scale, with respect to streaming, and Peacock just to get more granular for a second, there really are, no, there really are three elements of the scale. One is the scale of the platform technologically. And as Brian just mentioned, we launched on the back of the Sky platform, and weve leveraged our Xfinity and Daves team significantly. So I think we have proved that we would have never launched the success technologically with a platform that looks great and works without the scale that we have already at the company. Theres scale with respect to the brand. And thats why Im thrilled with todays announcement that Peacock is going to be in 20 million Sky homes, and eventually well roll it out across the globe.   And then the most important by far element of scales for streaming is content. And we are really at the beginning of our content rollout on Peacock thats why this quarters growth is really extraordinary. Because this quarter as Brian went through we had a pretty good movie with Boss Baby 2, we had our first real good drama with Doctor Death. And we had and we have obviously rolled into the Olympics here. Were halfway through the first week of the Olympics. Looking forward, we as part of our plan, we have another Olympics, we have lots of original programming, which Mike mentioned, were ramping up production right now on and well be rolling out over the next year, Brian mentioned our movies, we have the -- what I think is one of the top studios in Hollywood, and we have lots of movies coming directly to Peacock and eventually were going to have, the Hulu content coming back.   So we have plenty of content coming in this quarter showed that when you put that content on a service, thats good, you can actually get pretty good growth in the streaming world. And so personally, I dont think weve ever lacked for the capital to do what we need to do to and grow our business. And what Ill end with is the perfect example that happened in last week, was we at Universal acquired the rights to the next three Exorcist movies. In a pretty unique deal that was done in tandem with Peacock, we wouldnt have been able to do it if we didnt have a streaming service thats where we basically got the rights on the backs of the strength of our studio, where we have Jason Blum and pedigree thats unmatched and Donna Langley and her teams ability to market movies. But because we did it with Peacock, we have full optionality going forward, we put the second and third movies direct on Peacock, do we do something hybrid, we can really kind of adapt and be flexible based on how the market works. So we have this scale across our company to do things like that. And I dont think were lacking for scale. Personally, I think we can achieve our success in Peacock, without anything additional. And I think this quarter approved it.  
Operator:   Your next question will come from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America.  
Q - Jessica Ehrlich:   Thanks. I have two questions are directed to two people. Brian, first. And this is such a different color than a year ago, youve come out of the pandemic in a stronger position than you were even going in at really all of the businesses Cable, NBCU and Sky in every aspect, whether its share gains, margin growth and developing businesses, et cetera. So, sitting here today, what do you think the biggest ongoing benefits will be from all the changes that have been implemented? And then what are your key longer term goals from here? Youve talked about the near term goals.   And then Jeff, I dont even know where to start, because theres so much going on at NBCU. But can you give us a little more color on the upfront and the cross platform benefits? And maybe to drill down a little bit into Peacock, what should we be expecting the next year or so in terms of incremental costs for the international rollout as well as increased content? And then finally, you said in the past that you expect this Olympics to be the most profitable, but youve been hit with a little bit of deadlock? I mean, in terms of COVID getting a little bit worse and stuff going on with the athletes. Do you still have that view? Like how do you think about this Olympics and the next one in terms of profitability?  
A - Brian Roberts:   For the observations because I would -- I share your view. Its been an extraordinary year. Im really proud of the company. First of all, on some of our initiatives, our commitment, a $1 billion over 10 years to close the digital divide and have broadband, the accessible and affordable for many more people. And so I guess Id start by saying the momentum. Its on us to keep this fabulous execution. Dave talked a lot about that focus. I think what kind of gets lost perhaps a little bit in broadband is not just the consumer broadband, which literally record second quarter. Now saying again, that this year, we expect mid-teens growth from 2019. I did not expect that six months ago. So how do we keep that momentum and build on it that comes down to great products and the network. And a team and a management team, weve made a lot of changes. Weve had some retirements and other things, and the backfilling and moving executive promoting executives, all of that has put our team in an excellent place; weve learned how to work in a hybrid manner.   And whatever comes next, I dont think this team will miss a beat. And so I thank them for their focus. But as I think about broadband, we really dont talk about business services enough to have a $9 billion business from zero built, literally, with zero market shares and growing only one direction. And keep expanding the definition of that market from small to medium to now really enterprise, every couple of weeks, I get an email that talks about some major accounts that weve just won for the first time, and it could lead to way more volume over time. So a Bill Stamper who runs -- has run that business really since inception, and he has done an exceptional job. And were trying to do that now at Sky and expand that market. And then weve talked a little bit about wireless and mobile. And weve really pivoted to being a strategic opportunity with fantastic customer satisfaction ratings a great relationship with Verizon that enables us now to compete and compete well, and to innovate, and so on and on. I think keeping our focus there.   So in the longer term, I think we have an opportunity, see the vital trend of direct-to-consumer, digitization, computing power, evolving our -- the way we live, how relevant will our company remain and be and help lead that change. And I look at the tech company results. And you just see this trend accelerating. So what are some of the takeaways? Well, first of all, being an enabler, a critical opportunity to innovate our network, to help be as relevant in the future as we are today is stop one, I think digital advertising, we saw some of the results from the tech companies, we look at our own, creating more inventory. So the strategy for Peacock, for me feels really smart, were creating more digital inventory. Thats the holy grail of ads. Thats why were able to get a premium. And, Jeff can talk about Olympics a bit. But in the big picture, were in it, were reimagining how people consume, and that consumption is enabled by broadband, and now enabled by Peacock and hope to do that in a more significant way. And then retaining talent, and being a company where people want to work at all levels of the company, and thats being re reimagined in our society. And we read about it every day, how people have more choices and want more balance in their life. figuring that out, we have a talented team that is leading us and that Im really want to thank here and at this quarter, and this first half of the year and coming through the pandemic it feels, like, hopefully, theres an opportunity to be a real light even if we have a few more moments. This company is well positioned. And I just really feel that way. So thanks for giving us a chance to ask that question. Over to you Jeff.  
A - Jeff Shell:   Hey, Jessica. Thanks Brian. So on the upfront, let me take kind of in order, Jessica, how you ask the question. So on the upfront; I think weve been I think weve talked about that in the past. Its -- as Brian just mentioned, the strength of our platform, combined with Lindas, and Linda Yaccarino and her teams approach. One platform approach was the perfect way to approach this red hot upfront and as Brian said, and Mike said double digit increases in both volume and pricing. And well see those results in the years ahead and particularly happy with both the volume on Peacock and the CPM on Peacock. So that could not have been more pleased with how we did the upfront.   As far as peacock, I should mention that one of the things I didnt talk about is we concluded our Amazon and Samsung deals this quarter too, there is a lot going on at NBC, were now fully distributed, for Peacock. And thats going to have benefits as we roll out our additional content. I would say that we look at where we are today and being much further ahead than we expected to be at this point, well probably ramp up our investment modestly over what weve done in the past. But as I mentioned, we have so much content coming to Peacock that it doesnt have to be significant. I will stay with Peacock and say little bit about Olympics, we were learning a lot as consumption happens on the Olympics here at day six, and not to ruin everybody tuning in, but we have big upset that just happened in the last hour. And should watch tonight on NBC to see that but exciting US team.   And were not -- weve had some bad luck. But if you look at the product, its fantastic. And it really is impossible. And so what I would say is on Peacock, what we will learn in this Olympics we will take to Beijing and change the product change the offering and each Olympics on our board. And were really excited about that. Its impossible to understate the importance of the Olympics to NBCUniversal, its not really financially its more operationally across the company; we have 4,000 people literally working on it. Brian and I were in Tokyo, I came back and saw our team in Connecticut, people this is their life work, you go from room to room, and you have experts on surfing and volleyball and gymnastics. And it is an operation that would be very difficult to replicate the talent and the experience that our team brings to it. And they show it every night at NBC. And then of course, the Olympics are the perfect property to show the strength of our platform across not only NBCUniversal but Comcast and Xfinity and Sky. So the Olympics obviously, as you said, Jessica, we had a little bit of bad luck, there was a drumbeat of negativity, we got moved a year and those spectators. And that has resulted a little bit in linear ratings being probably less than we expected. But the flip side of that is the digital strength is kind of offset that. So we look at whats happening with Peacock thats directly related to the Olympics. So net-net, with all this bad luck, were going to be profitable on the Olympics, which were very happy with. And were very happy with the product. And then if you watch every night, youll see we use this as a fire hose to promote everything else were doing at the company, not just across NBCUniversal, but also Comcast. So the Olympics, I think were very pleased with the Olympics and very proud of our team and got a ways to go here.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of Peter Supino with Bernstein.  
Q - Peter Supino:   Hi, thanks. I have a question about your aggregation business. With Flex is expanding app portfolio. I wonder how you could increase your momentum and aggregation in general. And whether it would make sense to send Flex boxes to all of your internet only subs and maybe even video subs that only have one video box at home, again, in order to drastically increase your scale with a good product.  
A - David Watson:   Well, Ill jump in on now. And this is Dave. So we are very excited about Flex. Youre early -- still early days, but now we have over 3.8 million Flex boxes deployed and about half of those are being actively used and engaged so and the reasons why that were -- we continue to be excited. It is a terrific long-term platform but it is helping broadband as I mentioned earlier. So there were generating about $2 of incremental revenue just on the pay per view, the rev share side of things and advertising opportunities will be above that. So today in terms of what were doing within footprint, there are parts of what you mentioned, we absolutely included as part of the broadband subscription. Its a key part of now that with broadband, you get this great streaming platform. So were doing that. We have -- if youre traditional video customer, we have devices that enable full home the X1 experience throughout so we have that but we are not bashful about letting our customers, broadband customers in particular that really important streaming segment know if this is included. Outside of footprint, we are -- we have syndication partners that were working with Cox, the Canadian company. And we continue to explore ways of doing that. And we think that its a terrific long-term platform to tie together uniquely, the way that we do with the voice remote thinking the full capability, weve been investing in X1, and we can leverage that platform. So we do qualify, we ask the customer if they want it, and then we but we stay right on it, and deliver the great service and the feedback that were getting in engagement is very strong. So its a really important part of broadband growth today. And well explore outside of footprint opportunities, ways of doing even more over time.  
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of Philip Cusick with J.P. Morgan.  
Q - Philip Cusick:   Hi, guys, thanks, couple of wireless. First, youre building momentum and growth in this business. Should we think of it as this is sort of a level based on essentially all stores and distribution channels open? Or are there more things you planned to do to push this harder? And then second, did you register for the next wireless option? Thanks.  
A - David Watson:   Hey there, Phil. This is Dave. So go on sales momentum side of mobile. One of the things thats happened is we got through the first pandemic phase that we did shut down last year, retail blow things down. And what we saw the back half of last year just continued through this year as every single sales channel now we focused on. Retail is back and but in addition to that, extremely focused on our call centers, digital tools that are optimized by flows for mobile, and how we go-to-market, that has been a huge chance, just the fact that we lead with mobile is so key, and mobile and broadband being a package. So those fundamentals have emerged and really an important part of our go-to-market strategy.   Weve invested in tools not only for the customer, but for our agents, and how they sell mobile, this improving the experience for customers really key. So a lot of marketing investment around the mobile message, if you live in our footprint, and youre watching this great Olympics coverage, the Jeff and team are doing, you cant miss the fact that we are really, really focused around the mobile business. So but I think that natural combination of broadband plus mobile will continue. So the other big addition recently is clearly the unlimited packages that weve rolled out. And that is adding to it. Weve seen a nice shift and mix that we continue to have by the gig. But adding on unlimited really closed and fills the gap that we had in our competitive portfolio, so now with great unlimited of pricing for multi line families. And you can mix and match still between buy the gig and unlimited, were in a unique position in our footprint. So like our momentum, the 280,000 lines were just terrific. And set a record for us but were continuing to stay focused and we see that this is a real opportunity for us going forward. So on the auction side, I think the last part --  
A - Brian Roberts:   Mike, why dont you answer that?  
A - Mike Cavanagh:   No comment on status for next auction. We take a look on occasion we like our spectrum portfolio, it gives us optionality for offload. So well -- we often take a look if the price is right, but no comment yet on where we stand with the next talk.  
Operator:   Your final question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.  
Q - Craig Moffett:   Yes. Hi. And question for Brian and Mike if I could, the free cash flow profile that you guys have over the next few years that youre -- just given the EBITDA today youre already running ahead of, would suggest that if you keep your leverage target at something like 2.5x like youve talked about, you can be buying back $20 billion a year of stock just to keep your leverage constant. Can you just talk about sort of how high youre willing to go in terms of share repurchases, and I know you youve always talked about keeping your powder dry for optionality. But it would seem like theres a lot of optionality there. And room for a pretty significant increase in cash returns to shareholders.  
A - Mike Cavanagh:   Hey, Craig, its Mike, I just say First things first, were happy with the first half of the year, were happy that were back in balance starting to get the buyback going again. I think the way well look at it over time is not in terms of is there dollar number; were going to think about it in terms of want to keep a strong balance sheet. So I think of us as wanting to be comfortably in the range of ratios, that would support the single A rating, we want to make sure were investing behind our businesses, primarily organically, but occasionally tuck-in acquisitions, all that you see that in the normal course, all the time in our business.   And then capital return is the other leg of the stool. Weve been, this companys historically been very strong and important part of the priorities to return capital, weve increased the dividend for 13 plus years running and one of few companies that have had a strong level of consistent dividend increase. And you look back between the time of the NBC deal and the Sky deal, the level of free cash flow that was returned to shareholders through buybacks and dividends combined was incredibly strong. So I think we would continue to execute against that, the first half of the year, I guess the remainder of this year, think of us is continuing to be at the historical levels for now. Weve got a level of working capital this year that continues -- we continue to expect to be higher than it was in 2019. Thats mostly going to be hitting us in the second half of this year with the Olympics and the ramping of content spend.   But the dynamics of EBITDA, growth and future prospects is as you describe, so well take it quarter at a time and well talk more probably at the end of the year.  
End of Q&A:  
Marci Ryvicker:   Thanks, Craig, and thank you all for joining us this morning. We hope you have a great rest of the summer and stay safe.  
Operator:   There will be a replay available of todays call starting at 12 oclock PM Eastern Time. It will run through Thursday, August 5 at midnight Eastern Time. The dial in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 2883365. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the companys website beginning at 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Miss Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this mornings call, are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Dave Watson, Jeff Shell, and Dana Strong. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks, while Dave, Jeff and Dana will also be available for Q&A. Let me now refer you to slide 2, which contains our safe harbor disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements, subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marci, and good morning, everyone. We certainly got off to a great start this year. Our entire Company performed well, and we once again had particularly strong results at Cable, which posted its third consecutive quarter of double-digit EBITDA growth, ninth consecutive quarter of double-digit net cash flow growth. We added 461, 000 broadband customers, which drove 380,000 customer relationship additions. This is the best first quarter on record. Our connect activity was healthy and broadband churn improved for the 13th quarter in a row, hitting our lowest churn rate in our Companys history. Im very proud of this quarters results and our long record of growth, which I believe is a direct result of disciplined investment, fantastic innovation and consistent execution in a highly competitive market. This morning, Id like to go a bit deeper in two areas, the robustness of our network in the U.S. and more broadly how we positioned ourselves to successfully compete against alternative providers and technologies. Weve spent nearly $30 billion in the last decade, building an expansive fiber dense network comprised of 191, 000 route miles that carries an immense amount of traffic has demonstrated extraordinary performance throughout the pandemic. Under Tony Werner, our retiring Chief Technology Officer, we have consistently engineered our network to anticipate change. And during his 15-plus years at Comcast, he has helped transform us into a product and technology innovator and leader. Tony, we thank you. Hes being succeeded by Charlie Herrin. Many of you on this call are familiar with Charlie. He helped develop game-changing products, including scaling X1 and most recently led a successful effort to redefine how we interact with customers, which has resulted in significantly higher NPS scores and lower operating costs. Charlie, Dave and I have been fortunate to work together for 20 years. Under Dave and Tony, weve recruited the best engineering talent around the world and now are working as one global tech team to create platforms, apps and experiences that evolve the way people connect and consume entertainment. Weve done all this while keeping the network our number one priority. Weve introduced the xFi Advanced Gateway, the most powerful of its kind. Our highest users are connecting a wide variety of devices in the home and streaming multiple services simultaneously over WiFi. Our xFi pods integrate with Xfinity Gateways to form a mesh network that maximizes WiFi coverage. All you do is plug one of these pods into an outlet to get great coverage in every room. We provide our customers with what they need, which goes well beyond extraordinary connectivity and speed. Xfinity is the only broadband provider to offer advanced security for monitoring devices inside and soon outside of the home. We also uniquely provide our customers with a whole home speed test and enable parents to manage internet time spent by streaming application. This is all backed by a network that is built to consistently deliver the fastest speeds and outperform well into the future with two major initiatives underway. The first is virtualizing our network by leveraging artificial intelligence and machine learning. Were taking functions that were once performed by thousands of large and expensive pieces of hardware and moving them into the cloud, which alone has reduced innovation cycles from years down to just months. Were also automating many of our core network functions so that we can deliver instant capacity as well as identify and fix network issues before they ever affect a customer. Our second priority is further enhancing how we deliver our broadband product over our network. We currently offer downstream speeds of 1. 2 gigs across our entire footprint using our DOCSIS 3.1 architecture, and can increase upstream in a capital-efficient way. Were making great progress to deliver multi-gig symmetrical speeds. And in the last six months, we completed two important milestones on our roadmap. In October, we conducted a successful live test of 1. 25 gig symmetrical speeds. And earlier this month, our engineers completed the first ever live lab test of DOCSIS 4.0, which establishes a foundation for us to deliver multi-gigabit speeds over our existing network without the need for massive digging and construction projects. Let me next talk about Xfinity Mobile, where were having great success. This past quarter, we reached breakeven on a standalone basis for the first time and added 278,000 mobile lines, the highest quarterly addition since launch. We just announced a new unlimited family plan, which can provide $600 in annual savings relative to other competitor family plans. Now, lets turn to Sky, which despite renewed lockdowns in Europe, generated revenue growth and delivered the best first quarter customer relationships net addition in six years. I am particularly encouraged by our strong performance in the UK. Excluding pubs and clubs, which remain closed, UK direct-to-consumer revenue grew 8% over the first quarter 2020, and 11% relative to 2019. Churn continued to trend down. Two-thirds of our customer base in the UK now have Sky Q, were seeing great acceleration in mobile, and we just launched Sky Connect, our B2B broadband service that leverages the expertise of Comcast Cable. Dana Strong is off to a great start and is syncing up more than ever with Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal, so that together, were all innovating more quickly, better serving our customers and viewers and increasing operating efficiencies. Were also encouraged by the trends were seeing across NBCU. Our Parks segment broke even, excluding Beijing, for the second consecutive quarter driven by remarkable attendance at Universal Orlando. We can see firsthand pent-up demand for high-quality entertainment and family fun outside of the home, and we remain incredibly bullish on the Parks business. While Osaka recently had to close temporarily, Universal Studios Hollywood reopened on April 16th, the first time since the pandemic started. Our long-term excitement stems from the fact that we have a fabulous roadmap of new attractions and experiences awaiting guests as they safely return to our current parks. In NBCUniversals Media segment under Jeff Shell and Mark Lazarus, were starting to see the benefits of our new operating structure. Excluding Peacock, adjusted EBITDA increased 10% year-over-year. Our news content continues to experience tremendous momentum and distribution revenue is trending above expectations, a testament to the strength of our linear brands. Were back in business on the studio side with more than 30 television series currently in production and were excited for our first big theatrical debut with Fast 9, launching in both the U.S. and China later in the second quarter. Were also making great progress with Peacock, our premium ad-supported streaming service. Just one year post launch, we have 42 million sign-ups. Monthly users of the service are consuming nearly 20% more programming hours each month than our traditional audience on NBC. And we just crossed 1 billion total hours watched, nearly double our plan when we launched. This strength in users and engagement has enabled us to create additional advertising inventory outside of our initial partnership, with CPMs at a material premium to linear prime time. Key to Peacocks domestic success has been Xfinity with X1 and Flex driving subscriber acquisitions and healthy engagement. With Peacock, weve created great options for ourselves with several opportunities on the horizon. Weve recently secured more original programming with creative partners like WWE and the NFL, providing a strong path to upsell into Peacock premium. And as Peacock gained scale in the U.S., we see compelling ways we can expand internationally. Were looking to take advantage of the brand and scales of Sky across our European markets and potentially strike partnerships with local programmers and distributors in geographies where it makes sense. We plan to share more information on Peacock throughout this year. So, in summary, were all very proud and encouraged by our first quarter results. This performance is a testament to the resilience and evolution of our Company. Excellent execution of our growth initiatives combined with tight cost control brings us one step closer to our balance sheet goals, and I am eager to see us return to our historical practice of repurchasing shares starting in the second half of this year. Lastly, I want to thank our team. Everyone across the Company has continued to show up and innovate for our customers, audience, guests and each other. We were recently named as one of the top 5 big companies to work for in the U.S. and one of the top 10 inclusive companies in the UK, a testament to the work and passion of our wonderful employees. Mike, over to you.
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Ill begin on slide 4 with our first quarter consolidated 2021 results. Revenue increased 2.2% to $27.2 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased 3.5% to $8.4 billion. Adjusted EPS increased 7% to $0.76 per share. And finally, we generated $5.3 billion of free cash flow. Now, lets turn to our business segment results starting with Cable Communications on slide 5. Cable revenue increased 5.9% to $15.8 billion. EBITDA increased 12% to $6.8 billion and EBITDA less capital grew 16% to $5.1 billion. We added 380,000 net new customer relationships, up 2.4% over last years first quarter and up 27% over the first quarter of 2019. This was the best first quarter on record and was driven by broadband, where we added 461,000 net new residential and business customers, only slightly below last years first quarter and 23% above the first quarter of 2019. We saw healthy connect activity, and this quarter marked the lowest broadband churn in our history. This positive momentum has continued into the second quarter. And from what we see today, we anticipate total broadband additions for the year to grow by mid-single-digit levels compared to 2019, which, aside from the extraordinary growth we had in an unusual 2020 was the best year in more than a decade. The strong customer additions, coupled with ARPU growth of 4.4%, drove a 12% increase in broadband revenue for the first quarter, the largest driver of overall cable revenue, and we expect this trend will continue. We also saw an acceleration in both, business and wireless. Business services revenue increased 6.1% and delivered 11,000 net new customer additions, primarily driven by continued improvement in small business. Wireless revenue grew 50% and due to an increase in both customer lines and higher device sales. We added 278,000 net new lines in the quarter, the best results since launching this business in 2017, bringing us to 3.1 million total lines as of quarter end. Turning to video. Revenue was consistent with the prior year, reflecting very healthy ARPU growth of 6.8% offset by net video subscriber losses totaling 491,000, which we felt mostly on the connect side as residential churn improved year-over-year. We believe our residential rate adjustment at the beginning of the year was a significant contributor to both the ARPU increase and the video subscriber loss in the quarter, and we expect video losses in the second quarter will remain elevated. We currently anticipate Cable Communications revenue growth in the second quarter to accelerate by a few hundred basis points from the 5.9% we just reported, partly due to the comparison to last years second quarter, which was most significantly impacted by COVID-19, as well as our focus on driving growth in our connectivity businesses. Turning to expenses. Cable Communications first quarter expenses increased 1.5%. Programming expenses were up 5.5%, primarily due to the number of contract renewals that started to cycle through in 2020, combined with annual escalators in existing agreements. Looking to the second quarter, we expect programming expense growth to increase at low double-digit levels due to the continued impact of contract renewals as well as the comparison to last years second quarter, which was favorably impacted by adjustments accrued for customer RSN fees. For the full year, we continue to expect programming expense to increase at high single-digit levels. Non-programming expenses declined 1.1% on an absolute basis, and 5.9% on a per relationship basis, while our customer relationships grew 5% year-over-year. Non-programming expenses should increase at high single-digit rate in the second quarter due in part to the comparison to last year, which reflected the slowdown in business activity due to COVID-19, as well as our continued focus on driving growth in our core broadband and wireless businesses. Cable Communications EBITDA grew by 12%, with margins reaching 43.2%, reflecting 250 basis points of year-over-year improvement. These results include the important milestone of our wireless business reaching breakeven for the first time since launch. Cable capital expenditures increased 8%, resulting in CapEx intensity of 8.7%, up slightly compared to last year and driven by a 23% increase in scalable infrastructure as we continue to invest to enhance the capacity of our network. This spending was partially offset by lower customer premise equipment and support. Now, lets turn to slide 6 for NBCUniversal. As you know, we recently issued an 8-K with updated trending schedules and a new reporting format that reflects the way the business is now managed. We moved Peacock, which was previously reported in our corporate results to NBCUniversal. And now we present NBCU in three business segments: Media, which combines our TV businesses and Peacock; Studios, which combines our film and television studio businesses; and Theme Parks. I will discuss todays results in this new format. Lets start with total NBCUniversal results. Revenue decreased 9.1% to $7 billion and EBITDA was down 12% to $1.5 billion. Media revenue increased 3.2%, driven by 9.1% growth in distribution revenue, which reflected higher rates post the successful completion of several carriage renewals at the end of 2020, partially offset by subscriber declines, which showed sequential improvement. Advertising revenue declined 3.4% as lower entertainment ratings and tough political comps were partially offset by more sports in the quarter, strength in news and the launch of Peacock. Media EBITDA declined 3.7% when including Peacock, which generated revenue of $91 million and an EBITDA loss of $277 million. Excluding Peacock, media EBITDA increased 10%, primarily driven by lower expenses, which was partly due to lower entertainment costs associated with fewer original hours aired and partly due to our new operating model. This year-over-year reduction more than offset higher sports cost, resulting from additional events. Looking to the second quarter, we expect healthy growth in distribution revenue to continue. We will have significantly more sporting events compared to last year, which should result in higher advertising revenue, but also a significant increase in sports-related programming and production costs. Studio revenue was flat compared to last year, primarily reflecting higher content licensing revenue, offset by lower theatrical revenue. Content licensing revenue increased 14%, primarily due to licensing deals, including the office, which became exclusively available for streaming on Peacock this past January. Theatrical revenue decreased 88%, reflecting the deferral of theatrical releases due to COVID-19. Significantly fewer releases in the first quarter resulted in lower expenses, driving EBITDA growth of 66%. Were excited to be releasing Fast 9 in theaters later in the second quarter, but we delayed the release of Minions 2 from July of this year to July of 2022, which will shift the profits from 2021 to 2022 as well as we continue to manage our film fleet to maximize value. Theme Parks revenue decreased 33.1% in the quarter and generated an EBITDA loss of $61 million, which included $100 million of Universal Beijing preopening costs. These results reflect Universal Orlando Resort operating at limited capacity, but trends remain encouraging as attendance continues to rebound, and weve been at or near capacity limits through spring break. Hollywood remained closed during the quarter, but we recently opened at a 25% capacity limit and expect this to move higher by June 15th. In Japan, we recently had to close our park temporarily due to rising COVID cases, but prior to this, we had seen strong demand. Looking ahead, we expect our EBITDA results to improve in the back half of the year as domestic attendance trends improve, and we remain on track to open our new park, Universal Beijing this summer. Now, lets turn to slide 7 for Sky, which I will speak to on a constant currency basis. For the first quarter, Sky revenue increased 2% to $5 billion, largely reflecting healthy growth in our UK business. Direct-to-consumer revenue increased 1.8% with growth in the UK even stronger. This result was driven by higher average rates per customer and strong customer growth across all markets. We generated 221,000 net customer additions the best first quarter in six years, driven by streaming across our markets as well as steady momentum in mobile and broadband within the UK. Advertising revenue increased 3.4% as we continue to outperform the market, particularly in the UK, where the ad market is rebounding more quickly than we expected, and we are driving growth through advanced advertising. Sky generated $364 million in EBITDA in the first quarter. As expected, this reflects elevated expenses, including higher sports rights amortization, resulting from more events in the current quarter as well as higher expenses associated with successfully growing our mobile and broadband businesses and investment in key growth initiatives, which now include Sky Connect, our recently launched commercial broadband business in the UK. For the second quarter, we expect revenue growth to accelerate to low double-digit levels on a constant currency basis due to the comparison to last years second quarter, which was the most impacted by COVID-19 as well as continued strength in our UK business. We also anticipate significantly higher Sports rights amortization compared to last year when events were paused. As a result, we expect to generate a similar level of EBITDA in the second quarter as we did in the first quarter. We were recently outbid for some of the broadcast rights for Serie A in Italy as we stood firm and our disciplined approach to sports-related costs. We believe this was the right long-term financial decision, but we expect a reduction in programming and production expenses and a potential decline in customer relationships in Italy as a result. We continue to expect Sky EBITDA in the second half of this year to accelerate from first half levels, reflecting the benefits of a reset to major sports rights as well as a more efficient operating structure. Ill wrap up with free cash flow and capital allocation on slide 8. Free cash flow was $5.3 billion in the quarter, an increase of roughly 60% year-over-year, primarily due to an improvement in net working capital and higher EBITDA. Net working capital will continue to fluctuate on a quarterly basis, and we still expect the full year drag increase relative to 2019 due to an increase in content investments, our broadcast of the Olympics and the reversal of COVID-related onetime tax deferrals. Consolidated total capital, which includes capital expenditures as well as software and intangibles, decreased 1.1% in the first quarter to $2.5 billion, reflecting a decline at NBCU, which was partially offset by increases at Sky and Cable. We ended the first quarter with $104 billion of debt with a weighted average cost of 3.6% and a weighted average life of 14. 5 years and net debt of $86 billion for a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.7 times. Throughout the pandemic, we have maintained an elevated cash balance to fortify our liquidity position, and we ended the first quarter with $15 billion of cash and cash equivalents. We expect to gradually reduce our cash position by deploying excess cash towards debt reduction throughout the remainder of the year as our business operations continue to recover. Finally, we remain committed to our longstanding balanced approach to capital allocation, which consists of maintaining a strong balance sheet, investing organically for profitable growth and returning capital to shareholders for a strong commitment to our recurring dividends and our expected return to share repurchases in the second half of this year. Thanks for joining us on the call this morning. Ill turn it back to Marci, who will lead the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Mike. Regina, lets open the call for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. Good morning. The Company clearly is on an upswing as we come out of COVID and the leverage in the business is really apparent in the first quarter numbers. So, I have a broad-based question that covers basically all the divisions. In Cable, it feels like theyre beginning for advanced advertising. Were seeing strength still in broadband, the price decrease in mobile should drive market share. In NBCU, which seems like the division with the most upside coming out of COVID, Im just -- I dont know if this is the year of peak losses for Peacock, but Theme Parks seem like theyre on a 5-year growth trend, advertise -- production is coming back, et cetera. Sky, you can see the leverage. So, my question finally is, where do you see the most leverage overall in each of the businesses? And can margins and free cash flow continue to improve?
Brian Roberts: Well, thank you, Jessica, for those comments. Why dont we just go around the horn and why dont we just go from Dave to Dana to Jeff, and everybody give a crack at their view of the business and a chance for them to introduce themselves on the call here.
Dave Watson: Thank you, Jessica. This is Dave. Start with -- our focus continues to be maintaining momentum around the connectivity side of the business. So, broadband, residential, commercial is enormously important and a great growth engine for us. So, were going to continue to enhance broadband, keep adding to it, speed, control coverage and now streaming, and as you mentioned, mobile. So, were going to focus on accelerating mobile and just surrounding broadband with these products. So, thats going to be -- thats our strategy, nothing will shake that. And in terms of EBITDA that we are -- we like our -- the recurring revenue aspect of the connectivity business. We like the margins that, that contributes towards. Were very focused on taking out the transactions that cause customer noise. And so, focusing on digital, focusing on things like self-install kits, those -- all the things that weve been talking about will continue. So, I feel very good about our position in the marketplace. So, theres a lot of upside still in broadband, feel good about mobile and business services.
Dana Strong: Thanks, Jessica. This is Dana, following up from Daves side. From the Sky angle, were really, really happy with the fundamentals of the business. I think Q1 -- our Q1 results demonstrate the position that were in, subscriber numbers up, thats in fact, quarter one in about six years, churn is down, revenue is up. All of the fundamental factors of the business position us well to exit COVID. To be more specific on your question in regards to where do we see the most leverage, if I had to boil it down, I would say, the UK, the UK is an extraordinary position for growth. We got a very diverse revenue base with DTH having its best performance in Q1 in six years, streaming is going well, mobile is going very well, broadband is growing well with a lot of innovation potential. And so, I think what we see in the UK is a lot of growth left in that business and a really solid business to build upon in the rest of the portfolio.
Jeff Shell: Hi, Jessica, this is Jeff. And everybody. So, theres a lot of different places I could pick and choose from NBCUniversal, but let me just talk about two points of leverage that Im excited about. I think, first of all, as weve talked about in previous calls, we really adjusted our cost base across the entire Company during the pandemic. We didnt do this just to cut cost. We obviously looked at where the business was going and changed our organization, particularly on the TV side, but Im excited about the business being kind of adjusting the new cost base and as we grow revenue side, thats going to help. And then, the obvious other one that really was affected and has been affected during the pandemic is our Parks business, which normally is a really, really great business. But obviously, during a pandemic when you close, its not a good business. Its going to be choppy, getting open again as things surge and come back and so forth, but its hard not to get excited about our Parks business. So, the demand is there. Were seeing it in Orlando. We have no international travel yet, which is a significant part of the business, and we still are hitting capacity, the capacity weve set for ourselves based on safety protocols every day. Just reopened Hollywood and were seeing the same thing in Hollywood. Japan is obviously going back and forth, but were excited long-term about that park and then Beijing coming. And the other thing thats happened during the pandemic is weve continued to build attraction. So, we are hitting the front of the market with some pretty exciting attractions in each of our parks. We have Nintendo, which we think is one of the great attractions that weve ever built in Japan and come in Beijing as well. We have out in Los Angeles, our new pets attraction, were getting stellar reviews and people love it. And then, most excitingly to me, we have a new roller coaster in Orlando called the VelociCoaster and Jurassic roller coaster, which I rode a couple of weeks ago. It is both, spectacular and petrifying. And I think when we open that to the public in June, going to be another driver for our business. So, Im very excited about the Parks business. And its the one business thats going to come back really strongly from the depth of pandemic.
Mike Cavanagh: And maybe -- its Mike. Ill just jump in after the -- and put it all together because I think the ultimate question was what happens with free cash flow over time, whats our confidence. And I think, as weve been saying, pre-COVID for a couple of years, in my tenure, weve been investing in -- we love our businesses. Weve been investing so they stay relevant and strong years into the future. And while free cash flow is always lumpy, as youre in different periods of time, weve been confident that we are going to grow free cash flow in the years ahead on a multiyear basis. COVID got in the way, obviously, of that story, but thats, as you recall, what we felt pre-COVID, and I continue to feel that way as we sit here now. And as everybody just chimed in, I think we see the light at the end of the tunnel of COVID. And all of the earnings power of our businesses that we felt were there before, COVID, I think these results say that theyre still there and perhaps then some.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson: I guess, maybe there are two quick ones. But Dave, on your side, the new wireless pricing, does that suggest another investment round in wireless, or would you just look at that as consistent with the focus on trying to drive share there? Ultimately, whats the wireless strategy? And what are you hoping the new pricing levels to accomplish? And Jeff, just path for Peacock monetization with engagement coming in double expectations, my guess is, you havent seen much difference relative to your revenue expectations because of limits on advertising. Can you just remind us when does that advertising inventory get opened up to new advertisers? And how will Peacock monetization progress from here? Thank you.
Dave Watson: Doug, this is Dave. Ill start. So, our wireless strategy has been very consistent also. And the new unlimited plans are an opportunity for us to improve that value proposition still have by the gig. Now introducing unlimited, I dont -- its not going to be a material shift in investment side. Therell be some, but not material. Its just a great addition to the portfolio. And this -- weve talked about it, it was important for us to accelerate. We think its good for broadband. It is helping broadband. We see the results in terms of churn and its just a growth engine for us, period. So really happy about the 278,000 lines, the most line additions in a quarter since we launched. It grew revenue 50%, achieved profitability. So, were focused across the board in terms of everything that we said we wanted to do. And this is one piece of it. So, focusing on every sales channel, and this is just going to be consistent with our approach. Youll probably see a bit more packaging with broadband and mobile, but thats not really different than anything that weve been talking about doing. So, its off -- its early with the unlimited stuff, but its -- were very encouraged. But, we like our complete suite of products that we have in the marketplace.
Jeff Shell: Doug, this is Jeff. So, let me just take the opportunity with your question to maybe spend a minute or two on Peacock and just provide a little bit more granularity and how were doing more broadly than your question. So, first of all, we are very pleased with our steady growth on Peacock, and were particularly pleased that we chose this business model, which is an ad-supported AVOD model for the business. It was the right decision to pursue that clearly for our Company. Our revenue in that model is a mix of both, subscription revenue and ad revenue. And if you actually break down what drives the ad revenue in the future, its really four things we track. The first thing is sign-ups. I think, Brian mentioned in his opening that we reached 42 million sign-ups. This is up 9 million from last quarter. And were very pleased not just with that growth, but with a steady growth in that over time as weve added things. The second metric is how many of those people who sign up, use the service on a regular basis. We internally use a metric known as MAAs, which I think others in the industry also use, monthly active accounts, thats how many households actually use it monthly. Its either -- to be granular, its either somebody who pays a household, pays a great subscription fee or somebody who uses it monthly. And by that basis, roughly a third of our sign-ups are by our metrics MAAs. And that -- put that in the context. That is about a third of where Hulu is today. Weve only been national for less than a year, Hulus been 13 years. So, were very pleased with how thats grown steadily. And MAA is the way we track them actually kind of understate the engagement, because there are many people who use it, but just not enough to be an MAA. If you actually made it quarterly assumption, then wed be up to another $10 million above that number. So, one of the upsides for us is converting those non-MAA sign-ups to MAAs, which we think well do over time. The third metric is usage, which is very strong, double our projections. And to put that in context, the -- an average Peacock MAA is using Peacock more than an average TV viewer is watching NBC. So, were very pleased with that. And then finally, how do we monetize those users and usage is the CPM, which gets to your question. We set out, as you mentioned, in the sponsorship model. So, the vast majority of our revenue coming out was set up by 10 charter advertisers. But, we actually are exceeding the guarantees that we made to those advertisers. So, we are already, even this quarter, selling some of the excess inventory on a spot basis. And were achieving CPMs that are equal or in some cases, above what were getting on NBC Prime, which is our gold standard. Thats very encouraging. And to answer your question, in Q4 of this year, thats when the sponsorship deals roll off and we start selling all of our inventory on a spot basis, but were in early stages of the upfront right now. So, were already starting to talk to advertisers about making upfront commitments that include Peacock. Let me just mention one other thing. All of this success is without most of the programming that we anticipated. We anticipated launching with the Olympics. We have not had -- we have two Olympics in the next seven months. Were going to do some pretty exciting things on Peacock with our Olympics programming. And then, even though were back in production, as Mike mentioned or Brian mentioned on 30 shows right now, most of those have not hit Peacock yet. So, the strength of our original programming that we have planned to launch with is really coming in future quarters. So, very encouraged by Peacock going forward, very steady growth so far, and were confident about the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: One on Cable, one on Sky. Maybe for Dave, or Dave and Brian. Thank you for the comments in the prepared remarks on the network. As you know, theres a lot of focus on symmetric offers, particularly in Washington. And Im just wondering, from a business point of view, do you think theres real demand there? And what kind of timeline should we be thinking about in terms of adding that capability or more of that capability to your network? And can you talk a little bit about what that might mean for capital intensity, which Im sure is what most investors are focused on. And then, for Dana, theres been an unbelievable amount of kind of tectonic shifts in the European sports landscape just this year. And you mentioned Sky, you have Serie A. Can you just put all this in context, when you look at the Bundesliga deal, what were reading about with EPL, Serie A. Is this helpful to Sky hitting its EBITDA targets of doubling over time, or is this a headwind? Can you maybe just -- because these are obviously massive contracts. Could you just talk a little bit about the soccer background? That would be great for all of us. Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Dave, why dont you talk a little bit about symmetrical?
Dave Watson: Sure. Hi, Ben. So, this is a focus for us over the next several years. But overall, our approach, our strategy is to continue to enhance broadband completely. And that you want to have the best overall speeds in the marketplace that go from the house of the business, great WiFi coverage within where people are, control streaming, now mobile is part of the overall solution, and making it all seamless. So, its the overall experience that were focusing on. But, we continue to improve speeds along the way, we got 20 years in a row, we got constant increases in terms of speeds. And we address both, downstream and upstream. Let me put usage in perspective in terms of what weve seen pre-pandemic and most certainly through the pandemic where a network met the moment and then some. But putting usage in perspective, upstream is less than a tenth of downstream. And so, name the application, whether its video streaming, whether its gaming, host of education applications. Our network, I think, really stood up, as Brian talked about earlier. And so, while our competitors are spending heavily to try to catch up to us, weve already -- theyre testing, were not standing still. Weve done 2 gigabits of download speed for testing, symmetrical 1 gig. And so, we have an architecture that I think is going to continue to put us in position to do it in an effective and a very efficient, capital-efficient way. So again, not standing still. So, we feel very good about the long-term architecture because of DOCSIS. DOCSIS 3.1 that we have is a very -- is a strong roadmap that we can deliver. And so, right now, as we sit here, we have 1.2 gigabits deployed throughout our entire footprint. Weve increased the upstream speed. And so, over time, I think we can address symmetrical issues. But in the near term, the midterm, we are in a very good position. And I do not see an incremental need for upgrade in terms of capital. We constantly invest in the network. This is not something that just happened overnight. We invest all the time and were making our infrastructure more efficient as we virtualize things like CMTSs, and were just taking cost out of how we deliver this, couple that with the great DOCSIS standard. I think, were in a pretty good position. So, broadband, commercial and residential is growing. Its a great business. Were going to continue to strengthen our lead position. And I think its going to continue to be a great return on investment for us. And we decide to accelerate our plans. Our CapEx intensity might be a little bit higher one year versus the other. But, were still going to be in the ballpark of what weve been doing. And its just not going to be uptick by a material amount. So, I feel very good about our position, and I really like our long-term roadmap.
Dana Strong: And Ben, this is Dana. Good morning. And thanks very much for your question. There has certainly been a lot of noise around sport and football in Europe over the past four or six weeks. But if you put it all into context, what I would say is that Sky has had a very good track record of renewing sports rights, and were generally feeling good that that track record will continue. With English Premier League at the last renewal, we made a deliberate choice to reduce our investment by 15%, but we still secured an improved set of rights. In Bundesliga, for the upcoming season, we continue to hold all of the rights to the very best games, but we werent able to secure a discount to our previous contract. And with Serie A, I think it just demonstrates that we will walk away when we feel the economics dont work. I think, more importantly and to broaden the periscope a bit, I would underscore that Sky has been on a journey for over 15 years to really expand our value proposition beyond sport. And thats worked extraordinarily well. And I think it comes through in the performance of the business, the fundamentals are in the right place. Our customers are taking more products and services. Our viewing is up significantly on Sky channels. Our churn is significantly lower. Sky streaming is growing considerably. And the aggregation platform is really working, as Brian mentioned, with two-thirds customers in the UK. So, I think we feel very, very comfortable that the business fundamentals are very well-positioned across all of our markets. We really like the position that were in, and we feel confident we can continue to build and grow on these fundamentals. So, I think the core of your question is to remain confident in our ambition to double the EBITDA over the next several years. And I would say, yes, we do remain confident in that ambition. And I would say thats based on confidence in a range of factors. Strong bounce back that were already seeing after the effects of COVID, our ability to continue to use the retail engine to drive the customer base and reduce churn through aggregation, and our strategy for multiservice bundles, a very good disciplined cost focus. The team is executing very well. Secure content supply and then really a diversification of that to our expansion into originals and exclusives has worked very well. And we still see a lot of strength in the UK growth opportunities. So, all of that gives me a lot of confidence to say were on track for our ambition of doubling EBITDA over the next several years. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Cusick: Hey, guys. Thanks. I guess a couple of follow-ups here. Brian, as Ben said, thanks for the detail on broadband, and clearly, its not just about speed. Its interesting that when the market is worried about competition, you guys are raising the bar on yourself for ads. Whats the mix of drivers that you see between strong market growth and share shifting? And then second, on mobile, it looks like youre hiring a lot of people in that business, probably getting ready for a network build. Can you expand on where that network effort is headed? Thanks.
Brian Roberts: So, let me start. Dave, why dont you also feel free to jump in on -- I think Dave gave pretty complete answers on broadband. We do believe that by having the best product, and I think we have that, youre in the enviable position. And so, we balance constantly looking at new technologies where competitors might be coming over the last, I dont know, 15 years. Weve had lots and lots of fiber competition. Weve had lots of overbuild competition, DSL competition, weve added 20 million broadband, its an -- over a consistent period of time. And so, I think we know how to compete. We go from market share, and we do that while were able to increase the EBITDA and free cash flow from the business. We really focused on the business sector, havent talked a lot about that today. They had a great quarter and real momentum as all businesses are reopening. People are rethinking their relationships. And we have the latest, greatest, best technology. And youll be hearing a lot, or I think, from our business services unit. In wireless, just to add to all the points Dave made about our focus on mobile, while, yes, we bought some spectrum and well be doing some trials to see how we can offload, and that really will prove to be a cost savings. If we get it right. In dense areas, that whole relationship requires a healthy partnership with a wireless MNO. And in the case of Verizon, were really pleased with the partnership restructured it so that were able to make these unlimited offerings in a way that continues our profitability March and real value for consumers, and in a way that Verizon is happy that their network is getting used. So, good work to our team that worked hard, and to Verizons team who are bringing great offerings to the market with expanding mobile. So, net-net, I think both of those important two products and we now bundle them together, put us in a position to continue to grow and be able to compete with where the world evolves itself.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett: Yes. Hi. A question for Dave, if I could - -two actually. First, can you talk about how your Cable segment is preparing for federal stimulus? And how you think that -- what impact thats likely to have on your business? Can you quantify at all what you expect to come from stimulus, including how many essentials customers you have and whether you expect those customers to now generate higher ARPU under the stimulus plan? And then on the wireless business, I just want to drill down on a question that was asked before. With the new pricing, do you think that you can still be EBITDA positive in that business, even with the new pricing, which presumably will mean at least somewhat lower ARPU going forward?
Dave Watson: Thank you, Craig. So, first, on stimulus. There probably will be some non-pay benefit and we -- and there are a couple of different ways that could play out, but our voluntary churn and non-pay churn have been consistently been running low for the past year and been trending lower pre-pandemic. So, our earlier churn performance was regardless of when stimulus checks were received, but could be some -- a little bit of additional support around that. But, I think, you have to look at the longer term trends. Our performance overall reflects what weve been talking about. Were building a great network and improving the products constantly. So, I think, there could be just a little bit of non-pay support, but again, were already doing fairly well there. In regards to wireless, I think, in terms of EBITDA, the new pricing, yes. The way that we think about this, its a long-term growth opportunity. Certainly, for broadband, weve talked about it. But, when you look at the overall marketplace, you feel -- we feel good about that were -- we have a little over 3 million lines, less than 2 million customer relationships, mobile relationships out of a pool of 33 million customer relationships. So, low penetration, lots of runway. So, we always -- and take a look at any of our approaches to key categories. We take a very-disciplined approach towards packaging and improving value. And so, yes, we feel very good about unlimited as part of the portfolio and not changing the strategy or materially the results in terms of ARPU and mobile and the impact towards EBITDA. So, overall, again, Brian mentioned it, we really appreciate, and the Verizon relationship, its important for us. And I think were good for them, very good for them. And its -- so its a good win-win for us to be able to add this new set of unlimited to already strong portfolio. So, feel good about our ability to continue to drive healthy EBITDA with it.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: A couple of follow-ups for Jeff. Jeff, lots of news in terms of sports rights in the U.S. as well, with you guys adding WWE and the NFL deal and not renewing NHL and the shutdown of the NBC Sports net. So, can you talk about your strategy going forward? And maybe what were some of the drivers of those decisions? And then, also back to Peacock, the big B2C platforms are obviously spending sort of multiples of what Peacock is on content. And what I realize those are fundamentally different services. Should we expect the strategy to evolve over time with potentially further investment to capture growth and engagement, or do you guys think you guys are fully capturing the opportunity at current levels? Thanks.
Jeff Shell: Yes. Thanks, John. Let me take them in order. So first of all, were really thrilled to continue our NFL relationship. That was an important one for us. The NFL really kind of encompasses what we want in sports rights. It is obviously very important for our traditional business, number one show in prime time for over a decade and with our Al and Cris, and now Drew Brees and Mike Tirico and our talent, were -- that is a very important tent-pole for our existing business. At the same time, as the business evolves and moves to streaming and on demand, that deal also gave us a lot of content that now we can use on Peacock and our other platforms, whether its simulcast of games and exclusive games or additional rights to show highlights and other footage. Its really the perfect deal with the premier sports in the U.S. So, that really is kind of our model. The Olympics is the same thing where we have rights to use content across multiple platforms; same thing with golf, which is an important tent-pole for us. And well continue to be aggressive and look for sports that not only we can get for a price that we think we can get a return on, but also properties where we can drive usage, both linear and digital. And WWE is kind of the perfect one on that, where we were able to take a franchise that was already important to us on USA and our linear networks and extended across in the Peacock in a way thats been very successful. So, were thrilled with our portfolio now. Well continue to be opportunistic we find opportunities that match all those things. Turning to Peacock spending. I think, its important to recognize that we really have -- and Mark Lazarus has laid this out pretty well. We want to build our television business to match what consumers are doing. Consumers are watching content across a variety of different platforms, not just linear, not just streaming, but lots of different ways. And our spending really should be looked at in that context, not just what were discretely spending on Peacock, but what were spending across our whole portfolio. And when you look at that, we match up pretty well versus our competitors. And with Peacock, we actually dont -- as I mentioned earlier, we dont even have the benefit of most of the spending that we had planned because of the production delays with COVID. So, at the moment, were pretty pleased with the content we have on Peacock and the content thats coming in future days. And as I said before, with the success of Peacock, and I think Brian mentioned this in opening, we have a lot of options going forward, and well continue to watch the way the world changes and how our product evolves, and well evaluate those options.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, John. Regina, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Michael Rollins with Citi. Please go ahead.
Michael Rollins: I was curious if you could share how much of the programming spend within NBCU is exclusive to your platform, whether created by the studio, live sports, news? And where do you see that mix going over the next few years, especially as you look to expand the reach of the Peacock platform? Thanks.
Brian Roberts: Yes. Thanks. I would say, virtually, all of our programming, the vast majority of our programming is exclusive. The exclusivity of programming is very, very important to us. And its not just the traditional exclusivity, whether its an S&L or a drama, but its the exclusivity of a Rachel Maddow every night on MSNBC or exclusivity of our various sports properties, most notably the Olympics. So, exclusivity is critical when you look at programming, not just in NBC, but across some of the new digital platforms, too. I dont know if that answers your question, but virtually, all of our programming.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Mike. And I just want to thank all of you for joining us on our first quarter 2021 earnings call. We hope you all continue to stay healthy and safe.
Operator: There will be a replay available of todays call starting at 12 oclock p.m. Eastern Time. It will run through Thursday, May 6th, at midnight Eastern Time. A dial-in number is 855-859-2056, and the conference ID number is 5168008. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the Companys website, beginning at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time today. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note, that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Miss Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker : Thank you, operator and welcome everyone. Joining me on this morning's call, are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Dave Watson, Jeff Shell, and Jeremy Darroch. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks, and Dave, Jeff and Jeremy will also be available for Q&A. Let me now refer you to slide 2, which contains our Safe Harbor Disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements, subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts : Thanks Marci and good morning everyone. Really proud of our fourth quarter results and look forward to giving you a glimpse of what were focused on and excited about once we come out of this pandemic. Our most recent performance was highlighted by Cable which grew EBITDA by over 12% and net cash flow by 26%. These are the best results of the year and that of any fourth quarter in over a decade.  We also have good news to share on our Park segment which reached breakeven excluding Beijing, even with Hollywood being closed. Our premium ad-supported streaming service Peacock now has 33 million sign-ups within just six months of its nationwide launch. And encouragingly [indiscernible] customer and revenue base essentially return to pre-COVID levels this past quarter.  Clearly, our company has strong testament to the tough decisions made by our leadership team and the excellent execution and coordination by our dedicated employees. Looking back over the whole year, 2020 was one of the most uncertain and challenging periods that any of us can remember.  But we rose to the occasion, ensuring the safety and protection of our employees, providing customers with unparalleled service and innovative products that they relied on more than ever, strengthening our investment grade balance sheet and continuing to invest for long-term growth and success.  This year's Cable results were nothing short of exceptional, hitting a number of company records. We generated 2 million net broadband additions for the year, and 538,000 for the fourth quarter, reaching record low churn. High speed internet drove our highest ever full year net customer relationship additions of 1.6 million, bringing us to 33 million total customer relationships. Yet with just only 50% penetration of our footprint, there remains plenty of opportunity for future growth.  We also delivered outstanding EBITDA growth of nearly 9% and cash flow growth of 16% all of 2020. Broadband is the cornerstone of what we do, powered by our robust, flexible and reliable network. And many years of investments we've made have been on full display.  We've continued to enhance our market leading competitive position, while keeping people connected, protected, informed and entertained by proactively managing our network, increasing broadband speeds, expanding our internet essentials program for low-income households, providing payment plans for customers struggling the most, and offering Peacock and Flex for free.  This pandemic has forced us to rethink the way we operate and service our customers. Immediately, we moved all of our care reps to work remotely from home, which has gone so well that we're leaning towards embracing this model permanently. In addition, we promoted further adoption of our digital self-help tools such as Xfinity Assistant, which are available 24x7.  We also expanded our self-installation eligibility. And now over two thirds of our customers are connecting to our services this way. We are working hard with our communications and marketing efforts to enhance awareness, all we have to offer, which enables us to take costs out of the business, while delivering a better experience for our customers.  In fact, in the past 12 months, we've reduced agent handled calls by over 16 million, and truck rolls by 1.6 million, all while adding more than 1.5 million net new customer relationships. Our efforts to reduce costs have been extremely successful. But what's even more exciting are the investments we're making to grow the overall business. The great example is Flex, which is offered to all of our broadband only customers for free, so that they can connect seamlessly to the streaming services they love.  Within the first half of this year, Flex along with X1, will be carrying all of the top streaming apps in United States. We just added HBO Max, we'll be adding Disney Plus in the near future and we have many more on the roadmap. Flex has been a major win for us and we continue to have really high hopes.  Xfinity Mobile just came off a strong fourth quarter with nice sequential improvement in customer additions, resulting from a number of significant changes as we fully integrate mobile into our core Cable operations and reprioritized our sales channels. We're really excited for 2021 as we've recently expanded parts of our MVNO agreement with Verizon that will enable us to improve our range of offerings and acquire more customers more profitably. As we said from the beginning, an MVNO led capital-light wireless model is the right one for us and has even more strategic opportunity in the years ahead. Business services came back faster than we expected. This quarter, we added 26,000 net new customers and generated revenue growth of 4.8%, the highest we've seen since the pandemic began. With less than 20% share of an approximately $50 billion total addressable commercial market in our footprint, we saw plenty of runway. All-in-all, Cable had a fantastic 2020 and we look forward to a very strong 2021 and beyond. While the global pandemic has had a more significant impact on NBCUniversal, we took advantage of this moment to make a number of changes in both management and operations which sets us up for success.  The most notable example, is the reorganization of our Cable Networks and Broadcast Television businesses, which are now combined along with Peacock in a structure meant to drive long-term cost efficiencies and revenue opportunities. We finished the year having renewed a number of carriage agreements with many of our valuable distribution partners, putting us in a position of strength, as we enter 2021.  Peacock has had an exceptional start, exceeding all of our internal targets. This premium hybrid AVOD service, which has a light ad load and is unlike any other, offers a breath of content that appeals to just about every demographic, at an unbeatable consumer value, much of it for free. Momentum has further accelerated with the addition of the Office, which we own and began streaming exclusively on Peacock as of January 1.  Not only is the Office driving incremental users, but these viewers are naturally finding and watching other programs on this platform like Parks and Rec, Yellowstone, our latest original Saved by the Bell, mega hit movies from Universal and other studios, and sporting events such as the Premier League, Golf and even an NFL Wild Card game. And earlier this week, we announced that Modern Family will be coming to Peacock next month, followed by the WWE in March.  In Film, our decision to release our titles direct-to-consumer via premium video on demand when theaters were forced to close has proven to be profitable and the right move for us. While we look forward to when we can enjoy the theatrical release of many franchise films such as Fast 9 and the next Minions and Jurassic World, we will lean into what has become a successful hybrid distribution model.  COVID had the most direct impact on our theme parks, which were either closed or running at limited capacity for the bulk of 2020. But I'm pleased with how quickly we were able to reopen Orlando and Osaka while ensuring the safety of our staff and guests. We continue to provide an amazing entertainment experience. Our guests are responding as confirmed by our steadily increased attendance and our most recent financial results.  What we saw this fourth quarter, especially in Orlando, gives us even more conviction in the momentum that our theme parks will experience when we reach a sustainable recovery. We may experience some near-term setbacks with the most recent pick up in COVID cases, but I'm optimistic as ever about the long-term trajectory of this very special business.  Sky had a strong and encouraging fourth quarter. We added net new customers in every market, bringing our customer base essentially back to pre-COVID levels. The same can be said for revenue, which was essentially flat from what we generated in the fourth quarter of 2019. While we continue to make meaningful progress on our strategic initiatives, Sky Q which integrates streaming, has surpassed 60% penetration in the UK, and is poised to continue with recent additions of Disney Plus, Discovery Plus and Amazon Prime video.  We're really pleased with the success of Sky Originals, which contributed to the 20% increase in viewership on our Sky Entertainment channels during the fourth quarter and all of 2020 reaffirming our commitment to creating Sky Studios and expanding original programming.  While the recent wave of COVID infections and related lockdowns across Europe are once again creating disruption, we're implementing the same protocols and procedures that work the first time around. We've confidence of a similar pattern as this latest lockdown recedes.  We really look forward to the second half of this year when we will also start to see the benefits from the reset of major sports rights contracts and cost savings that should result from a new, leaner operating model. And we're still on plan to double 2020 EBITDA over the next several years, as Jeremy recently laid out.  Speaking of Jeremy, I want to thank him for his exceptional leadership of Sky and for his partnership since the acquisition. He and the team have established a unique world-class brand and a strong, well-run business that's now fully integrated. I'm thrilled for Dana Strong, who has now taken over as CEO of Sky.  Many of you on this call have met with Dana since she joined our Cable business as Head of Consumer Services back in 2018. She is an accomplished executive with a wonderful ability to transform, inspire and drive positive change. On top of all that, she also has over 20 years of international experience with near half of its been in Europe.  2021 offers a lot of promise for Comcast and hopefully for the entire world. While the first half will be more challenged than the second due to the most recent strain of COVID, were really encouraged by the promise of the vaccine which is the first step in putting the parts of our business that have been most impacted back on the path toward growth.  This optimism is shared by our Board of Directors which this morning announced an increase in our dividend of our 13th consecutive year. I'm also pleased it is now our expectation that we will return to repurchasing shares in the back half of this year.  While 2020 was not what any of us had imagined a year ago with this time, our execution, cooperation and fast decision making enabled all parts of Comcast, NBCUniversal and Sky to respond and manage through a difficult environment remarkably well. I'm truly proud of what we have accomplished and our fourth quarter shows just how well this company is positioned to succeed.  Mike, over to you. 
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks Brian and good morning everyone. Now Ill review our fourth quarter 2020 results and make some comments on current conditions and where possible on the year ahead. Lets begin on slides four and five with our consolidated results.  Revenue declined 2.4% to $27.7 billion for the fourth quarter, and 4.9% to $103.6 billion for the full year. Adjusted EBITDA declined 15% to $7.2 billion for the fourth quarter and 10% to $30.8 billion for the full year. COVID related severance and restructuring charges were $590 million in the fourth quarter and $828 million for the full year as we took actions to position our businesses for success in a post COVID world.  The corporate and other segment includes these charges and also includes Peacock for its launch year. For 2020, Peacock generated revenue of over $100 million while EBITDA losses approached $700 million. We continue to expect that EBITDA losses for 2020 and 2021 combined for Peacock will total roughly $2 billion.  Adjusted earnings per share declined 29% to $0.56 for the quarter and 17% to $2.61 for the year. Finally, free cash flow was $1.7 billion in the quarter and $13.3 billion for the full year reflecting the decline in EBITDA and the benefit from the reduction in working capital and capital expenditures in part due to the pandemic.  Now to review our business segments, starting with Cable Communications on slide 6. For the fourth quarter, Cable Communications revenue increased 6.3% while EBITDA increased 12% and adjusted EBITDA led capital grew 26%. For the full year we grew customer relationships by 1.6 million a 41% increase year-over-year with 455,000 net additions in the fourth quarter, driven by high-speed internet where we added 2 million net new residential and business customers this year and 538,000 in the fourth quarter.  These record customer additions were the primary driver of our high-speed internet revenue growth of 13% for the quarter and 10% for the full year. Other revenue highlights include acceleration in both business services and wireless. Business services posted 4.8% revenue growth and 26,000 net new customer additions primarily driven by improvement in small businesses. Wireless revenue grew 36% with 246,000 net new lines in the quarter bringing up to 2.8 million total lines at year end.  Wireless is a strategic priority for us and should accelerate on the back of several actions we have taken. First, weve expanded our Verizon MVNO agreement. Second, we fully integrated mobile into our core operations and third, weve refined our marketing and activated all of our sales channels and were seeing a nice lift in our retail stores which are now fully opened.  For Video, revenue declined 0.7% with higher rates implemented in the beginning of 2020 more than offset by subscriber declines including a 248,000 net loss in customers this quarter. And advertising revenue increased 34% year-over-year or 2.2%, excluding political, which almost doubled what we generated in the last presidential election cycle in 2016.  Turning to expenses, Cable Communications fourth quarter expenses increased 2.4%. Programming expenses were up 7.2%, primarily due to the number of contract renewals that started to cycle through in 2020 combined with annual escalators in existing agreements.  Non-programming expenses declined slightly reflecting lower technical and product support and customer service costs, which were partially offset by higher advertising, marketing and promotion spend to drive top-line growth and higher expenses associated with the increased political advertising activity this quarter. Non-programming expenses per customer relationship decreased 5.1% despite our record customer growth. Cable Communications EBITDA grew by 12% in the quarter and 8.6% for the full year, with margins reaching 42.1% and improvement of 170 basis points excluding the RSN adjustments that impacted results earlier in the year.  Cable capital expenditures decreased 1.1%, resulting in CapEx intensity of 13.5%. For the full year, capital expenditures declined 4.4% resulting in CapEx intensity of 11%, our lowest full year on record and an improvement of 100 basis points year-over-year exclusive of RSN adjustments, driven by lower spending on customer premise equipment and support capital partially offset by higher spending on scalable infrastructure, which was driven by our ongoing investment to enhance the capacity of our network to support increased data usage.  Turning to the current environment, high speed internet customer additions remain healthy and we have all the pieces in place for 2021 to be a very strong year. We also have to remember that 2020 was exceptional on many accounts. And because of that, we view 2019, which was also very strong for us as a more appropriate year against which to benchmark our performance.  Turning to video, we expect the higher video rates we implemented at the beginning of this year, resulting from our current programming renewal cycle to drive video sub losses back to the levels wed experienced in the first half of 2020. Our video strategy is centered on profitability. We do not chase unprofitable video subscribers, as we can now offer Flex for free to those who prefer a streaming only entertainment option.  Looking to the full year, we expect Cable Communications revenue growth to exceed the 3.4% we just reported for 2020, as we remain focused on driving our connectivity businesses with better year-over-year comparisons in the first half. We expect programming expense growth to increase at high-single digit levels similar to the fourth quarter, as programming carriage renewals roll through in 2021. The program expense growth is expected to moderate in 2022 and thereafter.  Non-programming operating expense growth should normalize at a low-single digit increase to 2019 levels, as we support the higher level of customer relationships and accelerate growth in our wireless business, which we expect to achieve standalone profitability in 2021.  With our consistent discipline on expenses and capital investment, coupled with the trends at work as we remain focused on connectivity, we are confident in our ability to increase profitability, expand margins and improve CapEx intensity, both in 2021 and thereafter.  Now let's turn to Slide 7 for NBCUniversal. For the fourth quarter, NBCUniversal revenue decreased 18% to $7.5 billion and EBITDA decreased 21% to $1.6 billion. Cable Networks revenue was down 6.4% in the fourth quarter, driven by a 38% decline in content licensing and other revenue, while distribution revenue was flat compared to a year ago, reflecting the absence of carriage renewals, combined with modest sequential improvement in subscriber losses.  The delay to the start of the NBA and NHL seasons had a negative impact on our advertising revenue, which declined 4.2% while the related shift of sports rights amortization out of the quarter was a benefit to the EBITDA which grew 22% year-over-year. For the full year, Cable Networks EBITDA increased 4%, primarily driven by the sports related impacts of COVID.  Fewer sporting events in 2020 contributed to lower distribution and advertising revenue, as well as lower programming and production expenses of $655 million year-over-year. Seasons were shortened earlier in the year, and current seasons were delayed, pushing a number of events and the related rights amortization costs to 2021.  So, looking to 2021, we expect healthy distribution revenue growth as a result of recent successful carriage renewals. We also currently expect significantly more sporting events compared to 2020, which would result in higher advertising revenue, but also a significant increase in sports related programming and production costs, equating to a low double-digit decline in Cable Networks EBITDA this year.  Turning to Broadcast, revenue decreased 12% in the fourth quarter, due to a 39% decline in content licensing, and a 9.6% decline in advertising revenue, partially offset by another quarter of double-digit increases in retransmission consent fees. The content licensing revenue declines at both Broadcast and Cable Networks were timing related, as sales to streaming platforms including Peacock were more heavily concentrated in the first nine months of the year.  We also had a difficult comparison to a significant library deal in last year's fourth quarter. The decline in advertising revenue was driven by lower ratings, partly due to the delayed launch of our ball season. This was somewhat offset by record levels of political advertising at our local stations. The lower revenues were partially offset by a decline in operating costs, reflecting lower content licensing, and the delay in production due to COVID-19 resulting in a decline of 24% to $356 million in Broadcast EBITDA.  Filmed Entertainment revenue declined 8.3% and EBITDA increased 65% to $151 million for the fourth quarter. Theatrical revenue declined 70% due to theaters being either closed or operating at limited capacity. While content licensing increased 23%, driven by PVOD. Expenses were significantly lower due to fewer releases as a result of COVID-19. In 2021, we hope to debut a number of our franchise films in theaters, such as Fast9 and Minions 2, but the situation remains fluid and we're still adjusting our 2021 place to maximize value, as evidenced by our recent decision to push back the release of Boss Baby 2 from March to September. Theme Parks revenue was $579 million in the quarter with an EBITDA loss of $15 million. These results reflect Universal Orlando Resort and Universal Studios Japan, operating at limited capacity, while Hollywood remains closed. Results also include $45 million of Universal Beijing pre-opening costs.  For 2021, keep in mind that the first quarter tends to be seasonally light in terms of attendance. And we also expect an increased COVID impact given new restrictions in Japan, which have also caused us to delay the opening of Super Nintendo World. We are pleased that University Beijing remains set to open this summer, with pre-opening costs ramping to $300 million in the first half of this year.  One last item I'd like to highlight, we will be changing the way we report for NBCUniversal starting in the first quarter of 2021 with a largest impact being to our television businesses, as we combine Cable Networks and Broadcast into one segment along with Peacock. Now let's turn to slide 8 for Sky, which I'll speak to on a constant currency basis. Sky revenue for the fourth quarter declined 0.9% to $5.2 billion, reflecting a 2.8% decline in direct-to-consumer revenue, driven mostly by our hospitality or pubs and clubs segment, which was challenged by additional COVID related lockdowns during the quarter. Excluding hospitality, direct-to-consumer revenue was essentially flat year-over-year with solid low-single-digit growth in the UK. Somewhat offsetting the decline in direct-to-consumer revenue with a 10% increase in content revenue as we monetize our original programming. While advertising revenue grew 3.9% as Sky outperformed a challenge advertising market helped by a strong performance in the U.K.  Sky added 244,000 net new customers in the quarter, bringing us essentially back to pre-COVID levels of total customer relationships with additions in all markets, driven by a very healthy streaming business. We've also seen strong uptake in our broadband and mobile products in the UK.  Sky EBITDA was $139 million as the fourth quarter was impacted by a number of expense items, such as incremental sports rights amortization related to the shift of sporting events that have been delayed as a result of COVID-19, higher investments in entertainment programming, costs related to the launch of our new Sky channels last May, as well as higher marketing spend to promote strategic initiatives such as Sky Q, growth in our mobile product in the U.K. and broadband in Italy.  Looking ahead, we would characterize 2021 as a tale of two halves, the first half is under pressure due to the recent increase in COVID related restrictions to the extreme levels we experienced at the beginning of the pandemic. With the government mandating the closure of pubs and clubs, as well as many retail outlets, we are experiencing weakness in hospitality and advertising, and we now expect Skys first quarter revenue to decline slightly year-over-year.  We also expect first half expenses to be elevated when compared to 2020 as higher sports right amortization resulting from sporting events being postponed from 2020 to 2021 will be with us through the second quarter. In non-sports related costs, well see an increase as we grow broadband and mobile in the UK, broadband in Italy and launch the SMB business in the U.K. later this quarter.  In the second half of 2021, we expect a quick recovery in hospitality and advertising revenue once these latest restrictions are lifted and an acceleration in EBITDA growth from the tailwinds related to our major sports rights resets and more efficient operating structure.  I'll wrap up with free cash flow and capital allocation on slide 9. We generated $13.3 billion in free cash flow and paid $4.1 billion in dividends to our shareholders in 2020. Consolidated total capital, which includes CapEx as well as software and intangibles, decreased 6.4% for the year to $11.6 billion, while working capital improved by $2.2 billion to a decline of $178 million for the full year, both reflecting an impact from COVID.  Looking to 2021, we anticipate total capital will remain relatively flat to 2020 levels, while the working capital drag will increase relative to the levels we saw in 2019, which is the more appropriate comparison, due to an increase in content investment, our broadcast of the Olympics and the reversal of COVID related one-time tax deferrals.  Turning to capital allocation, our strategy has always been a balance of several important priorities, maintaining a strong balance sheet, investing in profitable organic growth and returning capital to shareholders. First, on our balance sheet, we've made great progress reducing net debt from a $108 billion post the Sky acquisition at the end of 2018 to $90 billion at the end of 2020.  Second, we remain focused on organic investment in our businesses to grow the long-term earnings power of the company, including our CapEx investment in Broadband and Parks and continued investment behind other growth initiatives where we see strong return on investments such as Xfinity Mobile, Peacock, Flex, Sky Q and Broadband in Italy.  Third, we are committed to returning capital to shareholders through dividends and buybacks, and we have a proven track record. We have increased our dividend 13 years in a row at a 17% CAGR significantly in excess of the S&P over that same time period. In addition, we have a demonstrated history of buying back stock, having reduced our share count by nearly 20% between the NBCUniversal and Sky acquisitions.  In 2021, we believe we will be able to return to our historical practice of returning ample capital to our shareholders. We are again raising the dividend by $0.08 a share to a $1 per share, and we are planning to return to buying back our stock. As Brian mentioned, our hope is to start in the back half of this year, gradually ramping up to historical levels while we continue to pace towards hitting our intended target leverage levels, which we currently expect to reach by year end 2022.  The specific timing and magnitude of our buyback activity will be subject to improvement in our businesses most impacted by the pandemic and the implications related to potential changes in tax policy. So, thanks for joining us on the call this morning.  And I'll now hand it back to Marci to handle Q&A. 
Marci Ryvicker : Thanks, Mike. Regina, let's open the call for questions please. 
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. One for I guess, Brian, and Dave on Cable, and then one for Jeff on NBC. So obviously, really strong customer metrics in 2020, particularly on the broadband side. And I was curious, when you look at what transpired last year in terms of the increased demand for the product, and also how you guys operate in the business. What are the things that you think are COVID-specific versus durable?  I mean, I know you talked about 2019 as the benchmark year. But as we think about the longer term, how do you look at last year's performance and some of the specific drivers in terms of their durability beyond the pandemic? And then for Jeff, you guys laid out, I realized this is prior to your elevation as CEO, I think 30 million to 35 million active accounts on Peacock by 24.  I know signups inactive accounts are different metrics. But it seems like you're nicely ahead of that trajectory. Can you just sort of reframe the opportunity with Peacock for us today versus kind of the initial outlook and when might revenues become kind of material to NBC for that business? Thanks, everyone.
Dave Watson: Well, Ben, this is Dave. I'll kick off on the Cable side. I think it starts with the main point that we've had great momentum in Broadband for many quarters now well before COVID. There's been real strength in the category for us, and I think if we point towards the fundamentals of Broadband, and the fundamentals have been very consistent for us.  And it starts with the market, the market is growing we're taking share. And the sources are geographic all over the country where we serve and across the board competitively, with DSL sources, telco wired, wireless, and other competitors. So, I think, while they're in '20 truly an exceptional year from performance.  And as Brian said, I think the right way of looking at '20 you got to look at the full year results. And when you do that the 2 million net customer additions, it really is extraordinary. Fundamentals that we see going forward, low churn. We compete well on the front end, because we've consistently invested in the best network in the marketplace. And I think that is ubiquitous.  We deliver the best overall service, redefine the category in speed, coverage, control, and now streaming. And so, you add up all those things, I think it points towards strong organic growth. But as you look to next year, as Mike said, we do have a healthy start to the year. We're really encouraged what we're seeing right out of the gates.  But I do think 2020 as everybody went home and there is just a lot more in a short period of time, folks that were working from home, schooling from home, I think there's -- that's a unique moment. But I think the fundamentals continue. We have penetration upside. There's growth opportunities that we believe strongly. I think '19 was a very strong year, too by the way. I think that is the right one to look at as the best benchmark on a go-forward basis.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America. 
Dave Watson: Hey Ben. So, Peacock obviously is primarily an AVOD service. And we have a number of metrics, the one that we that Brian and Mike talked about today is signups with loops every quarter which we reached 33 million this week. People sign up then they use it actively and then the usage per user that drive the amount of hours we saw on advertising.  And we are up significantly over all of our metrics versus what we anticipated going into the business. We are only, we launched this on Comcast just over nine months ago and nationally just over six months ago, so were at the very beginning of this business. But we are very confident based on the small amount of time that the business model has adapted the right business model, people are signing up, they are using what we have expected. And advertisers are very interested in buying it.  So, this steady growth is very promising for us and we dont have anything to reframe at this point, but I think that the performance that is much better than we expected, give us a lot of optionality going forward. But we're just going to continue to drive this business model now and focus on the advertising revenue. 
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. 
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Ben. Regina, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Jessica Ehrlich : Thank you. I also have two questions. First, on NBCU. Can you talk about the kind of the timeframe and where you'll see the benefits of the restructuring? And within that, like, what is the long-term view of Cable Networks, will it be at all eventually be in Peacock? And on the Cable side, several of you mentioned I think Brian, I think all of you mentioned the benefits of the new Verizon MVNO deal. Where will that show up, will it be in revenue, additional services? What's the timeframe for that as well? Thank you.
Brian Roberts : Jeff, you want to start? 
Jeff Shell : Yes, thanks, Brian. Hi, Jessica. So, we view, obviously, our television business as a whole. As Mike says, we're going to redo how we report starting next quarter. And we view the whole television business as a whole. And while our restructuring definitely took a lot of cost out of the business, which you're starting to see in the numbers. The real purpose of it was to allow us to grow in the future and really run it as one business.  So, Cable Networks obviously are a big part of the business, they're still the biggest EBITDA driver. And I don't expect that to change anytime in the near future. But we're looking at the two revenue streams of the business, its subscription and advertising as one business, Broadcast, Cable and Peacock. And we're programming it as such, we're selling it to advertisers as one platform as such.  And so, I think over time it'll be harder and harder to distinguish between the profitability of Cable Networks and the rest of our television business because we're looking at it as one business. But the restructuring allows us to run it like that and we think that that's going to allow us to really grow the business over time.  Dave, you want to take on wireless?
Dave Watson: Yeah. Hi, Jessica. So, we've been really pleased with the relationship of Verizon, we had a great partnership and glad that one important aspect of things is that improved MVNO. Brian mentioned, the capital light approach is working for us, we think is going to work in the future.  So, I think as a starting point certainly will enable us to amplify what we're already doing, really push towards a range of offers that keep us very competitive. We continue to grab switching share and the mobile space. But you back up for a second and we're just overall, we have been pleased and we're very optimistic about the mobile business and what it will do.  In particular, continues to perform very well for broadband retention. And so, we're committed to accelerating growth in mobile. And we mentioned this last time. And while the MVNO enhancement will be a nice step forward, there are a lot of other things that we're doing like, really going after every single sales channel that we have. We reopen retail in a safe mode, new safety protocols and every single sales channel, whether it's digital, all centers, you name it, we're really focusing on mobile.  So, we're also leaning into 5G. We'll participate very much in 5G and we're featuring mobile in packaging, with broadband, leading in some cases when there's a new product, NPI, whether it's Apple, Samsung, we use that moment to literally lead with mobile. So, I think overall, we're real pleased. And I think we feel good about the runway.  I would also point towards our overarching plan that one, we have access to I think just the country's best network, with Verizon. And so, we talked about that. I think we also are leveraging -- continue to leverage Wi-Fi. And we're -- we've always uniquely provided a great experience, not just in the home, we're improving things outside in the public area.  And then over time, I think the key thing too is being able to add a third layer, which could be our own targeted wireless infrastructure which we might use to supplement the Verizon network and really go after the high dense usage areas, spectrum that we've already acquired. So, I think all these factors point towards particularly a unique opportunity for us. 
Jessica Ehrlich: Thank you. 
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, Jessica. Regina, next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. If I can just follow-up on wireless, when you said that you can improve the range of offerings to more customers as part of the new MVNO, can you address business customers now with your wireless service? And perhaps you could before but any clarification on that? And what are the new offerings and where the new customers that you can address as a result of the changes to the MVNO?  And then, Brian, not to put you on the spot, but any thoughts on the Olympics and its likelihood and potential benefit to Peacock or the rest of the operations? Thank you. 
Brian Roberts : Well, I think on the wireless question, I think this is the beginning of the year. So, I think we'll have more to report as the year goes on. We're going to follow-up on what Dave just said, but we think including some offerings to businesses. But it's early in the year, so stay tuned.  But I think what we wanted to convey today is that the piece parts are in place, and that we have momentum, and it's a strategic part of our bundle, as Dave just said, in terms of reducing churn and also driving us toward breakeven and profitability. And if this was -- these were important elements to get right. So, I would say more to follow. And the question about Olympics is what, will it happen? Or be a bit more specific, if you don't mind, Doug?
Doug Mitchelson: Yes, sorry, Brian. I guess there's some concern out there as whether or not the Olympics will happen. And I know, its sort of important for driving your businesses and it was something you were excited about in terms of marketing Peacock last year. And as you've taken a step forward in Peacock and had some initial success, how do you think about using Olympics as a vehicle to drive usage and awareness of Peacock?
Brian Roberts: Yeah. Understood. Well, first of all, I want to echo what Jeff said, really pleased with how fast Peacock has exceeded this year, even without the Olympics that we had hoped for and that was going to be the big launch moment. So, I think the team is doing an outstanding job and giving us the best start that that I think everyone would want to have an even better than that, perhaps. So that gives us just great expectations for the future. So, sitting here today, I believe there will be in Olympics. I hope it'll be in Olympics and I think that's our best intelligence at this time. And we're excited about that. I think it can be done in a variety of ways, as we've seen sporting events all over the world take place from Premier League to the NFL, and many others with limited spectators, no spectators or wherever the world may be in Japan in July. That'll be up to the host country and host committee.  If in the event, it doesn't happen, we have another Olympics coming in Beijing, seven months later or so. So, I don't know Jeff, do you want to add anything to that but we're very hopeful and believe that they'll find a way to safely and successfully have the Olympics, which for us is a television event and would be an amazing moment for the world to come back together post what we've all globally been through, which is so unprecedented. So, we're super hopeful and optimistic.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you.
Jeff Shell: Yeah, I guess
Marci Ryvicker: Yeah, go ahead, Jeff.
Brian Roberts: Go ahead.
Jeff Shell: No, I was just going to add to what Brian said. I think advertisers also are optimistic that the Olympics are coming and continue to pace. I think last earnings call I said, we were up over where we were a year ago when we thought the Olympics would be a year ago, that gap has grown even further as advertisers kind of jumped in to buy.  So, anything can happen in this COVID world. We don't know what's going to happen, but we're pretty confident that Olympics is going to happen, and advertisers are kind of jumping in and agreeing with Brians sentiments.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you. 
Marci Ryvicker: Regina, we're now ready for the next question. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Phil Cusick with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Cusick: Hi, guys. Thank you. Thanks for the buyback commentary. Should we still look at 2.5 times trailing 12 months EBITDA for test for buybacks? And can you remind us what the year-end '22 target is? And then Mike to confirm your comments on margins and capital intensity, I think you're guiding to Cable margins, capital intensity improvements versus 2020 but not giving a level.  I assume that's against reported numbers, despite all the moving pieces. Can you give us any sort of direction on that level and why not guide this year versus previous years? Thanks.
Mike Cavanagh : Sure Phil, it's Mike and, Dave -- I'll do the second one first. I think Dave gave plenty of color in terms of as well as I think in the earlier comments about the activities of the Cable division in terms of focus on expenses, locking in programming renewals, which and just driving the business towards connectivity, and wireless towards profitability.  And all those factors, come together and when you look at the long-term [Indiscernible] a business including our comments is that, we are confident in our ability to increase profitability, expand margins and improve capital intensity not just in 2021 and that is versus reported 2020 numbers to your question.  But really thereafter, I mean, I think the business is set up for that, for the long-term horizon beyond just the year ahead. So, calling out specific numbers, I think is of less utility frankly than giving you the broad backdrop that gives you the long-term lens through which you can judge all those pieces. But we're quite confident that all those things coming together expenses plan and efficiency on the capital side, combined with innovation and focus on connectivity allows us to give that outlook that of improving margins and capital intensity looking out ahead.  In terms of -- Dave, I don't know if you have anything to add there? 
Dave Watson: Yes, I think the focus of us really going after margin capital intensity improvements, that's not going to stop, starts with connectivity, and building customer relationships in a profitable way managing this video transition, like we're doing. And extreme focus around expenses that we in a healthy way, Mike talked about, Brian's talked about just taking a lot of transactions out.  Our digital focus and self-install kits, these are things that I think are very durable, that'll go beyond what we're dealing with in this environment. I think we learned a ton. And we'll continue to operate the business in a unique way. So, I think you look towards those kinds of activities the amount of SIK, today two-thirds of the transactions that connects or that way, and then three quarters of our digital capable transactions are being completed through our digital tools.  We're going to continue to focus on all those things that just drive non-programming cost. And so, we'll stay focused on all of that.
Mike Cavanagh : And then, just elaborating I think earlier comments really covered it all on buybacks, but I'll just expand a bit. I mean, obviously, we've been talking Brian and I and the team for a while about our desire to get back into the historical balance on capital allocation, which as you know is even the balance sheet strong, making healthy investments in the organic growth across our businesses which I think from listening to the call today.  Anyone would, I hope gather that we continue to be very lean -- very much leaning into doing that where we see returns and opportunity to make investments in these businesses for growth. And then get back to our balance with complete capital return. You know, it's the 13th year we've increased the dividend, but we turned off buybacks for a while and want to return to being in that portion of the return element as well.  So, as I said, we're pleased with where the balance sheet is. We've gotten net debt down to $90 billion from $108 billion after Sky. Just the evidence that we're seeing in Parks in the fourth quarter, we were breaking as the Beijing pre operating cost, even with Hollywood closed and even with capacity constraints, just gives us a high degree of confidence that when people can return to travel on the other side of vaccinations, outpacing the virus, that we're going to see the COVID impacted EBITDA businesses snap back to historical levels.  To your point, it's going to take 12 months for it to run through and get it fully back, hence our point that, in the second half of this year, we'd expect to see the beginnings of that and rather than wait for a full 12 months. We'll start -- we hope and plan to begin our buyback at that moment.  We'll keep it at the historical level, call it as much as $5 billion ramp up to that and probably stay there until we actually get to the definition that you called out on a 12 month trailing basis to get to around or just inside 2.5 times. And I expect that to happen by the end of 2022.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, Phil. Regina, next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with Moffettnathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett : Yes, hi, two questions, if I could. First, Brian, you talked a little bit about how pleased you are with Flex. We certainly get more questions about it from our clients now than had been the case with a lot of enthusiasm for what Flex could become. So, wonder if you could just expand on Flex a little bit and talk about what your hopes and expectations are for Flex? And could you grow that into a national product that is widely distributed or even a global product that's widely distributed as an aggregator platform?  And then with respect to wireless, I wonder if you could just update us on your thinking about the CBRS spectrum now that we're out of the CBRS quiet period and what you might do now with the amount of small cells for traffic offload, whether you're testing that in any markets or how much traffic you expect you might be able to offload from the MVNO agreement?
Brian Roberts : Dave, why don't you take the second one first about wireless and CBRS. I don't know if there's anything to add at this moment, but and if you want to feel free to talk about that? 
Dave Watson: Well, Craig, we have
Brian Roberts :  And if you want to start on Flex, that's fine and I can follow you so, we can do both.
Dave Watson: Okay, yes, well, let me touch on the first one then and go into CBRS. But going Flex, starting Craig with their current strategy just a little bit, that we package it with broadband, another great way of surrounding broadband with products that drive better retention outcomes. And that it's working, it's working very well. So, we target it to the streaming segment and give the customer great experience with excellent voice and all the apps, so tons of apps will have just about everything.  Pleased with the Peacock performance for sure. All the other apps that we've launched, including HBO Max and soon to be later on this quarter, Disney. I think today it is more targeted. But as you mentioned, I really do think the next phase that we're working on and developing for and turning our innovation focus is that this is a long-term platform opportunity for us.  And aspect of the company that we have called XUMO, that I think you all know that's one piece of being able to drive, helped drive advertising. We can participate and revenue in the app split's that we get. And so, we think of this with scale. And as you build a common software stack that includes Sky, do it together, which we're already working on, and then you have opportunities which we've talked about going to smart TVs, but really leveraging unique scale internationally that we can have, whether it's a device or whether it's a software solution.  But I think these are the things that we'll look at. Right now, it's working great within footprint, but we're building our plans beyond that. 
Brian Roberts : Hang on for sec, let me just add to that then that the whole articulation of the company's strategy with broadband and aggregation and streaming, I think is embodied inside flex. So, Peacock's success very much partially due to the early success to what Flex can do for Broadband customers. And we're seeing other programmers are approaching us with their content and seeing with both the X1 platform and the Peacock platform and this Flex platform can do for them.  So, that's led us to looking at what Dave was just talking about, what are other opportunities that are in -- that can be taken advantage of this scale and this platform and the ability to bundle things that way? And I think we'll have more to talk about throughout the year. Same sort of answer on the wireless question.  I think what we're set up for future opportunities with some of the investments we've made and some of our early success. So, I share your clients enthusiasm, I think the product is going to continue to improve. We'll have some more updates on that as we go along. But I'm very encouraged as well. And I think the team that created Flex has done a great service for the company. Keep going, Dave. 
Dave Watson: I think the only other point on wireless and Brian and Craig would be, we are looking at and working on development plans around the targeted use of the CBRS spectrum in dense high usage areas and how we could offload traffic, how the experience be terrific in doing so? So, nothing more really to comment at this point. This is a multiyear effort, but a lot of focus is on it right now.
Craig Moffett : Thank you both. 
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, Craig. Regina, next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Brett Feldman: Thanks. And if you don't mind, I'm actually just going to follow up on Phil's question. So Mike, when you were responding to his question on the buybacks, you talked about ramping back up towards the historical level of $5 billion a year until you get back to sort of that long-term leverage target of about 2.5 turns.  But if I think longer term, if you were to sort of remain at your historical buyback pace, you would probably continue to de-lever and I think actually quite rapidly. Historically, you've tended to redeploy that excess liquidity into your strategic M&A program. And so, the question is, how do you think about the medium to long-term importance of preserving dry powder of that type of flexibility, versus whether your current asset portfolio is sufficiently well suited to meet your long-term operating targets? Thank you.
Mike Cavanagh : Sure, Brian can obviously chime in. But I think we feel very good about the collection of businesses that we have, how they fit together, how Sky is enabled together with Cable and NBC, things that are advances in the three pillars that Brian described, broadband, streaming and aggregation. So, I won't repeat too many of those proof points of what we are as a company.  But, we'll always look at M&A, but I don't think there's any doubt that we are very pleased and don't see any strategic gaps in the portfolio that we have. So, we'll talk about it when we get to the 2.5 times. But I wouldn't suggest that beyond that stage, we would just deliver. I mean, we get inside that number and from there, we'll have options and we'll discuss it with folks as we get there. But that's where we stand today. Brian, anything else you want to add? 
Brian Roberts : Yeah, I would just add two other things. I think it's an important moment for us today in getting to a point that we feel the businesses are healthy that we can see, we believe and we hope obviously things can change with progress, with the vaccinations and the impaired businesses really having a roadmap to full recovery and beyond.  And so, getting back in balance with as Mike described earlier, I think is really important something that I certainly really have wanted us to get to. Second, we've also said that we'd like to mix up businesses. Hopefully 70% of the company being broadband-centric is proved to be a really successful model.  And we've had 10 wonderful years of growth with NBCUniversal and last year was the only exception to that. So, we expect great growth in all our businesses but having a mix with the businesses can work together. But having majority of the company being broadband centric has worked really well for us.  So, I think it's a -- we are very pleased with the company we've got, we got a great scale, we've got momentum. That's where our focus at and the main priority was today to get to this announcement of our expectations, and then go ahead and hopefully, see the world go in the right direction here and continue on the path we're on and get to the execution of that later in this year. So important step today. 
Brett Feldman: Thank you. 
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, Brett. Regina, we have time for one last question. 
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead. 
John Hodulik: Great, thanks. Two quick ones, I think. Maybe first as follow-up for Jeff on Peacock. Can you give us a sense of what content is resonating and any color you have on engagement or ARPU or pay subs? And should we expect more spending on sports rights for the platform following up on the WWE deal? And then maybe for Brian, just thoughts upon how the regulatory backdrop will evolve? And is there any concern that net neutrality will emerge as a new policy goal? Thanks.
Brian Roberts : Jeff you want to go first?
Jeff Shell: Yeah, thanks Brian and John. So, it's obviously, let me start with the office. So the office, we have the office as of January 1st, we've had it now for almost a month, very pleased with how it's doing. Our usage among our customers are actually higher than we think the usage was amongst Netflix customers.  And more importantly what's happening is, we're seeing that people who are watching The Office on Peacock are watching lots of other comedies. So its really driving Parks Rec, and really driving Brooklyn 99 amongst others. So, there's kind of an ecosystem of that.  We've talked in previous quarters about how EPL has really worked for us, it was Premier League and how those viewers also came in and to our surprise a much greater percentage of them, then turn them watching other things like Yellowstone and or comedy. So, we believe, there's kind of an ecosystem here, like the whole world of broadcast where people will, we can cross promote people into different things. And that certainly seems to be working and The Office has really worked. WWE is kind of a perfect property for us, because it allows us to number one, thousands of hours of programming that were behind a paywall that will now put on the free service of Peacock, which will not only enhance the brand of WWE, but we can monetize an advertising. We get the events that were behind a paywall that used to be pay per view, can drive our 499 Premium version of Peacock. And then remember, we have a big investment in WWE at USA on our linear networks. And so, this kind of perfectly fits into our model of operating the business as a whole and cross promoting and selling advertising clients one platform, one solution, as Linda calls it. So, I think the model that we've constructed here to really kind of leverage our existing linear businesses and drive advertising is working, and I think comedy, sports, two of the success stories certainly so far.
Brian Roberts : Okay. And I know, we'll be having this conversation about the new administration government. So, let me just quickly say, I don't think there's anything new. We've managed successfully to work with different administrations, with different regulatory perspectives around the broadband business.  And -- but our view is obviously strongly felt that the long-standing light touch regulation has worked since President Clinton created that classification and reduces regulatory risk for investors and allowed the company to invest more and have paid dividends unbelievably well during COVID. And we were never asked to down raise any services. And content providers and consumers really benefited. And that wasn't universally the case around the globe, with different broadband regimes. But we do believe in the neutrality and how we're not going to discriminate, block, throttle and some of the other principles that we've committed to. And so, if there's a way to find a way to codify that and perhaps with this issue and a permanent more consistent place that's certainly a possibility.  I would like to just end the call by introducing Dana Strong just for a moment, who's taken over Sky just last couple weeks. Starting next call, Dana will be available to talk about Sky in great detail, but Dana didn't want this moment to pass without congratulating you, with this introducing you to the group here to say just a few words.
Dana Strong : Thanks so much, Brian. It's great to have the opportunity to say quick hello to everyone. Looking forward to talk again in future quarters as Brian mentioned. Maybe for now, let me just briefly say that having spent the past few weeks in the UK, I'm extremely confident about the exciting opportunities ahead for Sky.  When Brian called me, I knew this was an opportunity I couldn't pass up. Because I've always had great admiration for Sky having worked in Europe, as long as I have, Brian mentioned that before. Sometimes competing and partnering with Sky across those many years, I think I'm in the position to truly appreciate the unique market position that Sky holds in its iconic brands.  And I just have to say that Jeremy has built an incredible organization, an amazing breadth of assets and a fantastic team. And I couldn't be more excited about leading Sky in this next chapter. So Brian, look forward to talking more about it in future calls and back to you.
Brian Roberts : Thank you and Jeremy, thank you as well. And I know you'll be guiding us here through the rest of this year as well. But both of you are going to be a great team. That wraps it up for me, Marci, do you have anything else? 
Marci Ryvicker: I just like to thank everyone for joining us on our fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings call. We hope you stay healthy and safe. 
Brian Roberts : Thanks everybody.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12 o'clock PM Eastern Time. It will run through Thursday, February 4 at midnight Eastern Time. The dial in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 7964167. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 PM Eastern time today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcasts Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, operator and welcome everyone. Joining me on this mornings call are Brian Roberts; Mike Cavanagh, Dave Watson, Jeff Shell and Jeremy Darroch. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks, and Dave, Jeff and Jeremy also will be available for Q&A. Let me now refer you to Slide 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer. I remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please see our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marci and good morning, everyone. Were nearly eight months into this pandemic. And despite many harsh realities, I could not be more pleased and proud of how our team has worked together across the company to find safe, creative solutions to successfully operate in this environment. Were executing at the highest level and perhaps most importantly, accelerating innovation to drive long-term future growth. We remain intensely focused on our top three strategic priorities of expanding and leading with broadband, aggregation and streaming, all of which are underpinned by strong content creation, distribution and technology. Each business is increasingly complementing, reinforcing and driving value for the others, while enabling us to offer seamless and bundled experiences to all our customers. For example, this quarter, we added a record number of new customer relationships and high-speed internet subscribers and signups for Peacock have grown to nearly 22 million as of today. It is clear that Peacocks results are enhanced by the placement and distribution it gets through our broadband service. And adding Peacock to broadband is resulting in a significant improvement in both churn and gross ads. As Peacock is continuously cited as a differentiating factor at the point of sale for Xfinity broadband products; none of this could have been achieved without the technology stack that we have through Sky. Focusing now on our top strategic priority broadband, the success weve experienced to-date has been driven by years of investment combined with our leading scale. We engage with 56 million high value households and businesses globally. These subscribers give us a stronger starting point in direct-to-consumer relationships, particularly with broadband. Our connections at the point-of-sale provide us with a distinct advantage as this is the moment when customers really contemplate their aggregation and streaming options. We have the best broadband network in the U.S., perhaps in the world, lead by a completely integrated consumer experience with the widest array of products that go beyond just speed. We offer coverage, control in an unprecedented level of flexibility. With our broadband service, you get your choice of entertainment over your preferred distribution method whether its the industry leading video bundle with X1, or the highest quality streaming product with Flex, both powered by the same platform and technology, the same award winning voice remote, and the same cloud-based software. With Xfinity Internet, you can opt for Xfinity mobile, the great value wireless service hosted by Verizon, now inclusive of nationwide 5G and augmented by our own WiFi network, the largest in the U.S. And we have the ability to evolve this offering over time to we choose to include our own wireless network or cellular infrastructure to generate even greater profitability in the most highly-trafficked mobile areas as this unique combination of broadband products and services that led to this quarters 556,000 net new customer relationships and 633,000 net new high-speed internet subscribers, both the best quarterly record in our companys history. In the UK, customer relationships now stand at over 13 million, a figure thats been steadily growing, driven by our exclusive content and experience that cements our video relationship with customers, a differentiated broadband service as the number two provider and increasing wireless penetration. Its a winning formula for other markets that we will look to replicate. Moving to our second strategic priority, aggregation, whether its a Pay TV video bundle or a streaming solution for the home, entertainment remains an important consideration for new and existing broadband customers. X1 and Sky Q are the worlds leading platforms for aggregating broadcast, sports, and streaming services. Flex provides that same experience to those customers, who prefer streaming only video included for free with Xfinity Internet. Weve developed the best operating system for your entertainment experience, controlled by one global voice remote, enabling 15 billion commands, five languages annually. Our expertise or technology, and a tremendous amount of R&D continue to push us forward with opportunities to generate new revenue streams and areas of monetization, which sets us on an even stronger path towards long-term growth. The goal of our common Tech Stack is to build once and deploy as many times and as many markets and as many ways as possible on our network or through wholesale distribution. Weve already experienced great success with our current X1 syndication model, white-labeling our software and technology gives us a significant revenue stream that boasts healthy margins and even more important, more scale for our platform. We look forward to expanding this expertise to other distributors, and believe that even larger nationwide and potentially international syndication model will create new opportunities in this rapidly-changing ecosystem that will create value for our company and our shareholders. Our third strategic priority is streaming, which not only provides us with another increasingly important way to reach our viewers and monetize our content, but it also drives demand for higher speeds and more reliable broadband and differentiates and improves the economics of aggregation. Peacock, our premium ad supported video on demand service is the right streaming strategy at the right time. After launching nationwide, just this past July, we are excited to already have nearly 22 million Peacock signups to date, and have exceeded all of our internal engagement metrics, even without having the benefit of the 2020 Olympics. Going out with free allowed us to grow quickly with a very low cost per acquisition and significantly less marketing spend and other new streaming services. Weve also been able to effectively leverage our expansive high-quality library and over $20 billion of annual content spend that supports our existing media businesses for Peacock, and enhance it with targeted incremental investment in additional streaming IP. Xfinity has been a significant contributor to Peacock success, driving awareness and usage through bundling with X1 and Flex. In fact, Peacock was the number one app on Flex and the number three app on X1 for the month of September when measured by reach. Were also leaning into Flex, which increases the lifetime value of our broadband customers as we see churn improved by 15% to 20% for new customers that engage with the platform. Since adding Flex as a video option, weve seen our entertainment relationships increase. In fact, the growth in the Flex monthly active user base, which now sits at over one million, more than offset the decline in the number of our traditional Pay TV video subscribers for the past two quarters. Reaching these three strategic objectives takes focus and discipline, and we have both. We are realigning our cost structure across our company and making the appropriate level investment in the right initiatives, so as to fuel long-term growth and enable us to effectively compete in an evolving global marketplace. Turning from our long-term strategy, Id like to highlight our third quarter results, which Im quite proud of in light of the challenges we have faced with COVID. In Cable, our revenue growth accelerated and we generated an impressive 10.5% increase in EBITDA. We have been incredibly successful in identifying long-term cost efficiencies. In fact, with our self-installed offerings and digital tools, customers can do virtually everything they want or need to without picking up the phone or requiring a truck roll. But were also investing for growth, with the goal of increasing awareness of our ever improving Xfinity brand, promoting an advancing or leading broadband position and accelerating our mobile and business segments. At NBCUniversal, the team has done a really creative and impressive job of navigating through an incredible amount of uncertainty. I am pleased to report that some businesses are steadily recovering, given the resumption of both sports and content production. Where we continue to see the most pressure from COVID is in our Theme Parks, which were the single biggest drag in the quarter. In fact excluding this segment, NBCUniversal EBITDA would have grown by 9% year-over-year. While it will take some time for the parks to return to historical levels, weve made substantial progress. Universal Orlando and Osaka are operating at limited but growing attendance. While we dont know when Hollywood might reopen, we remain very bullish on the parks long-term. I am very excited for next years launch of our frankly incredible new theme park in Beijing. Early in the third quarter, we announced a completely new structure for our television businesses, enabling us to realign how we invest in the creation, production and distribution of world class content. In essence, weve done away with the concept of creating a piece of work for a specific network. Our priority is to invest in and create the absolute best content, and ensure that we maximize monetization by choosing the most effective method of distribution, whether its broadcast, cable networks, Peacock, sales to a third party, or some combination of all four. Last, were closing in on two years since we bought Sky. So, I thought I would spend a moment providing some context on the progress we see to-date. The UK, which is by far the largest component of Sky EBITDA has proven to be a strong business that has generated high single-digit EBITDA growth over the two-year span when adjusting for the momentary impacts of COVID, anchored by growth in both our customer base and revenue per customer relationship. Our UK customers continue to do more with us as evidenced by our higher penetration of broadband, and wireless and in the QBox, all of which solidify us as the home of aggregation and streaming and which sets us up nicely for continued growth. What we see in the UK guide to our thinking on the prospects for what Germany and Italy could each become. In both markets, we have a leading brand name and customer proposition in video supported by significant scale. While it may take time, were on a path to replicate the UK playbook, and took an important step toward this in Italy with our recent launch of broadband. We also have fairly immediate opportunities to improve our cost structure as we move to centralize our organizational efforts across our markets. And as weve begun to reset many of our largest sports rights in Continental Europe, which should provide hundreds of millions of dollars in annual savings. As Jeremy highlighted recently, we are confident in our ability to double EBITDA at Sky over the next several years. And importantly, Sky fits right in with our broader company priorities playing a big role in strengthening our Tech Stack for aggregation and in content solutions across all of NBCU and Cable. When you put it all together and look at the first nine months of the year, but certainly, not the year, we all would have expected. Weve executed extremely well. Weve taken advantage of the favorable interest rate environment to enhance our balance sheet and liquidity, and we remain committed to getting leverage, where it needs to be, so that we can return to buying back stock. All in all, this was a really strong quarter. And Mike will now take you through our results in greater detail.
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks, Brian and good morning, everyone. Now, Ill review our third quarter 2020 results and offer some commentary on the current conditions in our businesses caveating that circumstances around us remain fluid, and therefore, our outlook is subject to change. Beginning on Slide 6 with our consolidated third quarter results, consolidated revenue declined 4.8% year-over-year to $25.5 billion while adjusted EBITDA was down 11% to $7.6 billion and adjusted EPS fell 18% to $0.65 per share, all a result of the lingering effects of COVID-19. Free cash flow of $2.3 billion was up 10.5% benefiting from the positive year-over-year change in net working capital due to COVID at both NBCU and Sky, half of which resulted from the timing of when sports rights payments were made, versus when sports actually aired, and half of which resulted from a slower ramp and content production. We expect this trend to reverse starting in the fourth quarter and continue into next year as our businesses continue to recover from COVID. Before moving to segment results, I remind you that corporate and other losses have continued to increase as a result of our focus on the successful positioning of Peacock. We have also incurred COVID-related severance and restructuring charges totaling $239 million year-to-date. We expect to incur an additional charge that is approximately double this amount in this years fourth quarter as we continue to align the cost structure across all of our businesses. Now, lets turn to our business segment results starting with Cable Communications on Slide 7. For the third quarter, Cable Communications revenue increased 2.9% while EBITDA increased 10.5%. Revenue this quarter was once again impacted by adjustments for customer RSN fees. Excluding these adjustments, overall cable revenue would have risen by 3.9% with no corresponding impact to EBITDA. As Brian mentioned, we generated 556,000 customer relationship net additions, the best quarterly results on record driven by high-speed internet, where we added 633,000 net new residential and business customers also, the best quarterly results on record. Underlying net additions were similar to last years third quarter and we were able to successfully convert some customers to paid status that continued to receive our service, but were not included in our second quarter results. Roughly, one third of those customers converted to paid status or free internet essentials customers while the remaining two thirds were high-risk customers have begun paying their balances and returned their full service after being on our assistance plan. Going forward, we do not expect the impact of converting free internet essentials and high-risk customers paid status to be as significant. high-speed internet revenue grew 10% including RSN fee adjustments and grew just over 11% excluding those adjustments. Remember, RSN fee adjustments are allocated to those customers taking bundled services according to their standalone market prices. The strength in high-speed internet is coming from a number of areas. One, we continue to take share of an expanding market as evidenced by an increase in our broadband penetration. 51% of homes and businesses in our footprint are now taking our HSD product, up 240 basis points versus a year ago. Two, our investment in our network and product differentiation is resonating in the market whether its our best-in-class gateway, or controlling security through xFi, its not just about speed. Three, we are seeing higher take rates of our entertainment product with the addition of Flex, which continues to have a significant positive impact on churn and therefore, customer lifetime value. And four, we also continue to drive connects by expanding our network through line extensions. Business Services revenue grew 4% as we return to a net gain of 17,000 customer relationships this quarter and turning to video, revenue declines 2.1% with accrued RSN fee adjustments adding an adverse impact of 130 basis points. We lost 273,000 net video customers this quarter, which reflects modest improvement in our underlying video losses compared to the second quarter, and a benefit of converting some of the previously high-risk customers to paid status. Wireless revenue increased 23% driven by 187,000 additional lines, resulting in 2.6 million total lines at quarter-end. Our wireless business continued to be impacted by our decision to keep some of our retail stores closed for most of the quarter, especially in areas, where COVID cases remained high. That said, the vast majority of our retail stores are now open and we have put a number of plans in place to accelerate the growth in this business. advertising revenue increased 12% year-over-year due to strong political advertising, which was up 70% over what we had generated in the last presidential election in 2016. Core advertising excluding political was down 6.8% year-over-year, a significant improvement relative to last quarter with better trends across most categories. We also saw some benefits from the clustering of sports programming that began to air in the third quarter. Turning to expenses. Cable Communications third quarter expenses decreased 2.2% with programming expenses down 0.6%, primarily as a result of the accrued RSN fee adjustment. Without this adjustment, programming expense would have increased by 4%. Non-programming expenses declined 3.2%, primarily as a result of curtailed advertising; marketing and promotion spend, as well as lower technical and product support, primarily due to a COVID-related slowdown in business activities. We are also continuing to find better and more efficient ways to do business, particularly through our digital tools and interactions. Cable communications EBITDA grew by 10.5% and margin reached 42.7%, reflecting 290 basis points of year-over-year improvement. While accrued RSN fee adjustments had no impact on EBITDA, they did have a positive contribution margin of roughly 40 basis points. Cable capital expenditures decreased 2.5%, resulting in CapEx intensity of 11.8% and improvement of 60 basis points year-over-year driven by lower spending on customer premise equipment and support capital, partially offset by higher spending on scalable infrastructure, which continues to increase due to our ongoing investment in the network. Ill now touch a bit on what were seeing so far and what we expect in the fourth quarter. For high-speed internet, underlying subscriber trends remain healthy. And we currently expect revenue growth to accelerate from the third quarter driven by this years strong subscriber growth combined with higher ARPU, resulting from an increase in the uptake of some of our higher margin products, such as modems, and xFi pods. In addition to better expanding assistance program curates. While we are pleased to see a continuation of net new customers in our business segment, we do not expect revenue growth to accelerate in the near-term, given the COVID subscriber impact we saw earlier in the year, as well as the longer sales cycles associated with the recovery were seeing with our midmarket and enterprise customers. That said, we remain optimistic on the long-term prospects across all of our business segments. We remain the challenger with the highest-quality offerings at lower price points than our competitors. On the video side, we expect fourth quarter video losses to be similar to the third quarter levels, reflecting modest improvements to our underlying trends. And just like with high-speed data, a less significant impact from converting customers to paid status. When it comes to our outlook for expenses and margins, commensurate with the sequential acceleration and underlying revenue growth that we anticipate for the fourth quarter, we expect non-programming OpEx to be flat to slightly up, reflecting our aggressive focus on maintaining strong connect activity by returning to home installs, increasing our marketing spend to defend our strong position and further accelerating our mobile and SMB businesses. That said, we continue to make significant inroads with implementation of the long-term cost efficiencies we identified earlier this year, which puts our overall expense base in a very good position as we enter 2021. We expect programming cost to be up mid-to-high single digits in the fourth quarter given scheduled programming renewals and we do not anticipate additional RSN fee adjustments, given what we have seen for the first nine months of the year, combined with our outlook for the fourth quarter, we now expect cable EBITDA margins to exceed our prior guidance of up to 100 basis points year-over-year improvement by a healthy amount, both with and without the RSN fee adjustments, while CapEx intensity is still expected to improve by up to 100 basis points year-over-year. Next, lets turn to Slide 8 for NBCUniversal. For the third quarter, NBCUniversal revenue decreased 19% to $6.7 billion, while EBITDA decreased 39% to $1.3 billion. The majority of the revenue and substantially all of the EBITDA declines came from our Theme Parks business, as Hollywood remains closed, and both Orlando and Osaka are open to limited attendance as a direct result of COVID-19. Starting with the TV businesss, Cable Networks revenue was down 1.3%, driven by declines in distribution and advertising revenue, offset by an increase in content loss licensing and other. The distribution revenue decline of 3.8% resulted from a slight acceleration in subscribers clients, less rate benefit due to the absence of programming renewals, and a nearly 200 basis point impact from accrued RSN fee adjustments. Advertising revenue was down 2.1%, a significant improvement compared to the second quarter as we benefited from the broadcast of rescheduled sporting events, which is not expected to recur in the fourth quarter. Cable networks EBITDA decreased 8.9% due to higher programming and production expenses driven by the shift of sports rights amortization costs into the third quarter. Turning to broadcast, revenue increased 8.3%, driven by 66% growth in content licensing sales, and continued growth and retransmission consent fees, partially offset by decline in advertising. While advertising improved significantly compared to the second quarter, broadcast did not benefit as much from the shift of sports as rescheduled sporting events were basically offset by canceled events, as well as fewer NFL games relative to last year. After recognizing a significant increase in content licensing revenue year-to-date at both broadcast and cable networks, we expect a double-digit decline in the fourth quarter due to the timing of our sales to streaming platforms, which were more heavily concentrated in the first nine months of the year, combined with a difficult comparison to a significant library deal in last years fourth quarter. Broadcast EBITDA increased 29% to the higher revenue, as well as lower programming and marketing costs associated with the delayed start of our new fall season, which were somewhat offset by higher program expenses related to content sales. Filmed Entertainment revenue declined 25% year-on-year with theatrical revenue down 95% reflecting theater closures as a result of COVID-19, partially offset by a 50% increase in content licensing revenue, as well as a 49% increase in home entertainment revenue due to Trolls World Tour. Filmed Entertainment EBITDA increased 53% as lower revenue was more than offset by lower operating costs related to less spending on current period releases as a result of COVID-19. While we have pushed the majority of our movie slate to 2021, we are looking forward to the release of The Croods: A New Age in theaters and a subsequent PVOD release later in the quarter. Theme Parks revenue was $311 million in the quarter with an EBITDA loss of $203 million due to Universal Orlando Resort and Universal Studios Japan operating at limited capacity while Universal Studios Hollywood remain closed as a result of COVID-19. This quarters EBITDA included roughly $20 million of preopening costs related to our theme park in Beijing, which remains on schedule to open by the summer of 2021. We anticipate cumulative preopening costs be roughly $400 million, with approximately $100 million, pulling in 2020 and $300 million in the first half of 2021. We continue to see improvement in underlying trends and expect the theme park business to break-even at some point in 2021, independent of what occurs with Universal Studios Hollywood. Next, lets turn to slide 9 for sky, which I will speak to on a constant currency basis. Revenue for the third quarter was even with the prior year, as we were seeing the benefits of a very healthy underlying business in the UK, combined with the return of major sporting events, primarily European football that have been previously postponed. Content revenue was up 17.5% driven by higher wholesale revenue from sports programming, while direct-to-consumer and advertising revenue showed significant sequential improvement, each down 1% year-on-year. On the advertising side, we outperformed the European marketplace, which was down about 10% as weve benefited from strong advanced advertising, and rescheduled sporting events that were previously postponed due to COVID-19. In addition to sports, overall sky entertainment viewing was up double digits, partly aided by the addition of our new branded channels, including sky comedy, which launched in January, and sky documentary, Sky history and sky nature, which launched in May. The significant sequential improvement in direct-to-consumer revenue resulted from the return of sports and a healthy underlying trend in the UK, which experienced a gain of 51,000 customer net relationships and low single-digit ARPU growth. The strong performance was driven by our strategy to be the best TV aggregation platform in the market, record low TV churn and continued growth in streaming broadband and mobile customers. Our large, resilient sky TV base continues to benefit from the deployment of our more advanced sky cube product. Overall, Sky Cube penetration is at 51% of households, while UK penetration has reached 58%, up 13 percentage points year-over-year. We are also pleased with the results at NOW TV, which is positioned for a different market segment. ARPU is increasing as this growing customer base continues to take more packs on average, underscored by a 60% increase in the uptake of our highest price sports pack. While revenue from our hospitality business, the pubs and clubs that receive our sky TV service remains pressured. Weve seen weekly revenue back 70% of historical levels versus 25% at the start of the quarter. Italy and Germany remain a bit more challenged. In Germany, we made changes to our pricing and packaging earlier in the quarter, while we were pleased with the positive customer response. This will pressure ARPU in the near-term as you focus on growing market share and reducing churn. In Italy, our results showed meaningful sequential improvement, but we continue to be impacted by a tough macro environment. We are encouraged by positive momentum and Italy broadband post its mid-June launch. Customer additions are beating our initial expectations with satisfaction scores at high levels. EBITDA for the third quarter was down roughly 45% as flat revenue was offset by an increase in programming and production costs primarily as a result of the postponement of European football events, which moved from the second quarter into the third as a result of COVID-19. Looking ahead, we continue to expect third quarter and fourth quarter EBITDA combined to be down roughly 60%. with the fourth quarter impacted by the later return of the currencies of European football, the shift of other sports programming to the fourth quarter, investments in original programming and higher costs associated with the launch of our new UK entertainment channels. Wrapping up on slide 10, with free cash flow and capital allocation. free cash flow was $2.3 billion in the quarter, an increase of 10.5% year-over-year. Consolidated total capital, which includes CapEx as well as software and intangibles decreased 5.8% in third quarter to $2.9 billion, primarily driven by declines at NBCU, particularly parks, as well as at Cable. During the quarter and year-to-date, we refinanced $5.9 billion and $15.8 billion of debt respectively, ending the third quarter with a weighted average cost of debt of 3.6%. Finally, we remain committed to our longstanding balanced approach to capital allocation. Maintaining a strong balance sheet, investing organically for profitable growth, and returning capital to shareholders through a strong commitment to our recurring dividends, and eventual return to share repurchases. With that, Ill turn it back to Marci, who will lead the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Mike. Regina, lets open the call for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: First, Brian, could you talk a little bit about how you  your vision of the how you best monetize being an aggregator across a variety of media, traditional TV, streaming video apps, et cetera, outside of just being the broadband provider, and what are other ways youre considering to help monetize your position as the center of the consumer in the living room? And then on NBCU, it is surprising actually that you had a good  that you mentioned in the press release that youve had positive upfront given ratings weakness across the board for the whole industry, as well as lack of production. So, can you talk about some of the drivers there? Can streaming make up for the weakness in ratings? Its clear q4 will be weak. But what do you see beyond that? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Okay. theres a lot in there, Jessica. Let me start with the aggregation and broadband question. And then let Jeff and others talk about the upfront. Look, we think we have this three-pronged strategy that complement for each other, works together and basically ends up giving customers the best product, regardless of what segment theyre in, and broadband is definitely a central element of that. But aggregation in this world, as we know, as consumers that you want to flip back and forth between one streaming service and other streaming service, live television, YouTube, whatever it may be, and finding a way to have our entertainment platform and our voice commands, whether its in a smart TV, whether its in a box, and whether that is in frankly, the U.S. or in rest of the world, and in other providers. And so weve made great progress with aggregation in this quarter and in this year, named the service and youll see that its now either on the roadmap or very much being used, whether its NBC-driven content with peacock, weve now shown that we can market and make aware for our customers, we chose like a yellow stone that we may not have found on a different network that all of a sudden has zoomed to the top and thats before we get additional content like the office, and the Olympics and what have you. And so putting it all together, we see the tech companies and others with ambitions on having a relationship with our high-value customers, our 56 million high-value customers in aggregation, and who can do that the best with a voice and just say the words, I was literally watching last night Prime Show and switched to Netflix and then went back to NBC, all with just one click and with my voice. And so the innovation that our team has done, the seamless integration working with various content providers, weve made tremendous strides. Jeff, you want to talk a little bit about and therefore, Im sorry  to close out on monetization of that. Weve seen a number of ways and leads right into advertising, because its an ability to not only give you a good experience in charge, who are subscription fees, depending on what level of service it is. But in the case of Flex, whether its lower churn for our broadband, whether its additional advertising, with Zumo and on smart television platforms and other things we have on our roadmap, which are very exciting that continue to take these tools and find new ways to give them to customers, and thereby create additional value for the shareholders. Jeff, do you want to talk about the upfront?
Jeff Shell: Thanks, Brian. Thanks, Jessica. So obviously, the upfront was a very unusual upfront this year, Jessica, I mean, we didnt think a couple of months ago, there was even going to be an upfront this year. And the fact that there was one and it ended up being relatively normal and much stronger than we expected, was really good news for the whole business. We ended up kind of slightly up on price, which was we expected to be way down on price, we ended up slightly up on price, slightly down on volume. And as you mentioned, the big impact on advertising really is the ratings and the ratings is not just us. But everybody, because weve stopped production, who would normally have kind of our full schedule in high gear right now and were just starting those shows and we dont have a lot of new content. So, thats whats driving kind of the advertising, choppiness and declines. The flip side of that is it creates scarcity in the market. So, the market actually has pretty strong, because we have less rating points, we have more demand and a couple of the moves that weve made were kind of perfect timing. peacock, we talked about peacocks ad-driven platform, gives us an opportunity to sell where others dont really sell and we launched right into the strength of that scarcity. And then we also kind of consolidated all of our advertising under L'India a Torino [ph] one platform approach and we think that was also perfect timing, because it gives us the opportunity to kind of sell and address that scarcity across multiple platforms, so obviously, much  a much smaller upfront than the past, but much better than we expected.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse.
Brian Roberts: Doug, you may be on mute.
Operator: And I believe Dougs line has disconnected. our next question will come from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. can you hear me?
Brian Roberts: Yes.
Ben Swinburne: Okay, great. I guess two questions; on Cable or maybe just broadly, on entertainment for either Brian or Dave, Im wondering if you think about the video business, evolving from what youve been selling for decades, a package of linear networks to a bundle of apps, where youre basically taking a distribution fee against what the consumer pays, rather than earning a margin on bundle? And if you do what does that mean for the business and sort of how you think about investing in products and capital allocation et cetera? It seemed like a possible future in the not-too-distant future across Comcast and sky. And then for Jeff, theres a lot going on at NBC, to put it mildly. Im just wondering, if you could talk high level about what youre trying to accomplish, organizationally, from a restructuring point of view? How we should measure your success? And in particular, you mentioned in the prepared remarks, or Mike, did you think the parks will break-even at some point next year? Just maybe, thats a pretty interesting comment in the context of all the uncertainty if you could just talk a little bit more about that would be helpful. Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Why dont I help organize that this answer, because I think you touched on a little bit of everybody, and gives it some of the folks a chance to talk about the quarter. So, why dont we start with Dave to talk about video packaging, I would just add that I think weve seen this shift coming. I think Dave and the team have done an outstanding job of having connectivity platform and thinking of it that way. So that were ready for that shift, I dont think itll be all or nothing. I think its been highlighted here during COVID and people being at home as much. But fortunately, we were ready for that. I think Jeremy could talk a little about the kind of some of the different trends in Europe and how sky is preparing for that bundle of app world as you called it and youre right, the economics change, depending on what  we want to get ourselves to a position of indifference, where the consumer is driving, not the company and the consumer decides, where they want to rest and what package they want. The company finds itself in a  it has been the best product and a good set of economics. we may always have a preference over one versus the other naturally, but we want you to be satisfied as a consumer and make our long-term growth happen. And then obviously, Jeff can talk a little bit. And Mike, if you want on the  on all the definition of success, which I think is a great way to look at NBC. But Dave, why dont you take it up?
Dave Watson: Thanks, Brian. Hello, Ben. So, I think, clearly, the video marketplace is almost everyday evolving. From our perspective, we have invested in a video  broad video platform capability that, I think, gives us a lot of options and can give customers a lot of choice that we want to deliver to the customer what they want and a video experience. So, we segment the marketplace, we break it down. Weve been doing that for some time. And as Brian said, we anticipated a lot of these changes. So for customers that want the full experience, that want all the channels, that want the video on demand, DVR capability and apps, and as Brian talked about the ability to seamlessly connect all of that, we have that one. We also now, I think, are very uniquely positioned to go after the streaming segment with flex. And the best example, I think of our position in the marketplace with video, when you combine it with broadband; were surrounding broadband with a lot of video capability, and were streaming and peacock, were giving them the best of aggregation, rate streaming options. So, were going to break down the marketplace continue to compete, and deliver to customers what they want. So, I think that will continue word or we feel that this is a sustained competitive difference that we have, and well go to where the customer wants to go. And in terms of whether its more profitable outcome for us, then well be in different if they want streaming capability with flex, were going to be right there to deliver that.
Jeremy Darroch: And maybe Jeremy here, maybe Ill just chip in from sky. I think  I often think of it, I would split it to sort of supply side relationships, and then consumer side service. So, I think on supply side, when we see central step into our world, a good example would be for example, Disney, where we took a very high fixed cost long-term contract, and effectively turned it into an app. weve taken that cost out of our P&L and theyre getting a margin by selling Disney plus through sky. And then we could do something similar with Netflix, of course. And then we can take that money, and you will have a course through the P&L or invest some of it in an area like Sky Studios, where we can then scale about own originated content, which improves the customer experience and of course, its  which will variable and differentiates as well. when you get to the consumer side, really, theres virtually no change the experience, theres consumers want to continue to get all that contract on time to the sky user interface, we can deep link into offspring customers back efficiently, the sky interface is very, very easy to move around, as Brian said, with the growth and development invoice thats just becoming easier every day. So actually, we think we can complement the user experience very much and actually, get a much more flexible and more valuable set of cost structures. And then we can think of NOW TV as an addendum to that in a way just to target an additional part of the market that uses many of those contrast relationships, and allows us just to get to more customers in a different way. So thats how we think about bringing all of that together.
Jeff Shell: Brian, do you want me to jump in? This is Jeff.
Brian Roberts: Sure.
Jeff Shell: Okay. so Ben, thanks for the question, a lot in your questions. So, Ill try to just hit it really quickly. But first of all, just working backwards, definition of success, there is a lot going on in NBCUniversal. I really dont think the definition of success is any different than its ever been. our job is to be profitable, generate cash flow and generate long-term value for the company and thats how were kind of thinking about everything and its obviously a very changing world. So, you have to be nimble in doing that. But the measures of that are the same measures, as theyve always been in our view. And organizationally, I really think, were kind of through the execution of most of our restructuring, the costs will hit over the next kind of 12 months, theres about a third of them in this quarter. And then by the middle of next year, were kind of through the majority of them. And theyre designed for two things; one, we have an obligation as our revenue moves down to adjust our cost base, which Im proud of our team for doing across our whole company. But more importantly, we really realigned our TV organization under Mark Lazarus. It used to be in the TV world. you were very vertically oriented by network and you would say, oh, I need a show for this time period to go out and get a show for that time period. And every network kind of had their management team and staff, we realigned kind of dramatically, so that everything is one management group in the TV business under two great executives, Frances Berwick and Susan Rovner just joined us. And the idea now is to find great content and use our platform, which is in many ways better than anybody elses platform with all of our networks, not just linearly. but peacock, to take great platform and really maximize the value of it and Im very excited about it. It does result in a lot less cost. But I think more importantly, it sets us up to grow as the world changes. Turning the parks very quickly, parks are  obviously, its a very  parks are a great business. By the way, when the world returns and people get sick of being in their house, I really feel that were going to be a very strong business, nobody can tell the pace of how thats going to go, given whats happening. But so far, were rebounding fairly nicely in Florida and Japan, where were open. Our first priority always has been, always will be the safety of our guests and our employees. And Im proud of Tom Williams and the team there that theyve actually had a set of protocols that has resulted in us being open without any problem, whether its guests or employees and who knows how the future will bring. But the rebound is nice, is happening nicely. And if it continues in this way, we do expect, as Brian said, in the opening to hit breakeven, if not more at some time in 2021.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks, everybody.
Brian Roberts: I mean, Ben, to Jeffs point, it is obviously a statement about breakeven subject to how COVID evolves. But if it stays on sort of the trend that weve been seeing through this winter into next year, we would hope at some point to get there. And then youre circling back to your first question, Ben, I think theres no question that when you really look at the fact that and Brian said it earlier that with 56 million relationships around the globe, as weve talked about in the highest wireless markets for subscription services, whether they be broadband, or OTT video entertainment of any sort, were at the point-of-sale when people are choosing their broadband provider, where theyre providing what we think are the options anyway for the best aggregation services, with or without our own video packages. And if you think about it, from the perspective of anybody trying to launch a video streaming platform, we represent 56 million homes, where you want to be on our platform, and its worth it to share economics for us to promote and allow and I think, and thats what we already experienced today. So, theres no reason that wouldnt be A way of the future, not the only way, but A way of the future. And I think it just is even kind of more evident that the power of the platforms with the customers that we have, allows for the kind of launch the peacock had. I dont think its a mistake or that relates that 22 million signups does definitely relate at this stage to us having the relationship with the customer through both broadband and our aggregation products.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks, everybody.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Ben. I think we got them all. Regina, next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse.
Doug Mitchelson: Oh, thanks so much. You all have solved global voice activated video streaming, but I cant handle a phone mute button. one topic for Brian, one for Dave. Brian, one thing that seemed new to me this quarter, was your comment on licensing the Comcast Tech Stack internationally. And I think Ive heard some optimism regarding getting to nationwide in the U.S. Can you help us understand potential timing, or the impediments to new wholesale deals, particularly overseas? And you mentioned scale benefits beyond the healthy margins you get from licensee and Im curious how youd articulate those scale benefits of expanding that platform. And if I could for Dave, regarding wireless, Mike mentioned the company put in place a number of plans to accelerate growth in this business, if you wouldnt mind sharing some of those plans and why now, why leaning into that business at this point in time, and if that means anything about timing for breakeven for EBITDA and free cash flow for wireless. that would be helpful. Thank you, both.
Brian Roberts: Great. Im glad you figured out your tech issues. I dont want to suggest that theres a new news regarding the U.S. in terms of X1 licensing. What I think were referring to is or what Id like to refer to is just what it does when we do like than others and were in conversations all the time with companies, and the success that that business has had, which we havent talked about very much on these calls, its gotten to a pretty good size and it has a very healthy margin, and theres a lot of Canadian companies, Cox in the U.S. and the area that weve been focusing on is growing Sky and Xfinity closer together into one global Tech Stack, which then opens up the opportunity to do this now not just in North America, but also starting with Sky and were on a number of common architectures. And I think you will see in the future products roll out as a result of our ability to do that, and conversations that are being had to be able to now take that conversation more broadly. I think the most significant benefit, it certainly is the money that it brings in, but what that allows us to do in terms of scale is. So, we talked a lot about video here, we pivoted a lot of our innovation to broadband, in the last two, three, four years, and we saw this transformation coming. We saw how important broadband was going to become an even further become, and reinvent itself over and over again to have the best broadband quarter in the companys history, sitting here in 2020. When its a 20-year old product, give or take, its a pretty dramatic and amazing statement in my opinion. And thats because weve kept reinvesting what is broadband? What can it be, and going to WiFi that did not exist. Were now integrating that into your streaming, your aggregation, the things weve been talking about this morning. So, having the scale and the quality of talent on a global basis, to be able to recruit the best engineers, when again, we see a number of other companies wanting to enter this space, and/or lead expanding, not shrinking is I think, the greatest achievement and I give credit that we are expanding our footprint synthetically, if you will, through some of these other relationships with companies, who want to take all of our products, whatever they can become and theyve done that. And I think weve given them a great experience for their customers. And theyve been super supportive of our idea  of our technology team. Dave?
Dave Watson: Thanks, Brian. Hi, Doug. So, just one other comment on the Flex side of things with our partners. So, we have a really solid syndication business, great distribution partners. In the U.S., Canada, looking elsewhere and Flex most certainly is on the roadmap for all of our partners so. And it gives us the option of being able to work with device participants, smart TV folks, and others to be able to have it be a software solution. So, well look at all options going forward. In wireless, so were  in general, were pleased with where we are, in many quarters in a row, were delivering material amount of the net ads in our footprint. And so were on track, having said that with retail, we chose the shutdown to retail stores, and it could  chunk of the country that did have an impact. Weve reopened them, as Mike said, and we really feel that were committed to accelerating the wireless business, its a really important product for us going forward and it  well be focused not just on retail. We think digital still has great promise and were already seeing as we put our shoulder to bringing things back some real early stage success in terms of what mobile can do. The results again, still relatively early, but wed really like the retention benefits to broadband as we package them with it, a lot of options. We do triple play with mobile now. We use it to package just with broadband, very focused across all of our sales channels. And it really comes down to that, I mean, the three things that were focused on. One is that we have access to really great network with Verizon. We have the ability to cut across all technologies including 5F. So, well give the customers what they want there. We can leverage our own investment in the home with WiFi; outside the home with most of the broadband, the cell phone, smartphone traffic goes over our WiFi network. So, its a great combination of the two. And then over time, I think were going to be uniquely positioned to leverage the potential for building out in dense pockets wireless capability to give us a more efficient way of delivering mobile. So  but overall, we think that this is an important opportunity for us long-term, still feel that way, right on track with where we want to be. We want to be a little bit more aggressive and thats on the roadmap.
Doug Mitchelson: All right. thanks so much.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Doug. Regina, were ready for the next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett: Hi, two questions, if I could. Just I guess the most obvious impressing one is, where do you think all the broadband subscribers are coming from? I think as great as your results were, theyre even more surprising in that AT&T and Verizon also, both posted better than expected results. So, were obviously seeing enormous market expansion. Im just wondering what your sense is, of how much that is full of that is pull forward and where the subs are coming from? And then on the wireless side of the business, I wonder if you could just talk a little bit about what you see and expect to see in the iPhone cycle, given the promotionality that weve seen from in particular AT&T, what does that look like for you in the fourth quarter in terms of your customer acquisition costs?
Dave Watson: Well, Craig, Dave here. So in broadband, yes, let me start with what weve been seeing and weve been seeing consistent momentum now for a while. Well, before COVID its been rock solid in terms of this momentum is our focus. We, every day wake up to thinking about, how we, Brian mentioned, we innovate, go to market. So this is and were talking about a marketplace and perhaps speaks to across the board as all boats rise, but the markets growing, continues to grow and you look at our position at 51% penetration. Theres upside, a lot of upside. So, I look at where it comes from and the good news is, its been relatively consistent, maybe, a few new opportunities enter the picture through the COVID period, but its across the board in terms of where were taking share on the frontend combining that with record churn results in the net ads, but were taking share from Telco wired participants, DSL, MDU competitors, mobile providers, those kind of across the board in many different segments. So, a lot of opportunity in the formula, Craig is the  I think, the consistent one. We look to have a sustained competitive difference, delivering just a better product in the marketplace, better speed, better coverage, better feature capability. And now with streaming and then you combine that with Peacock, and other apps by the way, all the other apps that come connected by Flex. I think this is a really good long term competitive formula. So its across the board. Theres upside. Good runway for broadband, I believe going forward. Regards to wireless and Apple, were excited about their product launches. Were well positioned with 5G. And so as that begins to take off, early feedback were getting from prospects and customers existing customers, and its very solid. So, we get prepared just like everyone else. All the other carriers in terms of these launches work very closely with Apple, but we have a full supply chain plan, go to market approach. And so were we were optimistic about it. Its happening a little later in this year than last year. But thats okay, thatll just be a nice opportunity for later on the quarter into next year.
Craig Moffett: Thanks.
Marci Ryvicker: Regina, next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Philip Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip Cusick: Hey, guys. Thanks. Brian, real quick to follow-up on your wireless comment. You spent $400 million on an auction recently. And both you and Dave have mentioned options to build in wireless. Can you explain on your plans or maybe timing for building your own cellular network? And then Mike, can you give us an update on how the conversations are with rating agencies on leverage? It seems like if they look at things on a trailing basis, it could be some time before you get below the two and a half turn target. But if they consider in the LQA basis, we could get there in 2021 if parks are breakeven, what do you see there? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: So, let me on wireless. Let me have Dave a comment a little further. But I dont think we have any new news day on that question. We are trying to build optionality from a cost basis. We really wont get the product to receive, we hope that it would be you would note a difference, but what network youre on. We just want to have the best value with the best service. And we now have 5G, right at the same time as everybody who is a network operator, and so that thats how we spot ahead, I guess is the best way for me to answer that question. When we did the original MNVO relationship, we thought about things like what new technologies might come in the future and in this opportunity to and we have to respect that some of the auctions rules require us not to comment on things. So, we just look at it as creating options for the future for the company, when they have a value net value add to all of all the shareholders. David, that sound right to you?
Dave Watson: Yes, absolutely. Brian, I think, Phil, the main point is, we really like our current position. We have a go to market, were still unique in that and other cable partner target us the same thing, where you have by the gig, that unlimited options. So, we like our current position. And as you look to the future, as we look to the future, with the spectrum, then you have an opportunity to look at dense pockets of usage, and then just build a more efficient long-term delivery system. So, well  we dont have to rush to do that. Were going to  were looking at it from an engineering perspective. And well be opportunistic down the road. But right now, we really like our current position.
Philip Cusick: Thanks, Dave.
Mike Cavanagh: Phil its Mike. On the other question, I mean, I think obviously, as you said before, were very committed to the commitments that we made to the rating agencies and, therefore to the bondholders who support the balance sheet. So its our highest priority to get ourselves delevered, consistent with those commitments, and then get ourselves back to balance capital allocation, which were eager to have that include buybacks, as weve been talking about, no doubt. I think its premature to talk about, where the topic you raised and other ways to think about, how to think about our ability to support the debt through the lens of a rating agency is stuff that well talk about with them, as we see, COVID make a turn and the businesses that are heard on EBITDA front, really make their turn until then itd be premature to make any further comments.
Philip Cusick: Okay. Thanks guys.
Marci Ryvicker: Regina, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Okay, thanks, guys. Obviously, solid growth in Peacock, this quarter, is there anything you could tell us about usage or maybe daily average users? Or maybe the number of premium versus free subs? And then we know what content is resonated with viewers? Is it sports or entertainment or some of the originals or library anything you could tell that there would be great. And then more broadly, I guess its for Jeff or Brian, do you guys believe that NBC has the scale to compete effectively in D2C centric world obviously with the likes of Netflix, Amazon and Disney? You guys talk about that thatd be great. Thanks.
Jeff Shell: Hi, thanks, John, this is Jeff, Ill jump into that. So clearly, we  I think, we talked about the 22 million signups, which is great and way ahead of we thought wed be. If you look at, you just mentioned kind of a  were generally the majority of our advertising, our revenue was advertising. And theres three metrics that really go into it. Its how many people sign up? Its, its how many of them use it regularly we track kind of MAAs and monthly asked what counts, and then how often they use it, what the engagement is. And those 22 million obviously served as the top of the funnel, and were way ahead on the other two of what we projected to be and that obviously then translates to revenue. So, couldnt be more pleased with where we are. And were just seeing the effects of the Roku deals, by the way, just kicking in. So, we have lots of growth coming in amongst Roku customers going forward, because were just seeing the very beginnings of that effect on us. So, couldnt be more pleased with the content thats resonating. It really is interesting. Its kind of across the board. I mean, obviously Premier League Soccer has been an interesting driver for us. Some of our topical stuff, some of our NBC News product has been resonating. Brian mentioned, some of the shows that were able to get from other people, that they didnt necessarily discover on other platforms like Yellowstone, and recently Mr. Mercedes are resonating, but I think the  in general, if you look at the usage, the fact that we have such a deep library of familiar stuff, its kind of the opposite equivalent. We have stuff people are you want to watch, they want to, rewatch 30 Rock, they want to watch Dick Wolfs library, its really kind of across the board and very broad based, and with most of our programming strength coming in future quarters. Were really very optimistic. We dont even get the office, which is still amongst Netflix top shows until January exclusively. And then with the Olympics behind it, and back to Olympics behind it, to add to our sports strength, were very, very, very optimistic on how the content is resonating. Just more broadly, on direct-to-consumer. We have a  I do think we have the scale as a company to more than compete, I think we have the best platform. We have a content machine that can anon across our company. And then when you think about direct-to-consumer across our broader company, its not just Peacock, but Comcast and Sky both have, deep broad customer relationships. And that was, by the way, we took advantage of both when we launched Peacock, not just using Skys expertise to have a product that looks good and works really well. But also using Comcast, strength on the X1, one platform and Flex to really drive Peacock we launched. But more broadly across the company, we have things like, Fandango and Rotten Tomatoes and lots of different ways that we reach customers directly. So, we think, I think we have, more than enough scale, both in our content, and across the broader company and the way that we reach consumers. So, I dont know, Brian, if you want to add anything?
Brian Roberts: No, I think thats an excellent answer and a good way to end the call. I think going back to a question was asked earlier, whats your definition of success? I think youve just laid out, its looking across the whole company. And Peacock is a fantastic example of just in this  just from quarter-to-quarter, amazing progress. And it tells me all parts of the company and their roadmaps are ahead. So this one example, really good quarter, and we look forward to giving you more engagement stats, and everything else as we go. My  theres a race on. And we did really well in the last 90 days and the last 180 days in that race, my strategy that has been laid out here, which for a lot less money, and a lot less risk to our core company, changing the financial characteristics, and yet giving us that potential. Now have many customers having the Peacock app signed up. What can we do to get that engagement and usage up? Thats a thats over the next 10 years and life over the long term of once you once you get that real estate. So were going to continue that race. Weve got some great content ahead to get people have yet to try Peacock, play with it. And when you get there, its got to work really well. And thats where that experience from Sky and X1 and doing user interfaces paid off. So, well keep focused on it. And thanks for all the questions and the conversation. Marci back to you.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks. Thanks, John. So that concludes our third quarter 2020 earnings call. Thank you for joining us. I wish you all of you well.
Operator: There will be a replay available of todays call starting at 12 oclock PM Eastern Time. It will run through Thursday, November 5 at midnight Eastern Time. The dial in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 3090648. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the companys website beginning at 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating you may all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note, that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead, Ms. Ryvicker.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call to provide a detailed review of our results and answer analysts' questions are Brian Roberts and Mike Cavanagh, as well as Dave Watson, Jeff Shell and Jeremy Darroch. Let me first refer you to slide two, which contains our safe harbor disclaimer. I remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian Roberts. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marci. I'd like to start by wishing all of you well, and I hope that you are safe and settled in for what feels like a new normal, at least for the balance of this year. While none of us has a perfect crystal ball and we don't know the path this virus might take, I could really not be prouder of how our teams across Comcast Cable, NBCUniversal and Sky are together managing our business. The response has been extraordinarily fast and effective. Our products and brands continue to resonate strongly with our customers across all segments and all geographies. This, combined with the unwavering efforts of our employees, produce second quarter financials that highlight the strength and resilience of our company. It starts with Xfinity, the core of the company, whose fantastic results continue to be fueled by our best-in-class broadband business, which experienced record low churn for yet another quarter while connects remained healthy. The consistency of these results confirm that our strategy and corresponding investments are working. We offer differentiated products and services and a fantastic customer experience, all of which we are delivering even more efficiently. Considering that NBCU and Sky are facing certain pressures that are momentary and unique to some of their businesses, I think we are performing incredibly well. Despite theme park and theater closures and most sports having been paused, we continue to transact. And more importantly, we are innovating as we position these businesses for continued market leadership and the return to strong long-term growth. From a broader perspective, Comcast is truly in an enviable position. We have an amazing portfolio of companies that are each successfully taking advantage of the evolving ecosystem, and together, creating complementary capability, technology platform and a global footprint. All of this is led by our extremely flexible and robust broadband network, which is the foundation of our connectivity-centric relationship with residential/commercial customers and heavily supports our other services, including video aggregation and mobile. With NBCU and Sky, we have some of the most valuable global content, whether it's news, entertainment or sports. And we are leaning into streaming. This starts with what is now our valuable 1/3 ownership position in Hulu and is enhanced with Peacock, our own ad-supported service whose nationwide launch earlier this month exceeded our high expectations. In fact, as of today, we already have 10 million sign-ups. With these and many other drivers of growth, I am so excited about where we are headed. While our second quarter results were better than we previously forecasted, the reality is they only represent a 90-day snapshot. In the months ahead, there's going to be a lot of noise, if you will, in the quarterly numbers, which will not be unique to Comcast. As usual, we will continue to be transparent so as to help you navigate the near-term complexities of our business. But we also want to provide a deeper understanding into what I believe is the underlying strength of our company and how we're managing each business for the long term beyond the effects of COVID. For that reason, we have changed the format of this call and have asked Dave, Jeff and Jeremy to comment in more detail about their plans for the future, specifically how they intend to tackle both the different challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. They will then be followed by Mike, who will take you through our second quarter results. As you'll hear, we're playing offense, working together like never before and using our combined capabilities, our scale, our brands, our talent, our technology and our investment-grade balance sheet to ensure that we remain a leader in our markets and that we deliver superior long-term value for our shareholders. With that, I'd like to start with Dave.
Dave Watson: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone. First of all, I am extremely proud of the entire team and how we're working together to handle the pandemic. Our employees have been nothing short of remarkable, moving quickly and effectively to a new way of working, and we continue to execute at the highest level. The investments we made over the years, particularly in broadband, are proving themselves out, whether it's the network, which is performing extremely well when reliability is even more important; or our digital tools, which have been instrumental during this time of need. Our focus remains on broadband as we continue to keep people connected and informed, as evidenced by our 323,000 high-speed Internet customer additions this quarter. This was the best second quarter in 13 years. It does not even include over 600,000 additional high-risk or free Internet essentials customers that still receive our service but were not included in reported results. We'll only count these customers once they are in paid status. We are committed to finding new ways to help all of our customers, especially those hardest hit during these challenging times. We extended our 60-day free Internet essentials offer, and we are keeping our 1.5 million out-of-home, public WiFi hotspots available for free through the end of this year. In addition, our assistance programs allow us to work closely with those customers having trouble paying their bills. We're pleased with how all of this is going and believe our approach has been the right one for us and for our customers. COVID-19 is, of course, having a significant impact on small and medium businesses as well, but we've seen some modestly positive trends, especially in terms of new connects as markets open up across our footprint. Throughout it all, we kept our focus on how to position our businesses to win for the long term. We're excited for the future, and we will come out of this even stronger. Let me outline our top three areas of focus right now. Our number 1 priority remains broadband. With only 50% of the homes and businesses in our footprint taking our data products, there is plenty of room for growth as we continue to gain share of an expanding market. We are optimistic about the runway ahead, and we will continue to invest in our broadband network to ensure we have great reliability as well as product innovation. It's much more than speed. Our customers find value in our gateways, the management and control that xFi enables, coverage with our xFi pods and most recently, Flex. We took the creative energy that we focused on video and have applied it to broadband. We've got the best product and best innovation engine out there, and we're leaning in. We're also very focused on customer retention, and our churn remains at all-time lows. With new products like Mobile and Flex, we give our customers additional opportunities to find even more value in our data service and drive retention to record levels. Additionally, on the connectivity side, we feel very good about the future growth and business services. We're taking care of our existing customers and continue to take share. We're still the challenger. With a great product set, marketing and sales strategy and customer care, we are in a great position to win. Second, we will continue to lean into our digital applications and raise awareness with our customers. We had been on a great path, but with the current environment, this gave us an opportunity to accelerate that. We integrated our Xfinity Assistant into help and support online, build new capabilities and entry points across the unassisted ecosystem. And the result of our efforts is that consumer awareness and use of our digital applications are at all-time highs and are having a meaningful impact on the business, driving record achievements across many key operating metrics, including customer call-in rates, digital interactions and churn, to name a few. In fact, we've seen more than a 15% increase in the percentage of transactions that we can complete digitally. I'm also particularly pleased with the progress we've made in our NPS scores, which have seen a dramatic improvement over the last few months and well exceeded our own aggressive targets, hitting our highest scores in the company's history. The incredible acceleration we drove in the last few months has set us up very well for the future and put us far ahead of our plan. This transformation will allow us to continue to take unnecessary costs out of the business while delivering a better experience for our customers. Third, video is still a core product and component of our packaging, and its platform is strategically important to us. We will continue to evolve our strategy around video, but our goal is to always enhance the long-term value of the customer relationship. Some customer segments, that is done with a great video package at a great value with X1, voice remote and all of the innovation we put into making that a great product. But we're not subsidizing video for those that don't value it from us. We are very focused on maximizing the EBITDA per customer relationship and lifetime value of each customer. For others, that means offering them the best broadband service with the Flex platform so they have the brains and power behind X1 to navigate the streaming video they choose. In both cases, we're adding to the customer experience, helping reduce churn on the broadband product and cementing a deeper relationship. The launch of Peacock and Hulu on X1 and Flex as well as swing on Flex are all part of doing just that: enhancing the value through our technology and bringing choice to our customers. Mike will go through the more detailed financial results, but from what I see today, the trends at work as we remain focused on connectivity and not chasing unprofitable video, together with a consistent discipline on expenses, to be confident in our long-term ability to drive margins higher. Margins may ebb and flow depending on programming renewal cycles, but the factors at play are all moving in the right direction. At the same time, I don't see any changes in the CapEx intensity trajectory even as we continue to innovate and make the appropriate high-return investments in our network. We have proven once again how important that investment is. Our network rose to the challenge of the surge in traffic this spring. And we will continue to invest to stay ahead of demand and differentiate our services. With that, I turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Shell: Thanks, Dave. The effect of the pandemic have obviously influenced every single business at NBCUniversal, but given the circumstances, I'm pleased with our results for the second quarter. At the moment, NBCUniversal is really the tale of three cities, with parks, film and television all facing very different and unique challenges. Let me briefly comment on H1. Starting with theme parks, where the financial impact has been the most significant and immediate and the operational challenge is the most daunting. As you know, by March, we had shut down all of our theme parks along with the construction of our theme park in Beijing a month earlier. Our talented team, working with local government authorities, have been working hard to get us back open. We were able to resume construction in Beijing in April, and remarkably, we remain on budget and on track to open in mid-2021. In Florida, we opened in early June with industry-leading protocols in place at significantly reduced capacity. And in Japan, we opened with similar protocols and capacity a few days later. While attendance in both locations is much lower than our typical summer levels, we are still doing better financially than if we were closed. And even more importantly, our guest satisfaction scores are at record highs. Unfortunately, a park here in California remains closed with no time table at the moment to reopen. As is typical in past downturns, the road back will be gradual and bumpy, but I'm confident that this business will return to its historical levels of financial performance. In the meantime, we are continually adjusting our cost base and capital spend, including pausing development of our Epic Universe project in Florida, for example, until the future becomes more certain. Now let me turn to our film business. In some ways, the film business has been impacted as dramatically as our theme park business as we completely shut down production and stopped releasing films in March. Due to the timing of revenue and expenses in the film business, however, the financial effects are not as immediate. In fact, since we are not spending as much money on production or marketing and continue to enjoy revenues from past years' slates, the immediate financial impact is actually positive. But obviously, making and releasing films is our lifeblood, so it's anything but positive, and the negative financial effects will be felt in coming years, particularly 2021. Fortunately, our strong management team in film has been pioneers in getting our production up and running again. We started several films, including Jurassic World in the U.K. in the past few weeks and continue full steam ahead on our important animation slate. And of course, they've also been pioneers in pursuing new distribution models. Our release of Trolls World Tour and King of Staten Island and other titles on premium video-on-demand exceeded our expectations and had a significant positive impact in the quarter and led to our groundbreaking partnership that we signed with AMC earlier this week. We've always believed that PVOD can be a complement rather than a replacement for a robust theatrical release. And I commend Adam Aron at AMC for his vision that together, we can build a new, more attractive business model for us both. Finally, let me spend a few minutes on our television and streaming businesses. As you can see in our results, even though scripted television production ceased in March similar to film, our talented alternative and late night teams have continued to find ways of getting us fresh content. While the advertising market was hit hard, it is coming back more rapidly than we anticipated, and the upfront is now in full swing. We believe we can get our scripted production going again later this summer, and when combined with sports that are returning, we will have a full schedule of fresh and compelling programming on our various platforms in the fall. Our news group, now under the leadership of Cesar Conde, has been a real source of pride for us in the past few months. Our networks, not just NBC, MSNBC and CNBC but also Telemundo and our local stations, have not only generated strong ratings but have provided a critical lifeline to our viewers isolated at home. I want to thank our brave journalists who report from the office and out in the field. Finally, it is said that prices fees tend to accelerate and exacerbate trends that are already happening. And that is certainly true in the television business, where viewership is rapidly shifting from linear to nonlinear. A few months ago, we combined our television and streaming businesses under Mark Lazarus, which will allow us to more rapidly shift our resources and investment from linear to streaming. Mark is finalizing a new structure that will demonstrate the unique way we intend to manage this business going forward. We will announce the structure soon. The most important development for NBCUniversal in the second quarter was our launch of Peacock, and we could not be more pleased. We launched it in Comcast homes back in April and nationwide two weeks ago, and we have already surpassed 10 million sign-ups. Not only are more people signing up than we projected, but they are watching more frequently and engaging much longer than we projected. The technology has worked seamlessly, and the service is improving on a daily basis. With much of our strong programming coming in January, including the exclusive rights to The Office, we feel very encouraged. So I obviously didn't expect my first six months on the job to be anything like this, with basically the whole company working from home and large parts of our business not operating. But if there is a silver lining, it has been in the performance of our talented leadership team who, from the beginning, made the difficult and bold decisions required by this unprecedented time. As a result of their work, I'm confident we will come out the other side of this, positioned very strongly. Now let me turn it over to Jeremy.
Jeremy Darroch: Thank you, Jeff. Now at Sky, COVID-19 has certainly posed near-term challenges to our business with the delay of sports, pressure on D2C sales and a tough macro environment for advertising. But the strategies we've implemented to manage through the crisis have proved incredibly successful. We worked with our customers, pausing subscriptions where it made the most sense, especially for those on sports products that tend be sold separately. And this resulted in retention of 99% of our total customers and over 95% of our sports space as the loyalty throughout the quarter remained at record levels and viewership on Sky's own branded channels was significant. Sky Cinema, Sky basic channels and Sky News increased 29% year-on-year, and we're ahead of free-to-air and partner channels in Sky homes. And as sports returned to see, we've achieved some of the highest viewing levels we've seen in 10 years, especially in football. We're also reducing operating expenses while still maintaining good momentum in our key initiative, which is Sky Q, which is now in close to 50% of customers' homes or over 10 percentage points higher year-on-year, and the successful launch of Sky broadband in Italy, utilizing Comcast xFi technology. We closed the quarter much stronger than we started, with employees both in corporate and in the field returning to work safely and D2C sales starting to improve. Sports package upgrades are on track with our plan, and we are outperforming in nonlinear advertising. We continue to face near-term COVID-related challenges as the linear TV advertising market remains depressed. The pub and club sector is slow to recover. We are working closely with our customers, and we're encouraged by consistent month-to-month improvement in that segment. We're operating well throughout the period. And as we continue on this path to recovery, we've got one priority. That's to grow our revenue base to restart sustained growth. And to do that, we'll focus on building our trading momentum across both TV and communications. We'll continue to deliver our strategic plan to Sky Q, Sky Studio and broadband in Italy. We'll lower cost through restructuring of our operating model, and we'll close the remaining contract renewals due this year in line with or even ahead of our plan. We are also implementing a new leaner operating model for the business, which will be more centrally led. Now all of this will be anchored by our business in the U.K. that will come from a combination of growth in our existing direct-to-consumer brands as well as new market opportunities. In the U.K., our Sky TV business remains very healthy as we offer the strongest aggregation platform, the best range of content and the most innovative and flexible product experience in the market. In addition, our NOW TV streaming business is well set to continue to deliver strong growth by adding new Pay TV customers as well as increasingly upselling more content tiers to our existing base. Sky Broadband, which is already the number 2 ISP in the U.K., has significant opportunity for continued growth through our network partnerships and strong brand over the coming years. Our newest business, Sky Mobile, is now EBITDA positive only three years after launch, and we expect to increase profitability as we continue to scale. Later this year, we'll debut our broadband product to businesses in the U.K. ahead of a full launch in 2021. Now we have 0 share of this adjacent $15 billion addressable market, we already have got strong brand recognition, and we're fully leveraging the talent, experience and other capabilities of Comcast's successful Business Services division. In Continental Europe, our markets remain less developed but with strong growth potential. And while we have good market positions in both Germany and Italy, we will significantly broaden our offering of pay content by rolling out the channel portfolio that's been developed in the U.K. They're all out of broadband in Italy, benefiting from the xFi product ecosystem from Comcast will provide a strong stand-alone profit opportunity as well as leveraging our ability to cross-sell and bundle all of our TV services more effectively in this market, of course, underpinned by the trusted Sky brand. We've already achieved good success with this approach in the U.K. And across all of our markets, we're executing a range of opportunities to increase our efficiency and control costs while continuing to enhance our products and services, especially as part of the broader Comcast group. Our U.K. business will continue its disciplined cost strategy, We've held SG&A flat from the past five years and will advance further into automation, digital and advanced analytics. Alongside this, we are rightsizing what has proved to be too high a cost base in sport has not been supported by the growth we've seen in subscriber. We'll be more selective with the store we buy and don't buy. For example, adding exclusive Formula one in Germany, which will unlock a new segment of sports fans that we haven't previously served. Recently, we concluded important new agreements with Discovery and Sony at attractive terms, we renewed our Bundesliga contract at materially lower cost, we launched new Sky entertainment channels for strong customer approval, and we introduced simplified packaging and pricing in Germany. All of these will deliver important benefits to the business longer term. In total, the significant operational changes we have on board, combined with what is an already extremely strong brand and market position, should in 2020 put us on a path to more than double our EBITDA over the next several years. We don't expect to get that overnight, but our goals are all based on opportunities that are already either in market today or are already well advanced, whether that be in product development, content creation or organizational change. Sky is well positioned, and we're looking forward to executing on the opportunity we have before us. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks, Jeremy, and good morning, everyone. Now I'll review our second quarter 2020 results and offer some commentary on the current conditions in our businesses, with the caveat that circumstances around us remain fluid, and therefore, our outlook is subject to change at any time. Beginning on slide four with our consolidated results; revenue decreased 11.7% to $23.7 billion. Adjusted EBITDA decreased 9.1% to $7.9 billion. Free cash flow generated in the quarter was $6 billion, and adjusted earnings per share decreased 11.5% to $0.69. Second quarter financials reflected strong results in cable, which were more than offset by declines at NBCUniversal as well as an increase in corporate and other losses due to Peacock costs and severance and restructuring costs related to organizational changes at NBCUniversal and an increase in eliminations due to the licensing of content between NBCUniversal and Peacock. Excluding the severance and restructuring costs, consolidated adjusted EBITDA would have declined in the mid-single-digit range. Now let's turn to our business segment results, starting with Cable Communications on slide five. For the second quarter, cable revenue was relatively flat at $14.4 billion, while EBITDA increased 5.5% to $6.2 billion and EBITDA less capital increased 11% to $4.4 billion. Cable Communications revenue was impacted by adjustments accrued for customer RSN fees. Excluding the impact of accrued customer RSN fee adjustments, Cable Communications revenue would have risen by 1.4% with no corresponding impact to EBITDA. We generated 217,000 customer relationship net additions in the quarter, a 43% increase year-over-year and the best second quarter on record with strength driven by our high-margin connectivity businesses. Together, residential high-speed Internet and business services generated 323,000 broadband customer net additions, which excludes over 600,000 additional high-risk or free Internet essentials customers that still receive our services and marks the best second quarter result in 13 years. High-speed Internet revenue increased 7.2% to $5 billion. Excluding the impact of accrued RSN fee adjustments for the customers taking bundled services, high-speed Internet revenue would have been up close to 9%. Business services revenue grew 3.6% to $2 billion despite a 24,000 net loss in customer relationships this quarter, which was within our expectations of the impact from COVID-19. Turning to video; revenue declined 3.2% to $5.4 billion, with higher rates more than offset by a 477,000 loss in video subscribers. Excluding accrued RSN fee adjustments, video revenue would have declined by 1.2% and video ARPU would have grown by 4.1% year-over-year. Wireless revenue increased 33.9% to $326 million driven by 126,000 additional lines, resulting in 2.4 million total lines as of quarter end. These results reflect the significant impact of our decision to close the majority of our retail stores during the second quarter in the interest of keeping our customers and employees safe. Advertising revenue decreased 30% to $428 million, reflecting reduced advertiser spend due to COVID-19. Turning to expenses; Cable Communications second quarter expenses decreased 4%, with programming expenses down 5% primarily as a result of the accrued RSN fee adjustment. Without these adjustments, programming expenses would have increased by 1.5%. Non-programming expenses declined 3.4% due to a slowdown in business activity directly resulting from COVID in addition to the implementation of longer-term cost efficiencies. Cable Communications EBITDA grew by 5.5% and margin reached 42.8%, reflecting 230 basis points of year-over-year improvement. While accrued RSN fee adjustments had no impact on EBITDA, they did impact our margins. Excluding the impact of accrued RSN fee adjustments, margins would have expanded by 170 basis points year-over-year. Cable capital expenditures decreased 8.9%, resulting in CapEx intensity of 10.1%, an improvement of 90 basis points year-over-year driven by lower spending on customer premise equipment, partially offset by higher spending on scalable infrastructure, which continues to increase due to our ongoing investment in the network. I'll now touch a bit on what we're seeing so far in the third quarter. We are very pleased that residential high-speed data net adds are off to a solid start in July. We expect residential high-speed Internet revenue growth to accelerate from that of the second quarter as we benefit from the high subscriber contribution we experienced in the first half of the year, combined with a lesser impact from our proactive response to COVID-19. While we anticipate third quarter business services revenue growth will moderate as a result of the subscriber losses we experienced in the second quarter, we are already seeing sequential albeit modest improvement in net additions. On the video side, we expect subscriber net losses in the third quarter to be somewhat similar to what we saw in the second quarter resulting primarily from lower connects due to a combination of several factors, such as the lingering effects of the rate increases we took at the beginning of this year, the overall economic pressures resulting from COVID-19 and our limited ability to perform in-home installations. Turning to our outlook for expenses and margins; for programming costs, we continue to expect underlying increases in the second half of 2020 as a result of anticipated programming renewals, which will be somewhat offset by potential additional RSN fee adjustments in the third quarter. I remind you that accrued RSN fee adjustments should have no impact on our overall EBITDA results. For non-programming costs, we expect year-over-year declines to moderate in the second half of the year as business activity starts to pick up. Given our first half results, combined with our outlook for the back half of this year, we now expect full year cable EBITDA margins to improve by up to 100 basis points year-over-year versus our prior guidance of up to 50 basis points of year-over-year improvement. We also expect our full year CapEx intensity to improve by up to 100 basis points year-over-year versus our prior guidance of approximately 50 basis points of improvement. Now I'll turn to NBCUniversal's results on slide six. Revenue for the second quarter declined 25.4% to $6.1 billion, while EBITDA was down 29.5% to $1.6 billion. Cable Networks revenue was down 15% to $2.5 billion as a 15% decline in distribution revenue and a 27% decline in advertising revenue was somewhat offset by a 23% increase in content licensing and other, which includes transactions with Peacock. Distribution revenue was adversely impacted by accrued RSN fee adjustments. Without such adjustments, distribution revenue would have declined in the low-single-digit range. Second quarter Cable Networks EBITDA grew 3.5% primarily due to the shift of sports rights amortization costs into the third quarter. Turning to Broadcast; revenue declined 1.6% to $2.4 billion as the 28% decline in advertising revenue more than offset the 9.2% growth in distribution and other, which was driven by re-trans, and the 59% growth in content licensing, which again includes transactions with Peacock. Second quarter Broadcast EBITDA grew 20% as declines across the majority of our cost base related to the general slowdown in business activity and specific savings initiatives were able to fully offset the lower revenue. Film revenue in the second quarter declined 18% due to the closure of theaters and cinemas throughout the pandemic, which was partially offset by about 20% growth in content licensing due to the success of our PVOD titles. Film EBITDA for the quarter grew 25% primarily due to lower advertising, marketing and promotion expense. Theme parks generated revenue of $87 million and an EBITDA loss of $399 million. Late in the quarter, both Universal Orlando Resort and Universal Studios Japan reopened with the appropriate safety protocols and associated attendance restrictions, while Universal Studios Hollywood remains closed. Now let's move to Sky results on slide seven. As a reminder, I will be referring to Sky's growth rates on a constant currency basis, consistent with what's reflected in our earnings release. For the second quarter, Sky revenue decreased 12.9% to $4.1 billion, while EBITDA was relatively flat at $749 million. As expected, our results were impacted by the postponement of a significant number of sporting events. This postponement was the primary driver of the 6.7% decline in direct-to-consumer revenue and a 36% decline in content revenue. Additionally, the lack of sports on the air contributed to the 41% decline in advertising revenue, which was also impacted by a weak macro environment as well as the change in legislation relating to gambling advertisement in the U.K. and Italy, which we will begin to lap in the third quarter. Looking ahead, customer trends are improving as home installation activity has restarted and sports have returned. And as Jeremy mentioned, we were able to successfully retain the vast majority of our total customer base, including those who take sports. That said, we continue to monitor the overall linear TV advertising market in our pubs and club sector, which are likely to remain under pressure for the remainder of this year. We continue to experience a shifting of sporting events, both football and non-football, that it's likely to create near-term volatility in our quarterly results particularly on the cost side. While we expect revenue declines to moderate as we move through the year, sports rights amortization will be highest in quarters that air the most events. Given a slightly later return of European football than we originally expected and the shift of other sports programming later into the year, we now expect that the majority of the expense impact will occur over the next two quarters. Importantly, we were able to secure rebates related to this disruption to our sports programming, which we will benefit from over several years. We have also resumed the investment activity that had paused as a result of COVID-19, such as acceleration of Sky Q, the launch of broadband in Italy, and expansion of our Sky entertainment channels. Based on our current visibility, we now expect Sky EBITDA for the third and fourth quarters combined to decline roughly 60% year-over-year with a more significant decline in the fourth quarter. Wrapping up on slide eight with free cash flow and capital allocation; free cash flow was $6 billion in the quarter, an increase of 40.5% or $1.7 billion. The year-over-year comparison is affected by the COVID-19-related delay in tax payments from the second quarter to the third quarter of 2020. Consolidated total capital, which includes CapEx as well as software and intangibles, decreased 4.2% in the second quarter to $2.7 billion primarily driven by declines at cable as well as at NBCU. Finally, we continue to remain committed to our long-standing balanced capital allocation approach of maintaining a strong balance sheet, investing organically for profitable growth and returning capital to shareholders through a strong commitment to our recurring dividend and eventual return to share repurchases. With that, I'll turn it back to Marci, who will lead the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Mike. Dorothy, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne: Good morning, thanks for all the color this morning, very helpful. Two questions. Dave, you talked about more than just speed being a driver for the data success. So I wanted to ask particularly about Flex because it's sort of an interesting product that leverages both your investments in connectivity and video. What is that product doing in the market today? Anything you could share with us? What does that business look like to you over the course of time? What's sort of the road map to make that a more substantial driver of the overall business? And then, for Jeff. What are the implications of this premium video-on-demand agreement with AMC? And what I mean by that is, obviously, it's helpful during the COVID period to have this flexibility. But is this a big benefit to the film business in NBC long term? And do you need more than just the U.S. and AMC to make it to maximize the benefits?
Dave Watson: Ben, this is Dave. I'll start off and then hand it over to Jeff. So as you said, the broadband we think we've redefined what great broadband is, and it goes beyond speed. And it's helped our momentum, I think, quite a bit. For many quarters now, we've grown. And as everything has changed here the fundamentals, I think, of this repositioning of the category that hasn't changed. So we're the market is growing. We're taking share across the board. And in addition to speed, we're very focused on coverage, control, and as you said, now with streaming and Flex. So we made it simple, a very straightforward value proposition with Flex included with the broadband relationship. And we're using it, again, to remind everyone, in a targeted basis to go after the streaming segment. But we're not bashful about leading with it to this segment. So it is very much part of the broadband experience. And it's still early, but as I said in my earlier comments that it really does it's a result of the innovation around X1, with all the capability: the voice for remote, the metadata integration that takes all of these different apps and combines them and makes it easier for the consumer. So it's early, so we're not giving out the specifics in terms of the actual monthly users, but I would tell you, it's very encouraging. Customer feedback just in terms of the experience has been really strong. And so we look at this as a very broad platform that helps this particular segment as we segment the different base. So I think it's a catalyst for broadband. We designed it to, I think, help broadband retention. Early results point towards that. And we do think the way that we define success over time will be engaged Flex users, people that are just on it and using it. And for those customers that are very active, the consumption is very good on this platform and will act as a substantial offset to some of the video losses. So we're real pleased with the start of Flex. More to come over time.
Jeff Shell: Thanks, Dave. Let me jump in on the question on the AMC deal, Ben. So a couple of implications. I think long term, the we've always believed that there is a segment of the population out there going, and there's a segment of the population out there that just doesn't go to movie theaters. And this structure with AMC allows us to take advantage of people who do go to movie theaters, 17 days of exclusivity at minimum for theaters. But very soon after in the same marketing window, we can tap into that very large audience that doesn't go to movie theaters and right now is just going to SVOD to watch movies. So and that's within the kind of the marketing window of the giant marketing we spend traditionally on movies that go to theatrical. So we think the structure allows us to tap into that incremental revenue stream, allowing AMC to share in a little bit and other exhibitors, and at the same time, preserve that theatrical window, which is so critical to the film business. As you mentioned, it's U.S. only, although we have a deal with AMC to look into other international territories. And obviously, this is going to be a territory. We had territory type of look at this. We still need theatrical and need different business models in other markets. Shorter term, one of the implications of this, I'm hoping, is that we currently are stuck in a bit of a chicken-and-the-egg situation in the theatrical business, where movie studios like ours don't want to release movies into theaters when we will have only a smattering of theaters open. We need a pretty robust amount of theaters open to justify our spend. But the booth side exhibitors can't open a bunch of theaters that they don't have any new movies to put in. Old library movies are not going to drive people to movie theaters. So we think this model will actually allow movies to come back to theaters when it's safe a lot more quickly than they would have in the current environment. So those are just some implications.
Brian Roberts: I just want to add one thing. This is Brian. But I think you were touching on, obviously, a critical set of subjects here. The company is really trying to lean into streaming. And we are, I think, somewhat uniquely positioned to do this in ways different. Obviously, we're a very EBITDA-focused company, and there are other ways to build new businesses and enhance our strong cash flows. And so if you look at what you just heard, Flex is all about helping broadband, but we've been able to put Peacock as a very important part of it. Now we're going to have more streaming of films. We use NOW TV, a technology from Sky and they're already streaming relationships. So we want to remain relevant to customers so that user interface, part of the answer on Flex, allows you to stream across many properties that aren't Comcast content or NBCUniversal or Sky content. It's, we think, the best interface around. And that same team is part of that team is helping build Peacock with Matt Strauss and other people. So I'm pretty excited that as the world is transitioning, broadband is the center of making a lot of that possible. And now we can bolt on a whole bunch of content and interfaces and hopefully do that in a way that customers really enjoy, and that's what's been happening so far.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks, Brian.
Marci Ryvicker: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. A question for Dave and Jeff as well. Dave, on the 600,000 subscribers that were at risk or free Internet and essential customers. I'm trying to understand how much of that was 2Q activity versus that bucket at the end of March already having some customers in it, because it certainly looked like a strong 2Q quarter, and maybe it was even stronger if a lot of that 600,000 was potential 2Q activity. And then for Jeff, I wanted to follow up further on PVOD. Obviously, a hot topic today. Does a new, more attractive business model for Universal, if you're able to get the rest of the theater companies on board, mean you'll make more movies for theatrical release or just make more money on the same number of movies that you're releasing and sort of lock in your business model and your incentive to invest what you invest in movies? And any further thoughts on the 17-day window? I think that's what surprised a lot of folks. I think a lot of us were focused on a 30-day window. Are you confident that the theater business will be healthy enough to provide your movies, particularly your blockbusters, enough distribution in the future given the risk on a 17-day window pushing a lot of movie viewing to in-home?
Dave Watson: Doug, Dave. I'll start and hand it over to Jeff. So the 600,000 customers reflects a combination of free Internet essentials customers and a reserve that we set up for the high-risk customers that are in a non-pay status but are still receiving service. So there to answer your question, there was some of that happened in Q1. It rolled into Q2 and probably a bit more in Q2 than Q1 for sure. And to clarify what we said and Mike said earlier in the remarks, we're only going to count these customers when they convert to paying status. So we have a very good operational plan. We're going to constantly work with customers throughout, including these customers. So it's early to predict the conversion rate, but that's just a little bit more perspective on that base.
Mike Cavanagh: It's Mike. I'll just jump in, Doug. I think that number, the 600, was, call it roughly 1/3 the size at the beginning of the quarter.
Jeff Shell: Let me jump in. This is Jeff. Yes, let me jump in on PVOD, Doug. So what was happening to the movies, movies are obviously critical across our whole distribution channel. Movie consumption on Peacock, for example, has been higher than we thought it would be and really across all of our platforms. So as things transition, as Brian talked about, the streaming movies are life. But the problem is that over the last couple of years, it's been more increasingly difficult to generate the same returns over the first couple of windows, and that has put a lot of pressure on our model. So I we believe that this new model in the U.S. and hopefully other places will restore some of those economics for us to allow us to probably not make more movies but to keep our production levels the same as they've been in the past. While at the same time remember, AMC and hopefully other exhibitors will be sharing in the new revenue stream, which will hopefully keep their business a little healthier because they're under a lot of stress right now. And on the 17 days, that is 17 days is means the Monday after the third weekend is when movies will be available on PVOD at a minimum. It's important to remember that, that's a minimum. So I fully anticipate some movies will stay in theaters exclusively a lot longer than 17 days if we're having a good theatrical run. And some movies, for example, King of Staten Island with Judd Apatow is a perfect example of the kind of movie that can thrive in this kind of model because it would do well theatrically. But for most people, watching it at home is another option, and that would be a movie that 17 days, probably a normal time, would be the right period of time. So 17 days is just the minimum, and we can toggle that based on the type of movie.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Doug. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Securities.
Jessica Reif: Thank you. If I could, for Jeff, Jeremy and maybe Brian. So Jeff, with Peacock successfully launching without the Olympics, can you talk about how you guys will how you will use the Olympics next year to help Peacock? On the AMC deal, just one last question. How does that change the longer-term windowing for films? Like when will they come to Peacock? And do you have any change in the losses of $2 billion over the first two years? And then moving on to Jeremy. You mentioned TV production plans. There seems like there's been a lot of activity at Sky. Can you just talk about kind of your longer term goals? And do you need to buy, or can you just build it internally? And finally, Brian, sorry for some of the questions, but organizational changes were mentioned in two of your three divisions. Is there anything that you think you need from a corporate perspective? Any areas that you need to pivot in the business? COVID-19 seems to be a great time to just look strategically about where the business should go over the longer term and how you can change it.
Jeff Shell: Jessica, this is Jeff. I'll start and maybe hand it over. So the Olympics right now is a bit of a bummer because we would be in Tokyo right now under normal circumstances. So it's a total bummer for our company that we don't have the Olympics right now. But for Peacock, it's a bit of a silver lining for next year. And you got to remember, not only will we have the Olympics in the summer of 2021 in Tokyo, but then we'll have the Winter Olympics seven months later in Beijing. So we have two Olympics. And Mark Lazarus and the people back in their team are currently working on lots of different things that we can do to innovate on those Olympics and use the Peacock product, which by then will be even more distributed to do some really innovative and cool things on the Olympics, so in addition to promoting it, obviously. So, I actually am very excited. And I think with Peacock's successful launch this year without the Olympics, having the Olympics back-to-back next year and early '22 is really great for Peacock. Just on your other question on Peacock. We don't anticipate, whether Peacock or otherwise, windows changing down the line after this kind of theatrical PVOD window. And I think that the Peacock losses that I think Mike has outlined in the previous earnings call are were right exactly within that range. So we don't anticipate anything different in the next two years. Over to Dave or Jeremy now.
Jeremy Darroch: Yes, I'll keep in. So Jessica, yes, in terms of TV production, if you if you talk to a typical Sky customer, he will tell you three things. They'll say, "I'll rely on Sky to make all the free content that's available in Europe just better than anywhere else and just make that whole experience better," which is what we do. "the second thing I'll rely on Sky to do is to scour the world, get more than their fair share of the very best content internationally and bring that to me. And then thirdly, and this is becoming more and more important, "I want Sky to create unique European content and stories that's unique to my market or to Europe and to make that exclusive to its own platform." That's what they get Sky for. And sometimes that can be local sport. But increasingly, it's now becoming our own produced local entertainment, which is why we think Sky Studios is so important. And of course, from a business model point of view, we can play tunes on that or we can decide relatively where we shift investment over time to optimize both the customer experience but also our financial returns. So I'm very confident we've got all the capabilities required to build that ourselves. I think being part of the group and being alongside NBCU and Jeff's team really caught the bottoms up, and we're starting to accelerate how we work together. But I think we've got all of the factors of production in place, and we'll just intend to do more. Over time, as we start to pivot away from other content, we'll invest more in our own originated content, but that will be financially enhancing as we do that.
Brian Roberts: Okay. And finally on that question, I'm really pleased with, first of all, Mike's leadership during this and the team that reports to him and many others at corporate for how well we've handled all the uncertainties. And our balance sheet strength and liquidity are really, really speak for themselves, and I'm very satisfied there. I think the restructuring that you're hearing about is about the businesses, as Jeff and Jeremy both talked about. I think to reinforce how well our broadband business is performing and the cable company, we're always looking at can we reduce expenses and can we be more efficient in how we run the company. That's definitely always top of mind, but I think we have all the parts. I think we're taking advantage of this transition. Some parts of it are uncomfortable, for sure. But for the most part, our company is getting better. And I think, going to be one of the emerges one of the winners of the New Age. And a lot of that is giving customers more flexibility to do and see what they want. And as Jeremy just said, this is happening all over the world. And I'm really pleased with how well it's been put together. And we wanted everybody on this call to hear even more detail from the three operating businesses so you can see how well they're working together and how they're tackling the challenges ahead at corporate. We're helping create the environment for that to happen. I hope that answers your question.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jessica. The next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Moffett from Moffett.
Craig Moffett: All right, thank you. Two questions, if I could, both on the cable side. First, I'm sure you saw that Charter announced that they would participate in the RDOF auctions. I wonder if you could just talk about is there any appeal to you of participating in the either the RDOF auctions as a way to expand your rural footprint or simply just doing more edge out to grow your subscriber base or your footprint faster? And then second, I wonder, would you just drill in a bit to the Business Services segment and share with us some of what's going on with respect to volumes? And in particular, are the is the - what's going on with respect to customer bankruptcies versus fewer new share gains? And then what's going on with pricing? Just to get a sense of the Commercial segment and what we have to look forward to.
Dave Watson: Craig, Dave here. So I think as people know, we decided not to participate in this round of the rural digital opportunity fund. And the main reason was in this round, there are relatively few adjacent rural areas to offset the additional regulatory costs associated with the auction, including submitting to ETC status in any states where bids are successful. So however, at the same time, we continue to pursue, as you mentioned, the edge expansion to new areas. If you go back and you look at expansion, which includes edge extensions but also areas of pockets within our footprint, we've increased more than two million passings. And so that's resulted in it's helping us with customer relationship growth and a number of things. So we're very focused on the logical, efficient expansions. We'll continue to address opportunities in rural as they come up over time. So in Business Services, yes, switching gears there, we are seeing encouraging trends, as mentioned earlier, and small business, particularly in the states that have reopened. The customer losses that we incurred in Q2 were absolutely within our expectations. And the good news is that the level of losses has moderated and connects are rebounding. So it's a overall, we are encouraged with the current activity. And when you break it down a little bit further and you look at, well, what segments within SMB are impacted, you have bars and restaurants that were part of the mix, but they're not the majority, not close to the majority. We have a very Bill Stemper and his team have done a really nice job over the years, building a robust, diverse, small business customer base. So as people come back, I think we're really well positioned. We have local operations, the region level, that are ready to help our clients out. And so we'll cut across the board. So it's we're still the challenger. As I said before, we're going to help customers when they come back. And again, that connect level of activity is what we're focused on. And we do think, just to clarify, that the subscriber losses that we incurred during the second quarter will have a more meaningful impact on the financials as we move to the back half of the year. And as Mike mentioned earlier, revenue is likely to moderate a little bit from the growth we saw in Q2. But we're really pleased with the rebound in connects.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks. Craig. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Cusick: Hi guys. Thanks, Mike. Mike, can you talk more about how we should think about sports and RSN amortization in the third quarter across the business, including why the RSN holdbacks impacted broadband ARPU? We've had some questions here. And you mentioned 3Q as well. Why shouldn't all that flow back in the third quarter? And then for Peacock, can you put the 10 million subs into contacts? What does that mean for MAUs? And how should we think about licensing in broadcast and cable nets going forward as it relates to Peacock?
Mike Cavanagh: I'll start, then the others can just chime in. So I'll take the sports in two different pieces. Just on the RSN impact, so we expect that we'll be getting some monies back from some of the sports leagues based on games played or not played in the U.S. And when that does happen, we as we've said, we'll pass that back along to customers. So we've accrued for that on the revenue line, not billing people, and we'll get that back on the expense line. But I think the question that's coming in is why does that affect high-speed data revenue growth rates, which we said adjusted for that are up 9% versus the printed number. And that's simply accounting revenue recognition rules that when you have products sold in a bundle, there's a formula relative to sort of list price that has to flow through into revenue attribution. I don't love it, but it's the rules we live by consistently. So the fact that we have some RSN rebates coming is what's driving that. So hopefully, we can take that off-line for anybody that wants more details on that. But that's simply a revenue recognition item. And then on sports amortization. As we said in both NBC and Sky, both impacted by recognizing sports rights amortization expense when events or games are played. And so in the case of Sky, the start of the games and the proportion of games pushed a little bit back into the third and fourth quarter relative to what we expected 90 days ago, and some of the new season games will spill into 2021, against which, we have a little bit of rebate expense. But that's the reason for the combined down 60% for Sky EBITDA in the third and fourth quarter is really the movement of football. But then you think about golf and Formula one and all the other events. It's going to be a packed third and fourth quarter, so expense will follow that. And basically, the same is true for NBC. And then on Peacock, I'll let Jeff comment further. But as you said, we're encouraged by the number of people we have, in my language, giving Peacock a try or taste. I mean the way we'll measure users over the long term is monthly active users. So these are sign-ups. So in due course, we'll start giving you some color on the activation side. But I think pretty much against every measure that we look at, sign-ups, usage, etcetera, it's running ahead of what we had hoped for in early days.
Jeff Shell: Yes, Phil. Yes, yes. So thanks, Mike. I don't have anything to add on the RSN side. On the Peacock side, Phil, it's confusing because it's different in the ad-supported world obviously than the SVOD world. And there's really three different metrics: there's sign-ups, there's monthly active accounts, and there's monthly active users. I have seen people use all of them. Monthly active account is obviously household, whereas users, sometimes there's more than one user per household. The guidance we gave at the Investor Day was monthly active accounts, MAAs. And the 10 million we're talking about today is sign-ups. And the way sign-ups kind of convert to MAAs is how many people come back and how long do they use it? And since a lot of our users are in the last couple of weeks, as we've rolled out nationally, it's too early to actually convert that, but as Mike said, across the board were better than expectations. We didn't expect these many sign-ups. We didn't expect people to come back as frequently as they're coming back. And we didn't expect people to watch as long as they're watching once they come back. So we're very encouraged. It's early days, but we're very encouraged as we look forward on our Investor Day guidance.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks. Thanks Phil. Next question please.
Operator: Our final question comes from John Hodulik from UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Great, thanks guys. Great. Maybe first for Dave on the cable margin side. Obviously, great leverage on the non-programming costs. It sounds like there's some cross currents there related to COVID. Should we expect some of the benefits that you've seen to continue and maybe even some acceleration as you get some of those efficiencies that you talked about? And then maybe over to Flex. You guys obviously talked about adding Sling TV to the package there. Do you still plan to add other virtual MVPDs? And given that's the cost or price differential versus the traditional product, do you expect over time that the availability of these services to add pressure to the traditional video product?
Dave Watson: John, so on the margin side, the non-programming OpEx, we're really the fundamentals have not shifted. There has been an acceleration, for sure, during the COVID period and where there's just a lot of different approaches towards digital and things like self-installed kit, the tools that we're using that are going to, I think, be long-lasting for us. We've learned it a lot. Our field teams have done an extraordinary job in terms of the deployment of the new protocols and the approaches. So I think what we're seeing an ongoing, we saw it before COVID, reduction and reduction in transactional activity as we started digital some time ago. And so this is an acceleration of all of that. So we're going to continue to prioritize the network and key innovation efforts around digital. So I think that in terms of how you look at margin, I think there's still upside. And so we see a moment in time where there's an acceleration. You can't comment completely on the future exactly where that will go. But I think the learnings will serve us well, and we're just going to keep at it. And as much noise that we could take out of the system and just taking out unnecessary transactions, I think that is one of the fundamental keys that are is toward margin. In regards to the second point on Flex and Sling, let me again remind you and everyone that Flex, in and of itself, again comes with broadband. We're going after the streaming segment. We use it in a targeted way to go after these customers. So I think there's a fair amount of activity that the streaming segment has, that they're looking at a bunch of options. We want to give customers more choice. And so our goal is to provide the best video experience. I think we are uniquely positioned to participate, as Brian said, in the streaming world. Great broadband with Peacock but others like Sling and that I think that this is the first one. We'll evaluate on a case-by-case basis the other virtual operators, and we'll see how that goes. But we're going to continue to be clear to we're going to invest in X1. We look at X1 and Flex as a very broad video platform that for today, I think, helps us compete, as I said, with certain video segments with X1, and most certainly, the streaming segment with broadband and Flex and partners like Sling and many others. We've added Hulu. We've added a whole bunch of people. We look forward to adding CBS All Access, HBO Max later that we talked about. So we're going to have a wide variety of partners that will be on Flex and X1. And for us, yes, we're going to break down the segments, and they'll be very focused on providing the best video and broadband platform experience in the market.
Brian Roberts: I just want to just add that I hope you've enjoyed the format of this call, particularly at this time. We wanted to talk about not only the 90 days but really how we're running the company. I couldn't be more pleased with the team and the progress. And we're also things we didn't touch on were some of our social commitments. There's a lot of just quality to thought that has gone into how do you handle pandemics such as this and how do you position the company for the future and try to do the right thing in the moment. So thanks for your support and the questions, and we're available to do follow-up. Marci, back to you.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, everyone. That concludes our second quarter 2020 earnings call. Thank you for joining us, and we wish you all well.
Brian Roberts: Thanks.
Operator: There will be a replay of today's call starting at 12:00 P.M. Eastern Standard Time. It will run through Thursday, August 6, at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is (855) 859-2056, and the conference ID number is 5765399. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 2:30 P.M. Eastern Standard Time today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Good morning and welcome to the Comcast First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marci Ryvicker. Please go ahead.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you, operator and welcome everyone to our first quarter 2020 earnings call. Joining me are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Dave Watson, Jeff Shell and Jeremy Darroch. Given these extraordinary times, we have slightly changed the format of this mornings call. Brian and Mike will spend a bit more time than usual in their prepared remarks to provide as much color and visibility as possible on all of our businesses as well as update you on how we are managing our customers and employees through COVID-19. We will then use the time remaining to answer as many analyst question as we can. Before we begin, I refer you to Slide 2 which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer. I remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, during this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, I turn the call over to Brian Roberts. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thank you, Marci and good morning everyone. These are truly extraordinary times. And on behalf of all of us at Comcast, our hearts go out to everyone who has been impacted by this terrible disease. I would like to echo our thanks to the thousands of heroes on the front lines. Society today is being challenged like never before in our lifetime and I couldnt be more proud of our company, our employees and our leadership teams across Comcast Cable, NBCUniversal and Sky for making a lot of tough, fair, and I believe best decisions for our customers and our organization. I truly believe that when we look back at this unprecedented time we will be reminded of the strength of our employees, the resilience of our business and the important role our services played in our customers lives. COVID-19 has created a tremendous amount of uncertainty and financial strain for people and businesses around the globe. Every company is different and few are immune to this dynamic. Comcast is no exception. We have businesses like broadband, which had the best first quarter net adds in 12 years and continued its sales momentum in April and then we have businesses like theme parks as well as television and film production, which will be under substantial duress, because we must shelter in place. On todays call, we will discuss our first quarter performance and provide as much information as we can about the future. But perhaps the most important thing we can do is give you a sense for the guiding principles we are using to run our business during this pandemic and share some of the important decisions we have made to help move our company forward. First, how are we supporting our most important asset, our people? We saw the virus in China and then in Italy and Europe, and it gave us a real sense of urgency as to how quickly decisions had to be made and required us to change procedures almost instantaneously across the globe to get ahead of this crisis. It is this global perspective that has helped us immensely as you will hear. The first thing we needed to do was protect our employees, especially on the frontlines. So, for those working in news, managing our network and ensuring that our customers maintain vital connectivity, we have taken many safety precautions to keep them and our customers safe. At the same time, weve successfully moved tens of thousands of employees across Comcast Cable, NBCUniversal and Sky to a work-from-home environment. Most impressive has been our ability to shift thousands of call center representatives at Comcast and Sky to working remotely in a matter of days and weeks. In fact, over 95% of our U.S. call center employees are now serving customers from their homes, and Im not sure thats ever been achieved before. We have been doing this now for about 45 days since the second week of the crisis, an extraordinary feat. Our digital tools have been instrumental during this time of need. Usage of our xFi digital app is up 60% and we are seeing a 20 point increase in customer satisfaction when they use our digital tools to activate their Internet service. Use of our AI-powered Xfinity Assistant is also up 445%. Its clear that our multiyear investment in digital and AI has prepared us for this crisis, and I cannot be prouder of the work of our teams. For our employees who are not able to work because operations have been closed or severely impacted, weve differentiated ourselves by committing $500 million in direct support to help bridge this moment. Our employees have shown us that they are among the most engaged in the country, and we want to do what we can to support them during this crisis. Our second guiding principle is to serve our customers and continue to innovate at a time when they need us most. This starts with Xfinity Internet. In the face of COVID-19, we quickly agreed to continue service for customers facing economic hardship. Committing to the FCCs Keep Americans Connected Pledge and going further to ensure that all our customers stay informed, engaged and in touch, we are not disconnecting Internet or voice services for failure to pay. We are also offering new Internet Essentials customers two free months of service, providing free Xfinity WiFi access by opening our public hotspots and giving all customers unlimited data for no extra charge and permanently increasing the speed of our low cost internet essentials service. Through all of this, the company is working overtime to ensure that our world-class network and services have the capacity they need to keep Americans productive, informed and entertained during this difficult time. At both NBCUniversal and Sky News, we seamlessly moved to production in home, working 24/7 to keep viewers informed. Skys riveting documentary, Coronavirus: Inside the red zone, taped from inside the hospitals of Italy, is an example of an incredible investigative look at whats happening in one of the hardest hit regions and countries. Its prominently featured along with other virus-related content on our X1 and Flex boxes, which you can pull up by just saying coronavirus into your voice remote. In the U.S., we responded quickly as theaters shut down, bringing several of our movies, including Trolls World Tour, to customers homes. And we swiftly redated Fast 9 and Minions to next year to give us a strong theatrical slate in 21. While this certainly wasnt our plan, there may not have been a better time to launch our free ad supported streaming product, Peacock, for Xfinity customers. Now its only been 3 weeks, but what I can tell you is were already pacing ahead of our internal forecast on monthly active users and in time spent viewing. And were still on track to launch Peacock nationally in July. Moving to our third principle, our balanced efforts to successfully navigate through the crisis, while simultaneously thinking about how to emerge with an even stronger future, we dont know when we will be through the worst nor do we know the shape of the global economic recovery but we are not sitting still. Company-wide, we are using this moment to step back and are looking at our organizational structure and costs. To that end, I am grateful to have as my partner and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Cavanagh, who helped JPMorgan successfully endure the worst of the financial crisis and emerged stronger than ever in 08/09 as their CFO. Mike and I lead our global leadership calls where we meet virtually with our teams frequently, collectively sharing best practices, making real-time decisions across the entire organization. Our strategy has not changed but our pace and tactics are being reprioritized so that we can emerge quickly as industry leaders across each of our businesses. We have also enhanced our already strong balance sheet by accessing the debt market, and we currently sit with over $15 billion of liquidity, putting us in an even better position. At this point, I want to touch on some of the specific issues important to many of you on this call. First is broadband. Our network is operating incredibly well and we stress-tested with 700,000 diagnostic speed tests on most days. As you know, our cable business comprises roughly 70% of our consolidated EBITDA, driven primarily by our connectivity businesses. While we have limited access to peoples homes as we shelter in place, we continue to connect customers with our newly implemented drop-and-go strategy and we have had tremendous success with our self-install kits, which are especially easy for broadband. In fact, we had our best first quarter high-speed data net additions in 12 years of 477,000, excluding any free Internet Essentials customers and thats up 27% year-over-year. Our engineers have done a wonderful job in creating and maintaining a network flexible enough to allow so many of us to learn and work at home. We have seen an unprecedented shift in network use with a 33% increase in upstream traffic. Yet, our network continues to perform exceedingly well. And if you are interested, you can go to our corporate website to read more about our network performance and some amazing stats. In fact, it is tough to fathom what would have happened if this virus struck just five years ago. The investments we have been making in our broadband products and network every single year are paying off better than almost anywhere in the world, and we will continue to innovate and invest in our network as we had always planned. Second, I want to touch on theme parks. As of today, our theme parks remain closed, resulting in substantial operating losses, which Mike will detail. We have also delayed construction of the fourth gate in Orlando, and Super Nintendo World Japan is likely to open a few months past our original expectation. But there is no doubt that our theme parks will reopen, and when they do, I believe we will benefit from strong pent-up demand. We love these businesses. They have been one of our fastest growing for the last 10 years. They are extremely profitable, historically resilient and enjoy high barriers to entry. Our talented parks team is taking the right near-term steps to control costs while remaining laser-focused on putting in place the appropriate protocols, technology and infrastructure so that when we do reopen, our parks are safe and feel that way to consumers. And while we dont know when that will be in the U.S., I am heartened by what we are seeing in China, where we have been building a magnificent park in Beijing. As we all know, the first case of COVID occurred in China right around the Chinese New Year. Going into that holiday, we had 12,000 construction workers going full bore. But as a result of the virus, that number soon went to zero. As of today, we now have over 15,000 construction workers back at our site, even more than before the virus started. I was part of a group that recently spoke with Mike Hightower, a 40-year parks veteran, who is the head of construction living in Beijing. And he reports we have a safe working environment with many protocols in place. Im pleased to announce we expect to be open amazingly on time and on budget in 2021. Beijing maybe different, but perhaps it shows the arc of this crisis. My third topic is sports, which have been postponed across the globe, creating significant timing impacts on financial results and forecasts. We absolutely believe that sports will come back, and when they do, theres bound to be so much excitement and enthusiasm which may resonate even more than before, regardless as to whether or not stadiums are filled with fans. Bringing these stories to the world is what our sports teams do best. Given how the sports programming business works in Europe, the postponement of so many games has been a material event, with many customers pausing their sports subscriptions. I have reason to be optimistic as many European teams are already back practicing, and we have hoped that they resume play as early as May. Perhaps this will be the playbook the rest of the world uses and allows us to have conversations with our partners as we constructively work together to find solutions to bring sports back. Fourth, this crisis has shined a bright light on just how much video consumption is evolving. And while such change is disruptive to parts of the company, it reminds us how well we are positioned overall given our strength in broadband, our innovation in streaming products such as Peacock and Flex and our diversification of world-class content across NBCUniversal and Sky. Great content is more valuable than ever even while technology disrupts. In both good times and bad, I think about my father, Ralph, who, 57 years ago, built this company to be vibrant, relevant and attract the best talent to work for us while creating long-term value for shareholders. Ralph was truly the most optimistic man Ive ever known, and at the same time, he lived through some of the worst events like the Great Depression and World War II, which instilled in him the need to be prepared for anything. And Ralphs views are deep in my DNA and throughout all of Comcast, and that means having a very healthy balance sheet, a strong portfolio of complementary best-in-class assets, good sense to always take care of your people and a belief that scale really matters, particularly in difficult times. Pulling all of this together requires an entrepreneurial, global leadership team able to pivot at a moments notice. We are working really hard to find a safe path back while we continue to operate and serve our customers every day. Mike will now take you through our first quarter financial results, which under these circumstances, I feel were quite strong. Mike?
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks, Brian and good morning everyone. I first want to echo Brians sentiments on the terrible impact COVID-19 is having on society, and I sincerely wish all of you well in these very difficult times. Now Ill review our first quarter 2020 results in which the effects of COVID-19 only impacted us toward the end of the quarter. As a result, I will try where possible to offer some commentary on the current conditions in our businesses, but please understand that circumstances are changing rapidly in this environment, making it impossible to offer anything but highly caveated commentary. That said I will do my best to be as informative as possible and get at the many questions I know you have for us. Beginning on Slide 5 with our consolidated results, revenue decreased 0.9% to $26.6 billion. Adjusted EBITDA decreased 4.9% to $8.1 billion. Free cash flow generated in the quarter was $3.3 billion and adjusted earnings per share decreased 6.6% to $0.71. First quarter financials generally reflected strong results in cable, which were more than offset by NBCUniversal and Sky. Now I will unpack the consolidated results at the business segment level, and lets begin with Cable Communications on Slide 6. For the first quarter, cable revenue increased 4.5% to $14.9 billion. EBITDA increased 6.1% to $6.1 billion and EBITDA less capital increased 10% to $4.5 billion. We generated 371,000 customer relationship net additions in the quarter, a 24% increase year-over-year and the best first quarter on record with strength driven by our high-margin connectivity businesses. Together, residential high-speed Internet and business services generated 477,000 broadband customer net additions excluding customers getting free Internet Essentials and high-risk customers who continue to receive services following nonpayment. The 477,000 net additions reflect a 27% year-over-year increase and marks the best quarterly net adds we have had in 12 years and the lowest quarterly churn on record. High-speed Internet revenue increased 9.3% to $5 billion, driven by these strong customer additions and ARPU growth of 3.6%. Business services revenue grew 8% to $2 billion, and revenue per business customer relationship increased 4.1%. Turning to video, revenue was flat in the quarter at $5.6 billion with very healthy ARPU growth of 4.1% offset by video subscriber losses which totaled 409,000. We believe our residential rate adjustment at the beginning of the year was a significant contributor to both the ARPU increase and the video subscriber loss in the quarter. Wireless revenue increased 52% to $343 million, driven by 216,000 additional lines bringing us to 2.3 million total lines. Advertising revenue in the quarter was flat at $557 million. Excluding political, core advertising was down 4.6%. Turning to expenses, Cable Communications first quarter expenses increased 3.4% driven primarily by non-programming expenses, which increased 4.5% in part due to COVID-19 customer-facing employee pay increases and bad debt expense, which increased about 40% to $156 million in the quarter, including an increase in the reserve due to COVID 19. For the quarter, Cable Communications EBITDA grew by 6.1% and margins reached 40.7%, reflecting 60 basis points of year-over-year improvement. Cable capital expenditures decreased 6.9%, resulting in CapEx intensity of 8.5%, down 100 basis points year-over-year. Declines in the quarter were across CPE, line extensions and support capital, partly offset by an 8.3% increase in scalable infrastructure. So now I will touch on what we are currently experiencing in Cable Communications in the second quarter with a reminder of the earlier caveat on the rapidly changing environment. Residential high-speed data net adds are off to a solid start in April. The residential high-speed data revenue growth rate is expected to ease off modestly due to our proactive response to COVID-19, specifically our Keep Americans Connected Pledge, which we recently extended to June 30. We expect to see business services revenue growth moderate to low single-digit year-over-year levels for the second quarter, resulting from the net effect of COVID-19 economic pressures affecting our business customer base with some customers having paused service during lockdowns while others are requesting higher-tiered Internet service as they remain open, often in a remote fashion, which makes their high-speed data service all the more important to them. On the video side, I mentioned earlier that our first quarter net losses were 409,000, which were 288,000 higher than our net losses during the same period last year. We dont see video trends changing as we begin the second quarter, and so we could see a similar year-over-year increase in the number of video customer net losses in the second quarter, likely still a reflection of our beginning-of-year rate increase as well as changing consumer preferences and economic stress. COVID-19 began to impact cable advertising at the end of the first quarter, and we expect advertising to be down significantly in the second quarter. Turning to our outlook for expenses and margins, for programming costs, we continue to expect increases in the second half of 2020 as a result of anticipated programming renewals. We continue to approach programming renewals with a high level of discipline, and we expect sports and other programming to eventually return, driving viewership and overall engagement. For non-programming costs, we expect to continue to bear for a period of time both COVID-related operating expenses, specifically wage increases for our frontline employees; and elevated levels of bad debt expense. Such expenses are expected to be more than offset by expense declines related to slowdown in activity in some aspects of our business and ongoing cost discipline. Taking all this together, we expect to meet our original full year cable EBITDA margin outlook of up to 50 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion. We also expect to meet our full year CapEx intensity outlook for approximately 50 basis points of year-over-year improvement, driven by an increase in network investment offset by declines in CPE, line extensions and support capital. Now Ill turn to NBCUniversals results on Slide 7. Revenue declined 7% to $7.7 billion and EBITDA was down 25.3% to $1.7 billion, reflecting a challenging film comparison, which was expected, as well as the impact of theme park and theater closures directly resulting from COVID-19. Cable Networks revenue was flat at $2.9 billion and EBITDA was down 1.2% to $1.2 billion. While content licensing and other revenue was strong, up 13% due to the timing of certain SVOD deliverables in addition to a healthy contribution from our digital businesses, distribution revenue declined by 1.5%, resulting from the expected lack of programming renewals, combined with accelerated subscriber losses. Advertising revenue declined 2.2%. Turning to broadcast, revenue was up 8.8% in the first quarter to $2.7 billion as a result of strong content licensing and retrans while EBITDA was up 30% to $501 million driven by this strong revenue growth as well as the benefit of an industry accounting change related to how content is amortized. Advertising revenue was flat. Taking the television businesses together, advertising results at both cable networks and broadcast were impacted at the end of the first quarter due to the postponement of sports resulting from COVID-19. Looking ahead, we anticipate advertising revenue will materially weaken from the first quarter due to the continued postponement of sports as well as the shape of the economic recovery as it reopens from COVID-19 shutdowns. Somewhat offsetting the advertising declines in the second quarter will be lower sports rights amortization given we amortize those rights during the period in which games air. As already announced, the Summer Olympic Games have been moved to 2021, and we remind you that we expect no financial loss in 2020 for this delay. As a result of this change in Olympics timing, in addition to accelerated subscriber losses, we now expect distribution revenue in the Cable Network segment to decline low single-digit percentages for the full year. Film revenue in the first quarter declined by 22.5% to $1.4 billion, and EBITDA declined by 71% to $106 million partly due to challenging comparisons to How to Train Your Dragon and The Grinch, further aggravated by exhibitor closings. In response to these shutdowns, we immediately and proactively moved our theatrical films to a premium video on-demand service. While were very pleased with the PVOD success, the particular circumstances of each film are unique and we will determine our future distribution approach on a title-by-title basis. Looking forward, we anticipate film revenue and EBITDA to decline substantially, particularly in the second and third quarters as a result of moving our two most highly anticipated feature films, the next installment of Fast and Furious as well as Minions two, to 2021. Theme parks revenue in the first quarter declined 32% to $869 million and EBITDA declined 85% to $76 million due in part to lingering softness in Japan prior to COVID-19, which was subsequently aggravated by the closures of Universal Studios Japan on February 29, Universal Studios Hollywood on March 14 and Universal Orlando Resort on March 16, all a direct result of COVID-19. At this point, all of our theme parks are closed, and we do not know when they will reopen. To help you understand the impact of park closures, were the parks to remain closed the entirety of the second quarter we would expect to incur an EBITDA loss at parks of roughly $500 million in the quarter. The parks team is balancing near-term financial discipline with maximizing the long-term value of this business, and this is a dynamic effort on their part as the situation continues to develop. We remain very confident that the parks business will generate healthy returns over the long term. Nonetheless, we have decided to pause construction of Orlandos fourth gate or Epic Universe at this early stage while we focus on the immediate challenges that COVID-19 presents, while the final stages of work continue in full force for Super Nintendo World Japan, which is expected to open later this year; and Universal Beijing, which remains on schedule to open in 2021. Now, lets move on to Sky results on Slide 8. As a reminder, I will be referring to Skys growth rates on a constant-currency basis, consistent with whats reflected in our earnings release. For the first quarter 2020, Sky revenue decreased 3.7% to $4.5 billion and EBITDA declined 15% to $551 million. COVID-19 has resulted in the postponement of many sporting events throughout our Sky markets, which started to impact our results in the second half of the quarter. This postponement was the primary driver of the 1.9% decline in direct-to-consumer revenue and 10.5% decline in content revenue. Advertising revenue also decreased by 11.6% due to overall market weakness, which was exacerbated by COVID-19, as well as continuation of the unfavorable impact from a change in legislation related to gambling advertisements in the UK and Italy, which we expect to lap in the third quarter. Given the significant revenue associated with Sky Sports and the fact that sports packages are sold separately, the complete shutdown of sports presents a unique risk of customer attrition, if unaddressed. In light of that challenge, our approach has been to allow our customers to pause their sports-related subscription payments during this time, which mitigates the risk of customer disconnects and keeps us in control of turning this revenue stream back on when sports return. As we look to the rest of the year, we do anticipate, based on reports coming out of each country that most major sports will return to complete their current seasons, although at different times for different sports across the Sky markets. In terms of financial impact, due to the significant pause in sports revenue impacting our residential, commercial and wholesale revenue, the deferral of sports rights cost amortization into the quarter when games are played as well as the headwinds we face with advertising revenue due to the economic pressures of the current environment, we expect Sky EBITDA for the second and third quarters combined to decline roughly 60% year-over-year. Between the second and third quarters, the split in results is difficult to predict since it is very sensitive to the proportion of the remainder of season play between the two quarters in each market, hence the commentary on the second and third quarters combined. While the impact on Sky due to the shutdown of sports is significant and unfortunate, our approach to customer retention gives us confidence that when sports return for their new seasons later in the year, the Sky Sports business will snap back as well. In terms of Skys 2020 investment agenda, which includes Sky Q acceleration and the launch of broadband in Italy, COVID-19 will cause some delays in execution but we still expect to complete them in due course given their very healthy returns. Fortunately, the impact of COVID-19 on global sports and, therefore, on Sky feels to us to be finite. Sky is a strong business with 24 million customers paying us over $50 per month. And we firmly believe the return to a normalized sports schedule and an end to shelter in place should enable Sky to capitalize on its leading products and brands so as to return to its trajectory of long-term growth. Wrapping up on Slide 9 with free cash flow and capital allocation. Free cash flow was $3.3 billion in the quarter, and we paid $977 million in dividends. Consolidated total capital, which includes CapEx as well as software and intangibles, decreased 5.3% in the first quarter to $2.5 billion driven by declines across all of our businesses, and we now anticipate a modest year-over-year decline for the full year. We anticipate working capital to be roughly in line with last year, with declines at NBCU and Sky resulting from delays in content production and sports programming, offset by an increase in cable. We expect the significant disruption from COVID-19 on EBITDA at NBCU and Sky to pressure our leverage ratio until the affected portions of those businesses have returned and ramped back up. As a result, we no longer expect to resume share repurchases in 2021. Finally, we remain committed to our long-standing balanced capital allocation approach of maintaining a strong balance sheet, investing organically for growth and returning capital to shareholders through a strong commitment to our recurring dividend and an eventual return to share repurchases. So with that, Ill turn it back to Marci who I welcome to the Comcast team. She couldnt have joined at a more interesting time, and its clear that we are very lucky to have her onboard.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks Mike. Carmen, lets open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thanks, good morning. Two questions. And thank you for all the color this morning. Realizing these are unprecedented times, Im curious if you could talk about some of the maybe longer-term structural changes you expect to come out of this across your businesses. Obviously, a lot of this stuff is temporary. But as you step back from the day-to-day managing of the company, what are you seeing in terms of opportunities or changes you make to how you invest in the business and sort of your priorities for the company? Be interested in your thoughts there. And then, second, along the lines of sort of structural changes and opportunities to test new models, without getting into the controversy around Trolls World Tour, Id love to just hear how youre thinking about the film business in a post-COVID world because the numbers out of that one film seem pretty interesting. Curious on your conclusions on sort of what you take from that experiment, so to speak, and how you address the theatrical business longer term? Thanks a lot.
Brian Roberts: Okay. Well, this is Brian. Let me begin and pass off to some of my colleagues to help with those questions. I think that the long-term priorities of the company are were looking at this whole pandemic in sort of phases. First phase is how do you stay operating and give customers great service, protect your employees, some of the things I said in my opening remarks. I think the second phase is where were all hoping that were getting into right now, and youre maybe a bit ahead of us, is getting back into some form of going to the office, some form of normalcy. And then the third is kind of probably where your question is headed, what you see on the "other side." And a lot depends on how that second phase really pans out. I think for me, the priorities have sharpened our focus on taking advantage of the disruptions and where can we reexamine whether its cost structures, revenue opportunities, innovation and in each of our businesses. Starting with broadband maybe we start with Dave. Why dont you take a crack at that answer? And then Jeff, why dont you talk about the film business?
Dave Watson: Thanks, Brian. So there I think there are a handful of things certainly broadband-related when you think about structural opportunities going forward. But even before that, Id start with the amazing work that the team did in taking 90% of our call center agents and getting them to work from home. So whether or not that stays at that level, we dont know. Well figure out the right balance going forward. But there has to be a structural benefit in being able to figure that out very quickly and effectively. I think from a broadband standpoint, the process we had already been investing strong product road map around self-install capability, but weve enhanced it with the drop-and-go capability. We leave the SIK kit, provide telephonic and chat support, and those are going to be benefits that I think well have going forward. And most certainly, as Brian talked about, our digital tools, a very strong road map there between xFi, My Account and the Xfinity Assistant, the chat capability, these things are game changers and provided, I think, a nice uptick during this period, but I think a lot of that will be sustainable.
Brian Roberts: Before, Jeff, you pop in, I want to welcome you to this call, obviously, under tremendous unique circumstances. But youve been with us forever, listened in on a lot of these calls. But come at it with both your maybe broader view of life and specifically, the film question.
Jeff Shell: Yes. So, thank you, Brian and hello everybody. I will just echo, Brian, what you just said. Ive been in the company for a long time and been in a lot of our businesses, and its an honor to run this. And I think, longer term, as we come out of this, we couldnt be better positioned. So Im happy to be here and happy to be part of this team. So Ben, on the PVOD question, I spent a big chunk of the last decade in the film business, and theres no question that theatrical is someday again going to be the central element to our business and the film business, which is how people made their movies and how they expect their movies to be seen. But the flip side is the majority of movies, whether we like it or not, are being consumed at home, and its not realistic to assume that were not going to change that this part of the business isnt going to change like all parts of the business is going to change. So as you mentioned, were in a current unprecedented environment. We had a number of films, including Trolls that were ready to go, that we had worked very hard on and invested a lot of money in, and we really had a choice. Do we delay those movies to a time when we think the theaters are going to be back open again? We did that with Fast and Minions. We sell them or move them to streaming. Some of our other competitors have done that. Or do we try something new to preserve kind of the premium nature of movies? And thats how we came up with the PVOD offering. And I couldnt be first of all, I would say I couldnt be more pleased with Donna Langley and her team, how they executed. The numbers, as you mentioned, are really interesting. It provided consumers with a product that they desperately needed at home, particularly if you have a bunch of seven-year-olds and five-year-olds running around. And it was good for our employees. We kept them working on something. And it gave us an ability to make some money on something that were proud of. The question is when we come out of this, what is going to be the model? And I would expect that consumers are going to return to the theaters, and we will be a part of that. And I also would expect that PVOD is going to be part of that offering. In some way, its not going to be replacement, but its going to be a complementary element, and were just going to have to see how long that takes and where that takes us.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Ben. Carmen, next question please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jessica Reif with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead. Im sorry, one moment. Not sure what happened with the queue, she just disappeared from the queue. Would you like to go to the next question?
Marci Ryvicker: Yes, please.
Operator: Your next question will be from Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you so much. I guess first question would be on sports. Investors have a lot of questions on sports, in particular whether you have to pay the leagues and whether you have to pay the sports networks when they do not have sports on the air. And I think regional networks sports networks are well understood. So the investor focus is on national sports networks. I know these are a sensitive sort of subject area, but any commentary around that? Obviously, the Olympics are also already understood. And then I think I have a question on wireless actually, which is with T-Mo and Sprint getting approved and closing another viable MVNO partner, obviously very different from what your Sprint MVNO could have offered. To the extent you were trying to improve on your Verizon MVNO terms, DISH is starting early efforts to build out, CBRS and C-band auctions are coming up, it feels like the company has some important decisions to make on wireless strategy this year. Im wondering if this crisis has impacted those decisions at all, whether theres an increased bar for cost of capital internally or based on how you see customers using wireless during this crisis and its relative importance to Comcast? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Well, let me start, Doug. On sports, depending on which part of the ecosystem youre in, as you said, regional, national, U.S. or international, theres not a connection necessarily to all the contracts all synced in one way or the same. Theyre all very individual. And based on the nature of the season versus the playoffs, it obviously gets even more complicated. So our focus at the moment is trying to work with each of our various leagues, where, I think, ultimately, the answers to some of these questions reside. The leagues have to decide are they going to be playing, what happens to the future if theyre just starting a season or the current one that got disrupted. And as I said, I think were seeing encouraging movement all over the world, including in the U.S. And so I think its very much top of mind. We if we are able to get clarification, then we can give that to our customers. It works differently in Europe than it does in the U.S. So I dont know that we have any more to add to the information that we gave in the remarks, but our main focus and hope is that theres an awful lot of effort being spent to get back quickly and safely, and Im hopeful that thats going to happen. But Dave, why dont you talk about anything else on sports but particularly maybe on wireless?
Dave Watson: I think you covered it well in sports. On wireless, Doug, we continue to like our current approach. Even in this moment, we see that all the major areas that weve been focused on around broadband churn yes, therell be a little bit of impact on retail through this period, but between Bring Your Own Device, new device launches, we continue to be real pleased with the trajectory of the wireless business. As to opportunities, spectrum and/or the relationship, we like our relationship, current one that we have. Were always going to be staring at ways of making improvements to it over time, but the fundamentals are very good. And in regards to spectrum, nothing new to report. We will be opportunistic if it makes sense to our business. Overall, the third objective is to be profitable at scale, and we feel very comfortable with where were going.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Doug. Next question please.
Operator: And we have Jessica Reif with Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif: Hi. Sorry, I think the operator disconnected me. So I apologize if this question was asked. But on I know I came back on something with sports, but Sky and NBCU are still paying for sports. And obviously, theres nothing on. So Im just wondering how you are thinking about contracts as they come up, what will you get in return? How does this position you for the next round? On Peacock, you said it was a great start for the first three weeks. Can you give us color on what you are seeing? And why not change rollout plans? I mean all the elements seem to be in place for a direct-to-consumer service in this environment, everyones home. And given the targeted advertising, it just seems like the perfect opportunity. And finally, Im not sure if maybe we missed this, but have you said I havent seen much on costs going forward. Do you feel like your businesses are right-sized for the current environment and whats going on affects so many of NBCU businesses, theme parks, film, TV, etcetera? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: So let me Jessica, welcome back to the call. We did talk about sports a little bit. So but let me ask Jeremy since Sky Sports is a separate subscription, for those that arent familiar with it, its a different business approach. And people have paused the subscription, which is, I think, a very intelligent approach. And what were seeing there is let me ask Jeremy to talk about that. And then why dont we take your two questions on Peacock and costs in general, which I think are and ask Jeff to comment when Jeremys finished.
Jeremy Darroch: Thanks, Brian. Yes. So weve broadly stepped into sports customers, as Brian said, and have paused many of our sports customers subscriptions. We unbundled sports. So we thought that was a very sensible way to manage in an environment where essentially the sports seasons gone away for now. That, of course, means that the level of cancellations weve had in sports is de minimis. So we think that positions us well to bring customers back when the sports season resumes. In terms of negotiations with sports rights holders, we are talking pretty much to everybody at the moment. That covers a range of things, but firstly, how do we get sports back, which I think is in everybodys interest. So were working with rights holders, with governments around what we can do to create a safe environment so that sports can come back. The assumption is that sports does come start to come back over the summer, as Mike talked about. And then in terms of the future on sports renegotiations and new contracts, I mean, the principle is that our my approach doesnt need to change because we start with value, and the value that we see, we bid against that value in a disciplined way. One of the advantages I think about the way sports are sold in Europe is that, typically, were on shorter cycles. The average cycle will be three, perhaps four years. So that does give us the opportunity. While we think theres some form of reset thats required and we see a different we take a different view in terms of value to get, by the way, obviously, well were thinking about that all the time but particularly at the moment, and well reflect that in due course.
Brian Roberts: Jeff, why dont you take Peacock?
Jeff Shell: Yes. Let me jump in. Jessica, let me take Peacock and then go to costs. So on Peacock, its very early, Jessica. Were three weeks in or so not even three weeks in, so Im reticent to make any conclusions. But our goals on launching first with Comcast were twofold: one, get the product right technically; and two, learn some things about how people are using it so when we roll it out nationally we can go out with the best product. The early results, as I said, its a couple of weeks in, but theyre very, very encouraging, particularly the amount of time that each person is spending on the platform. We have our product is a very, very deep offering. We didnt launch with a lot of our splashy originals because of COVID but we have so much on there that people are getting on there and theyre spending a lot more time than we had originally anticipated, which is great news. So why not pull it up and launch it earlier? Were in a marathon, not a sprint. Were not we have an ad-supported service. We dont see the value and were not trying to gain subscribers. And we want to make sure the product is right before we launch in July. So this is kind of a measured strategy on our part, and I think its the right strategy for Peacock. And were very encouraged and even more optimistic on it long term. On costs the question about whether were right sized on costs given where the environment is headed, the answer is probably no, and were addressing that pretty aggressively. Were trying to be thoughtful within our business though, and theres obviously a couple of different kinds of businesses. One business is there are businesses like the theme park business where the revenue has just shut off and we have to address our costs, but were going to come back at some point. There, we have cut a significant amount of our costs and can flex even further down if this goes longer and deeper than we see right now. And then elsewhere in our business where were seeing both short-term and structural declines, I think what were trying to do is address our cost base in a way that comes out of this in a different way, that we look like a different company and we can shift our business as we adjust our cost base. But were spending a lot of time on our cost base. And certainly, over the next weeks and months, well make pretty significant adjustments there across our business. Were not we havent ad-supported service. We dont see the value that were not trying to gain subscribers. And we want to make sure the product is right before we launch in July. So this is kind of a measured strategy in our partner. I think its the right strategy for Peacock, and were very encouraged and even more optimistic on it. Long term. On costs, the question about whether were rightsized on costs given where the environment is headed, the answer is probably no, and were addressing that pretty aggressively. Were trying to be thoughtful within our business, though, and theres obviously a couple of different kinds of businesses, one businesses. There are businesses like the Theme park business, where the revenue has just shut up, and we have to address our costs, but were going to come back at some point. There, we have cut a significant amount of our costs and can flex even further down if this goes longer and deeper than we see right now and then elsewhere in our business where were seeing both short-term and structural declines. I think what were trying to do is address our cost base in a way that comes out of this in a different way that we look like a different company, and we can shift our business as we adjust our cost base, but were spending a lot of time on our cost base. And certainly, over the next weeks and months, well make pretty significant adjustments there across our business.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Jessica. Carmen we will take the next question.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett: Hi, thank you. Two questions, if I may. One, on the cable side of the business, what are you seeing with respect to small/medium business in your business services segment? And how should we think about the exposure of that segment in particular to the crisis? Have share shifts continued? And is that perhaps enough to offset the pressure that those businesses are likely to be feeling. And then in the Sky business, if you part of the strategy, I think, for that business has always been to try to grow the OTT platform in Europe given the strength of that brand. Is there a way that you can accelerate that transition now just given that theyre experiencing a lot of the same lockdowns that we are here to try to sort of build the lifeboat, if you will, for the traditional distribution business? And actually, if I could squeeze in just one simpler and more technical question on theme parks, just can you give us an idea of what the breakeven occupancy or attendance rate would have to be when you reopen in order to be profitable?
Brian Roberts: Okay. That has touched on all parts of the company. So why dont we start with you, Dave, on SMB and business services, and well go over to Jeremy. And then maybe, Mike, you take the parks question, if you want, or Jeff?
Dave Watson: Got it, Brian. Craig, so this is what we are experiencing right now is primarily, as you noted an SMB issue. In a number of businesses where Mike mentioned earlier, where we have paused their accounts, there is no question, there has been an uptick, an increase. But the rate of that increase is declining. And so you take that, its not a huge number but its were working with our clients to stay very focused on that. There will be some impact for sure as we go into Q2. But overall, to counter, as you referenced, in SMB, were still the challenger with around 40% or so penetration. So there the fundamentals of SMB are still very good, and theres penetration upside. Were going to go after it. And we still are getting a fair amount of connect business even during this period. So our teams on it. Weve had to redeploy folks. People that were out working in communities are now doing driving demand in other ways. And its and were getting some effective responses. So well stay on that. I think that last point before I turn it over is, over the last decade plus since launching, we started off with SMB, still the primary part of our business. But we have most definitely materially diversified to midsized and enterprise business now. So these segments are really important for us right now, will be in the future. Thats where most of the penetration upside is. So really proud of our Bill Stemper, the business services team, great local operations that have moved on a dime to handle a lot of this at this moment, but we certainly are planning for multiple scenarios. Well work with our small business clients. We want to be a partner with them, getting them through it. And so I am optimistic coming out of it, and well be there for them when that happens.
Jeremy Darroch: Thanks. Jeremy here jumping in. The answer is yes, Craig. It will form a bigger part of our mix. Its another string to our bow, if you like. But well do that in complement to our main services as well. Sky Q, which had been a priority for us, as you know, going into this year, one of the slightly frustrating things as it was going really very well at the start of the year, slightly had to take a step back because of the crisis. But it reminds me of the strength of our platform. But we can push hard on OTT, all of our streaming services. Were already providing Sky Q directly over fiber in Italy. And all of these provide us with good alternatives and different ways to get to customers in this environment.
Mike Cavanagh: And lastly, its Mike on your parks question, Craig. Its something well short of typical. Seasonally through the year, were operating at typical seasonal levels, which are, for the most part of the year, well below full capacity anyway. And so then versus typical, I would guess that were breaking even and certainly when we get to sort of 50% of typical, which will be well below capacity on average. And I think another point would just be versus the number I gave for $500 million in second quarter loss if the parks are closed for the full quarter, as Jeff said, if theyre closed longer, theres ability to flex and do more and change that long-term rate if we are staying closed. But on the other side of that, if we open and have lower attendance, at the lower end because our priority is going to be to make the parks safe, and so were not going to push for attendance. But at pretty low levels of return attendance as things ramp up, well be in better shape than were the parks to be closed.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Craig. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Philip Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip Cusick: Hey guys. Thanks. Number one, can you think through the puts and takes to cash flow this year versus last? I know there is a lot of differences between the timing of cash going out the door and some of the amortization, especially at NBC. And then second, Comcast is taking pride in keeping leverage low to take advantage of disruption opportunities. I understand not buying stock next year, but would you consider buying assets if things come to market at distressed levels or is de-levering from here still your top priority? Thanks.
Mike Cavanagh: So Ill take that. Its Mike, Phil. So in terms of puts and takes on cash, as I said, for total capital spend, weve got were down 5%, 5.2% in the first quarter with declines across all businesses. And I think the natural that will naturally be where we expect the full year to be, which would be sort of modestly down in 2020 versus 2019 across all of our businesses for the host of reasons, some things just getting slowed down, some things getting paused like Epic Universe. So in any event, total capital is down modestly for the year. And then on working capital, its the toughest one to predict, lots of volatility and unpredictability in it. But that said, my commentary there was that wed expect to be roughly flat for the full company, best I can tell as were sitting here now. And thats really on the back of increases that well see in the cable business this year. We got an extra payroll period. Well do political ads in the fourth quarter that dont get paid until the until were in the first quarter 2021, etcetera. So and then just a little bit of expected slowdown in consumer payment is why working capital will be up year-over-year in cable, and that offsets declines at NBCU and Sky, which is caused by slowdown in production typically in the TV and film businesses and a little bit of impact on sports. But Id caveat that one. As we continue conversations with especially with sports-related partners like the Olympics, etc., those numbers could change over the course of the year. But those are the various puts and takes. And then on leverage ratio, its important to us that we get back to the leverage ratio commitments we gave to the rating agency. That continues to be a top priority. I think obviously were going to be delayed in getting there because of the pressure on EBITDA that comes from COVID particularly related to parks. So it will take time for those to ramp back up. And I think our focus as Brian said, weve got lots of opportunity in our existing businesses, and that will be priority number two. And I would never say we wouldnt be taking a look at things that are sort of inorganic opportunities but the bar would be pretty high.
Brian Roberts: Yes. I just would only add that definitely that last part, our focus is the businesses weve got. We feel were in a wonderful position. Again, as I think about the timetable, we know parks are going to reopen and we know sports is going to get back. So these are a temporary hit. And I think being home and watching sports, I think, is pretty safe. And thats going to return pretty quickly to a great business. And then I look at the majority of the company being broadband in peoples homes and people who are spending more time in their homes, and thats not going to change quickly. And thats a great opportunity to develop new products and relationships and deepen those relationships. So as weve looked at it, as we talked as a team, I dont think we would trade positions with anybody. We like our company. We like our hand, and we are going to be focused on improving from here
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, Phil. And we have time for one last question.
Operator: The last question will come from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Okay, great. Following up on those latest comments on high-speed data, obviously, great numbers even without connect America and the free subs. Can you talk a little bit about the strength there in terms of is it share gains given the ease of self-installation? Or are you guys seeing penetration gains in sort of wiring up what were previously wireless-only customers, given the need for the work-from-home environment? And then I think you guys gave some sub guidance on the video side and some revenue guidance on the high-speed data side. But can you talk about how you expect the sub trends to sort of play out through the course of the year and whether you think the trends youre seeing now are sort of more related to the outbreak or could you see some secular strength and some follow-through given the demand for connectivity?
Brian Roberts: So Ill start. Dave, I think you can help on that. But I think the we think we have a superior product, and weve been investing in our network. Weve had a focus weve seen a shift coming in customers behaviors. We saw this and really put our emphasis on innovating in broadband, whether its speed, coverage, control of various things that xFi stands for the brand itself. And I think a lot of this was happening before there was COVID, and the momentum has been terrific. And Dave and his team, I think, are really, really all over it, and were very pleased, both from product side, service side and marketing and consumer perception. And so why wouldnt this be continued at some level? You then have to put that in the face of huge economic shifts in the country and just temper in that regard as to we dont know what the economic outlook looks and the slope of recovery. But in terms of focus, I dont think theres a better focus that we could be having than Dave and the teams. So Dave, why dont you talk a little more about that?
Dave Watson: Thanks, Brian. John, so as Brian said, this has been our top priority, continues to be our top priority going forward. And our mission has been to redefine what great broadband is, and Brian hit it. Its were investing, and we have a really great product road map that really hits on all of it, speed, coverage control and now streaming with the addition of Flex and all the content that comes with it. So in this moment, robust, reliable network that can consistently handle this uptick in data consumption as well as all the devices with the WiFi coverage in the home, we have invested and built the network that can stand up to this moment, and its going to be important going forward. So and were not standing still, but were going to continue to improve the value of broadband. And I mentioned introducing Flex that comes with our included in our broadband service, and this is focused for the broadband-only segment. And Jeff mentioned Peacock already. This comes with Peacock comes with Flex. High levels of engagement with content, its a great video addition to the broadband service. So but to your main point, John, even in this environment, you have lower move activity thats suppressing some of the activity, but there are many sources of new broadband share opportunity. And we continue to compete for share from the primary competitors. Thats a big source of business even right now that we take share from folks, we just have a better product and thats proven out and people need it right now, and well continue to. Theres still a lot of DSL. There is some nevers, never broadbands out there. You had mentioned mobile-only. People are finding you need broadband. And I think once they experience what xFi is, I think were optimistic about them staying with it. So along with historic record churn, I think were proving right now that we can attract new business for broadband as we go forward. So you look at the 477,000 in Q1 that we feel we took out theres no Internet Essentials in that number. Theres appropriate reserve that we took out for bad debt projections. Its not material in Q1, but we took it. And we think that going forward, April, as Mike mentioned, is a very good start. Its impossible to say how things are going to play out through the quarter. But the fundamentals and the momentum that we have, I think weve proven that we can drive connects and that we have well maintain solid churn. So Im optimistic about our momentum as we go into the rest of the year.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks guys.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, John. So that concludes our first quarter 2020 earnings call. Thank you all for joining us this morning, and please stay safe.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. There will be a replay available of todays call starting at 12:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time and will run through Thursday, May 7 at midnight Eastern Standard Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056, and the conference ID number is 9334849. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the companys website beginning at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Standard Time today. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke, Dave Watson, and Jeremy Darroch. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks; and Steve, Dave, and Jeremy will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to slide number 2 which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Good morning, everyone. Before we get to the results, I'd like to embarrass our friend Jason Armstrong just for a moment and thank you for your incredible hard work these past six years as Head of Investor Relations. And on behalf of everyone at Comcast and I believe all the investors say thanks for a great run and we wish you terrific success in your new role as group Chief Financial Officer of Sky. Also I'd like to welcome Marci Ryvicker who's joining to take over Investor Relations. Marci's got a talented and successful past and welcome to Comcast. 2019 was a busy productive and exciting year for our company; capped off by a strong fourth quarter and we've already jumped right into 2020 with the debut of our exciting new streaming service Peacock. As you heard last week, it's a truly differentiated approach to streaming that leverages capabilities from all across our company. As we look to the future, I am confident that the company we have built has all the necessary components to succeed and our guiding principles remain the same. The leaders in our markets continuously improve our products and experiences and build deep highly valuable recurring customer relationships. Our world-class teams are executing and operating at a high level all of which allows us to invest in our businesses and deliver consistent results. The success of our strategy is demonstrated in our consolidated financial performance. We delivered another year of terrific results with growth in pro forma EBITDA of 5.9%, record free cash flow generation of $13.4 billion, growth in adjusted EPS of 14.7%, the 10th year of double-digit growth in the last 11 years. These results were driven by Cable as the team successful pivot to a connectivity-centric strategy and investment in xFi continue to pay off. Cable delivered broadband net additions of 1.4 million, the best in the last 12 years, finishing off with an exceptional fourth quarter which included 442,000 net additions, a 26% increase over the prior year. In addition, we continue to reap the benefits from our ongoing investments to improve customer experience setting all-time best for many key metrics including agent contact rate and first call resolution. We're increasing customer satisfaction and driving unnecessary costs out of the business. All-in, this drove 1.1 million net customer relationship additions in 2019, our best year on record, as well as outstanding EBITDA growth of 7.3% and net cash flow growth of 18% for the full year. Thank you Dave Watson and your incredible team you're doing a phenomenal job. At NBC, our content continues to resonate with consumers. We were the most watched media company in the U.S. in 2019. NBC ended the 52-week season at number one in the key demo for the sixth consecutive year and Telemundo was number one for the third straight year in weekday prime. Our film business grew EBITDA by double digits to $833 million making it the third most profitable year in Universal's history, providing further evidence that our strategic slate approach is working. At Theme Parks, we had a challenging fourth quarter but overall it was a solid year during a particularly competitive period and we are looking forward to new attractions in parks to drive growth in the coming years. In its first full year as part of Comcast, despite difficult European market conditions, Sky had a good year under Jeremy Darroch and his team, delivering healthy customer additions and 12% EBITDA growth on a constant currency basis. Our exclusive sports and award winning original content are resonating with our customers in Europe with viewership up year-over-year. Sky has been a great addition year-over-year. Sky has been a great addition to Comcast and positions us to better compete in a world where global scale matters. As I mentioned at the outset, we have all the pieces in place for long-term success. True to our guiding principles in 2020, we are leaning into investments that further improve our products and experiences across the company. First, we'll continue to strengthen our already leading position in broadband. At Cable, we are launching our fastest gateway, delivering true multi-gig speeds with unprecedented Wi-Fi range and we're providing our customers with added protection by offering new features like xFi advanced security for free. At Sky, we are building on our success in broadband in the U.K. and Cable's continued success with xFi in the U.S. to launch broadband in Italy this year. Second, we will focus on the emerging growth areas of streaming and content aggregation by launching Peacock and accelerating our deployment of Flex and Sky Q. Consumers are watching more and more video driven by growth in streaming. And as we highlighted last week, we believe that Peacock a premium ad-supported service hits the mark for both consumers and advertisers. In this app-driven world, consumers increasingly are overwhelmed by content fragmentation and endless scrolling. So with X1 and Sky Q, we enable our customers to aggregate all their apps and linear channels under TV and seamlessly search access and view all their content. At Cable, we leveraged X1 to launch our newest service Flex to better serve the segment of our broadband customers that prefer streaming only. Our early results with Flex show that our customers love it. In our first month we could not keep enough inventory and stock and we're deploying Flex as fast as we can. Based on the proven success we had with X1 in the United States at Sky we're now accelerating the deployment of Sky Q getting to X1 like penetration levels as quickly as possible. This is good for our customers and generates very attractive financial returns. Finally we have some exciting new investments in our park business. This year we will open Super Nintendo World in Japan with launches in the U.S. to follow in the coming years. Super Nintendo World combines one of a kind ride technology with iconic IP for a remarkable guest experience and we believe it has the potential to drive substantial incremental attendance at Universal Studios, Japan. On top of that we are also investing for long-term growth with two amazing brand-new parks. We'll open Beijing in 2021, the largest park we have ever built and have started construction on Universal's Epic Universe, a new world-class park in Orlando opening in 2023. The parks business is set up for growth for years to come. The scale, capabilities and talent across our company enable us to successfully execute our long-term growth strategy while also strengthening our balance sheet and returning capital to shareholders. Earlier this morning, we announced that we are raising our dividend by $0.08 for 2020, up 10% over the prior year and our 12th consecutive annual increase. Before I hand the call over to Mike I want to take a moment to personally recognize Steve Burke, whose contributions have been instrumental in shaping not only my career with the company that we are today. It's impossible for me to overstate what a terrific partner Steve has been. His leadership first to Comcast cable and later at NBCUniversal have been a critical component of our company's growth and success. And maybe even more significantly his impact on our culture and personal integrity have been truly defining. Steve has built a great team at NBCUniversal led by Jeff Shell and I know we are in good hands going forward. Thank you Steve. Mike over to you.
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin by reviewing our consolidated results on Slides 4 and 5. As a reminder, we completed our acquisition of Sky in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our reported results includes Sky from the acquisition date while pro forma results are as if the Sky transaction had occurred on January 1, 2017. Revenue increased 2% to $28.4 billion on a reported basis and was consistent with the prior year on a pro forma basis for the fourth quarter. For the full year, revenue increased 15% to $108.9 billion on a reported basis and was consistent with the prior year on a pro forma basis. Adjusted EBITDA increased 3% to $8.4 billion on a reported basis and 2.1% on a pro forma basis for the fourth quarter and increased 14% to $34.3 billion on a reported basis and 5.9% on a pro forma basis for the full year. Adjusted earnings per share increased 9.7% to $0.79 for the quarter and 15% to $3.13 for the year. Finally, free cash flow was $2.5 billion in the quarter and $13.4 billion for the full year. Now let's turn to our segment results starting with Cable Communications on slide six. For the full year, Cable revenue increased 3.7%, EBITDA increased 7.3% and net cash flow increased 18%. Total customer relationships grew by 1.1 million to 31.5 million, an increase of 3.7% year-over-year. On a per relationship basis, EBITDA grew 3.5% and net cash flow grew 14%. For the fourth quarter, Cable revenue increased 2.6% to $14.8 billion, EBITDA increased 5.4% to $5.9 billion and net cash flow increased 13% to $3.3 billion. We generated 372,000 customer relationship net additions in the quarter, a record for any quarter. These results reflect our commitment to innovation, execution and driving profitable growth, including our continued focus on our high-margin connectivity businesses, residential high-speed internet and business services. Together residential and business services generated 442, 000 broadband customer net additions in the quarter and 1.4 million net additions for the full year. In fact, on the residential side of the business, high-speed internet revenue was the largest contributor to year-over-year growth at Cable, growing 8.8% in the fourth quarter and 9.4% for the full year. We believe that our consistent and ongoing investment to extend our leadership in broadband through speed, coverage, control and now streaming, as well as through security and privacy is unique among our competitors and across the industry. We will continue to benefit from the growth in the overall market for broadband and we are taking share with a superior product. On the business services side, revenue increased 8.8% to $2 billion in the fourth quarter, driven by a 4.1% increase in business customers year-over-year and a 4.3% increase in revenue per business customer, as we've added new products, including WiFi Pro and SecurityEdge. We ended the year at nearly $8 billion in business services revenue, with an addressable market just in our footprint of approximately $50 billion. There's no shortage of new customers or additional revenue for us to capture in this margin accretive growth business. In 2020, we expect to deliver another year of well over $2 billion in highly margin accretive revenue growth in residential broadband and business services, on top of the $26.5 billion in revenue that we generated from these businesses in 2019. Turning to video. Video is still valuable for us to attach to our broadband centric customer relationships, but only to the extent that it helps us increase the lifetime value of those relationships. We've consistently said that there is a segment of the market that either doesn't value a traditional pay-TV service or isn't profitable for us to serve. We're not chasing the segment of the market and we saw fewer new connects with these customers. With the rate adjustments that we are implementing in 2020, as well as the ongoing changes in consumer behavior, we expect higher video subscriber losses this year. Within this environment, our X1 platform enables us to compete well for customers who want the most content and a premium experience, including their favorite streaming apps. And now with Flex, we're able to better serve the customer segment that prefers to stream over-the-top and we are prioritizing Flex as a key initiative in 2020. Moving on to our wireless business, we continue to be happy with what we're seeing with Xfinity Mobile and its positive impact on the Cable business. We launched Xfinity Mobile two and a half years ago and we ended 2019 with more than two million lines including the 261,000 net adds in the fourth quarter. We are pleased with the acceleration in net adds in the fourth quarter and we expect this momentum to continue in 2020. Our results to-date indicate that adding mobile improves broadband customer retention and increases prospective customers' consideration. And importantly, we continue to see a significant improvement in the financial performance at Xfinity Mobile. We reduced our quarterly adjusted EBITDA losses at Xfinity Mobile to $116 million, a 40% improvement compared to last year's fourth quarter and we expect Xfinity Mobile to be EBITDA positive for the full year in 2021. And finally, advertising revenue in the quarter decreased 19.1% due to a comparison to record political spending in the prior year period. Excluding political, advertising revenue in the fourth quarter was consistent with the same period last year. Moving now to Cable expense and margin on Slide 7, total Cable expenses in the fourth quarter were relatively consistent with the prior year, despite our record growth in customer relationships as we continue to benefit from cost management, our connectivity-centric strategy, and a lack of programming renewals. On a per customer relationship basis, non-programming OpEx decreased 1.9% compared to the same period last year. We're clearly seeing the benefits of our ongoing focus on operational improvements as we continue to make progress in providing a better overall experience and eliminating unnecessary activity and transactions including through digital service tools. On a full year basis, non-programming OpEx per relationship improved by 2% and we expect continued improvement in 2020. Cable EBITDA margins were 39.8% in the fourth quarter of 2019, up 100 basis points year-over-year and 40.1% for the full year, up 140 basis points. For 2020, we expect higher programming expense growth due to a number of contracts scheduled for renewal during the year with the increase in expense back-half weighted. Despite this we expect to improve Cable EBITDA margin by up to 50 basis points for the full year benefiting from growth in our high margin connectivity businesses, continued operational improvements, better performance at Xfinity Mobile, as well as higher political advertising revenue. We're also pleased with the efficiency of and returns on our Cable capital expenditures. CapEx decreased 10.5% to $6.9 billion for the full year resulting in CapEx intensity of 11.9%, 190 basis points of year-over-year improvement. Looking ahead, we'll continue to invest in the business to extend our leading market position. However, based on the size and consistency of our past investment and our leading scale, we can continue to improve our capital intensity. In 2020, we expect approximately 50 basis points of year-over-year improvement, reflecting continued decreases and video-centric CPE spending, partially offset by an increase in the level of investment in our network, consistent with the broader shift in our business towards connectivity. These are demand driven and success based investments and we're happy to make them. In summary, we feel great about Cable's results in 2019 and we're confident that the business will continue to deliver healthy growth in 2020. Now, I'll turn to NBCUniversal's results on slide 8. NBCUniversal's revenue declined 2.6% to $9.2 billion and EBITDA declined 4.7% to $2 billion in the quarter. Cable Networks revenue increased 1.2% to $2.9 billion and EBITDA declined 1.4% to $1 billion in the fourth quarter as solid growth in advertising and content licensing and other revenue was more than offset by higher programming and production costs and subscriber declines. Advertising revenue increased 2%, benefiting from the timing of returning series, Golf's Presidents Cup and improved MSNBC performance. Content licensing and other revenue increased 3.4%, reflecting continued timing related licensing comparisons to last year, which was more than offset by the performance of some of our digital businesses. Distribution revenue was flat year-over-year as the ongoing benefits of previous renewal agreements were largely offset by subscriber losses that modestly accelerated in the quarter. Against the backdrop of continued subscriber declines, it will be tough to grow affiliate revenue until our next round of renewals starting in 2021. Overall higher revenue in the quarter was more than offset by increased expenses, primarily driven by the timing of programming and a couple of new sports contracts that will continue to impact our first half 2020 results. Broadcast revenue increased 2.1% to $3.2 billion and EBITDA increased 14% to $471 million driven by growth in retrans and content licensing partially offset by lower advertising revenue. Advertising revenue declined 1.5%, largely reflecting a difficult comparison to record political advertising last year. Adjusting for this comparison, advertising would have been up low single digits, reflecting strong NFL results and the benefits of higher upfront pricing, partially offset by ratings declines. Retrans increased over 10% to nearly $500 million bringing the full year total to $2 billion, up about 15% compared to 2018. Content licensing increased 5.8%, reflecting the delivery of content under our existing licensing agreements as well as new licensing deals. Last, we expect to benefit from a profitable Tokyo Olympics this summer and anticipate robust political advertising in the back half of the year. Turning to film. Revenue declined 21% to $1.6 billion and EBITDA declined by $88 million to $91 million, reflecting a tough comparison to the size and timing of our slate in the fourth quarter of 2018, which included the successful releases of Grinch and Halloween. Overall, we had a great year in film highlighted by key franchise animated hits including DreamWorks, How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World and Secret Life of Pets 2. The summer spin-off of our temple Fast and Furious franchise, Hobbs & Shaw. Successful original movies, such as Glass and Us, as well as Downton Abbey, which was focused features top title of all time. For the full year, film EBITDA increased 14% to $833 million. Looking ahead to 2020, we are excited about our film business and outlook for growth, underscored by a continuation of our strategic slate strategy. Keep in mind, the first quarter will have a tough comparison to the release of How To Train Your Dragon but we have several exciting films opening later this year including more animated franchise titles with Trolls World Tour this spring, Minions 2 this summer and Croods 2 at the end of the year along with another summer installment in the Fast and Furious franchise. Wrapping up the TV and film segments, we are confident and optimistic in our ability to continue monetizing our vast portfolio of new and existing premium content. As we've said before, we will sponsor a broad and varied distribution environment by continuing to license to third-parties when it makes sense and NBCUniversal went benefit from selling to new buyers of content including our very own Peacock. As we discussed at our investor event last week, we believe that Peacock will be a fantastic product for consumers and advertisers alike and a new channel to better monetize our content. Theme Parks revenue increased 3.2% to $1.6 billion and EBITDA declined 4.5% to $636 million reflecting steady results at our domestic parks, offset by some softness at our Japan park. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our outlook for growth in the parks business, which will benefit from our robust pipeline of new attractions. At our domestic parks, we'll have a new Jason Borne themed live-action stunt shows and over 2000 hotel rooms coming online in Orlando this year, as well as a Secret life of Pets theme ride in Hollywood. And we're especially excited for the opening of Super Nintendo World at Universal Studios in Japan, which will be opened and ready during the summer coinciding nicely with the Tokyo Olympics. Pre-opening expenses for this new land in Japan will weigh on results in the first half of 2020 but we expect Super Nintendo World to be a meaningful driver of our parks results in the second half. We're also looking forward to the opening of our park in Beijing in 2021, which will be a major milestone for us and we'll see some pre-opening expenses throughout this year. Even longer term we're excited for Epic Universe, which will transform our already successful Orlando Park. Now let's move on to Sky results on Slide 9. As a reminder, I will be referring to our pro forma results as if the Sky transaction had occurred on January 1, 2017 and growth rates on a constant currency basis consistent with what's reflected in our earnings release. Sky revenue increased 1.4% to $5 billion as growth in direct-to-consumer and content revenue was offset by lower advertising. Overall, macro headwinds have persisted but Sky continues to perform well in a challenging environment. Direct-to-consumer revenue increased by 2.3% to $4 billion, driven by growth in customer relationships. Sky added 77,000 customers during the quarter, ending the year with 24 million total customer relationships and average revenue per customer remains stable. As expected, we delivered improvement in net adds compared to the third quarter. Sky delivered customer growth in all three territories in the fourth quarter and continue to make good progress in growing key products, including broadband and mobile. Content revenue grew by 2.7% to $371 million, with growth driven by the wholesaling of programming. Importantly, viewership on Sky channels was impressive. In the fourth quarter, total viewership on Sky's branded channels was up 5%, while total TV viewership on non-Sky channels was flat. Viewership across Sky sports channels was up 8%, driven by the performance of Formula 1 in Italy and the Premier League in the U.K. On advertising, the market remains soft across all of our territories, reflecting continued macro weakness, as well as the impact of a change in legislation related to gambling advertising in the U.K. and Italy, which began impacting our results in 3Q, 2019. Against this backdrop, advertising revenue in the quarter declined by 4.1% to $647 million. Sky's fourth quarter EBITDA of $765 million was consistent with the prior year, as revenue growth was offset by higher costs, in part driven by our efforts to accelerate the deployment of Sky Q. In 2020, we'll continue the accelerated deployment and we are coming out of the gate quickly. As a reminder, like X1, Sky Q enabled the aggregation of streaming apps and other advanced features, functionality that's not available on our legacy platform. Our Sky Q customers have higher viewership, better retention levels, better product attachment and higher ARPU and therefore, we want more of our customers to have it and quickly. We're pleased with the progress Sky is making by delivering growth in customer relationships and creating award-winning popular content. We expect these tailwinds to continue in 2020, but keep in mind, we also expect our results will continue to be impacted by the challenging macroeconomic environment and changes in gambling legislation. All in, before the few hundred million dollars of investment we've previously outlined for Sky Q and broadband in Italy and using today's foreign exchange rates, we expect Sky's 2020 EBITDA to be consistent with our reported 2019 results. I'll wrap up with free cash flow and capital allocation on slide 10. We generated a record $13.4 billion in free cash flow and paid $3.7 billion in dividends to our shareholders in 2019. We also made great progress in leveraging, ending the year at 2.8 times net leverage down from 3.3 times at the end of 2018. Deleveraging will remain a top focus for us in 2020, which we will balance with the key investment priorities we have outlined across Cable, NBCUniversal and Sky. On return of capital, as Brian mentioned, we raised our dividend by $0.80 to $0.92 a share, a 10% increase, marking our 12th consecutive annual increase. And in 2021, we expect that we will be well positioned to resume share repurchases. In summary, 2019 was another fantastic year for Comcast and the fundamentals of our business remains strong. We feel good about our outlook for 2020 and expect our overall performance to accelerate through the year. Jason over to you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Mike. Let's open up the call for Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Good morning. Two questions. Brian you mentioned in your prepared remarks sort of the benefits of global scale across the company. And I think there's certainly a debate in the market about that a bit. So, I was curious if you could sort of touch on it in two ways. One, how does this scale out Comcast to grow faster over time? Obviously, we've seen some very strong results across the company recently, but I'd love to get more thoughts from you on how that plays out? And secondly, how do you assess sort of the optimal level of scale? I'm sure there's a lot of interest from shareholders about where you think about future acquisition opportunities? Or how you think about deploying capital longer term? And then while you think about that Mike you mentioned some comments about free cash flow at a conference last year. Comcast delivers pretty consistent double-digit earnings growth and you've raised the dividend consistently double-digits. Should free cash flow over time generally follow earnings and the overall dividend growth? Because obviously you guys are in a pretty heavy investment year this year and I think people are obviously interested in the free cash flow profile over time. Thank you. Thank you, both.
Brian Roberts: Well, let me begin. Thank you, Ben. I do think we have consistent growth across all parts of the business Sky was a unique asset. And I don't want to look backwards more than just for a moment here to your question. And I think it happened. I'm really thrilled we bought it. I feel better about that decision today the nature of our company; we displayed a great technical team at the Peacock Day, the ability for Cable to help with broadband, Jason going over to be CFO. The gentleman running Germany, who is our Head of Strategy there's -- it's -- we're a better company. And it's a longer conversation, happy to have it. But I think the essence of your question if I might -- might be well do you feel you have to go to other countries and what are you thinking about? And one of the points we tried to make throughout this year is that if you take the four countries; U.S. plus the three principal U.K., Germany, and Italy where Sky principally operates, that represents 50% of the world's broadband and video revenues and that's pretty extraordinary. So, our strategy with now $60 million or $55 million or so relationships and growing those relationships and we had a great year in growing customer relationships with a terrific ARPU north of $100 these are exceptional opportunities. So, I don't want to say we won't look at other things and consider other things but it's -- there was nothing quite like Sky. It was unique. Mike?
Mike Cavanagh: So, Ben on free cash flow, it's certainly our stated objective and belief that we can healthy -- get healthy growth of free cash flow over the long-term. Said that before at the recent conference and continue to believe that's the case. We don't focus on it on -- in the near-term and this year coming up obviously we talked about the many investments in organic growth that will benefit that long-term free cash flow growth trajectory. So, we'll have that pressure in some Olympics working capital in 2020. But the dividend increase is absolutely an indication that we feel very confident in the long-term growth trajectory of free cash flow.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you, guys.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Ben. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. I wanted to focus on streaming so both Flex and Peacock. For Mike or Dave with -- Mike, you talked about prioritizing Flex in 2020, sort of, what specifically does that mean? And for you both what's your vision as to what that service will look like in a few years? And I guess I'm thinking not just your everything that you bring to bear but also third-party apps and how they're authenticated integrated into Flex as well? And then for Steve on Peacock, I think the Peacock Analyst Day was well received but I'm getting the question a lot as to what the difference will be between the premium and free tiers? And I'm also getting the question that if it's free what would the friction be signing up other distributors other than Cox? Thank you all.
Dave Watson: Hey Doug this is Dave. So let me start with Flex. And I think Flex shows and in particular the Flex and Peacock combination just shows how uniquely positioned we are for streaming. And Flex is a natural extension of two things; our broadband innovation and also the fact that we've been investing steadily in X1. So we're -- Flex is going to help fuel broadband over time. Comes with it's free as Brian has said and we'll continue to innovate around broadband. So you look at what's coming up. And we have tons of apps that are available right now. We're pleased with the road map ahead, good progress coming up for Flex in terms of content, Hulu, we talked about CBS All Access we'll be the first to do that. But we in particular we're really excited about the prospects of Flex and Peacock together. So that's -- that is I think a real opportunity. In addition down the road and of course the main consideration is broadband growth with Flex. But I think it opens up other opportunities whether it's app participation or -- and/or advertising. It's a great long-term platform for us.
Mike Cavanagh: So if you include Dave's broadband business plus Flex and Peacock, I think our company is better positioned as the world moves to streaming than any other company in the world. And I think you could argue in the next 10 or 20 years, if you look at all those three businesses combined, we could make more money in streaming than anyone else by a lot. If you then move to Peacock, the idea behind Peacock and Matt Strauss mentioned Spotify. It's a little bit like Spotify. We have an entry level of Peacock, which is about 7,500 hours, which is completely free for anyone. We then have a 15,000 hour version of Peacock that costs $5 if you're not a member of a participating cable or satellite company that provides multi-channel video. That universe is still about 80%. So 80% of the people in America I think eventually are going to be able to get that $5 product for free. As to your question about other cable companies and satellite companies it's such a great value to be able to give all of your customers a product that's $5 a month in value or $60 a year for free that I think eventually we will get the vast majority if not all of cable and satellite it will take some time. And a lot of times the Peacock discussion will be tied to the ongoing MVPD discussion and we have a lot of big deals up in this year. But I think by the end of this year, you're going to see the $5 Peacock product be offered for free to a lot of cable and satellite customers.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you both.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, Doug. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Ehrlich with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jessica Ehrlich: Thanks. I have I guess three questions for the three divisions. On Peacock, can you talk a little bit about how you see  what will the impact be on your legacy businesses including TV stations, Cable Networks and I guess other Comcast businesses? Going back to Flex, it's such an interesting product. You're keeping customers engaged on the Comcast platform. Can you talk about a little bit more detail about what the benefits would be for I mean, it seems like there might be benefits for advertising as well as other parts of your business? And then on Sky this $300 million or so step-up in investment, can you talk about how that will drive growth in the various businesses in 2020 and beyond? If there's anything more specific you can say about growth? That would be great.
Brian Roberts: Let me start with Peacock's effect on the other businesses. If you imagine a television show where 70% of the viewing comes from some place other than linear television. What Peacock is designed to do is to go after that 70% get it on our platform in a place where we're ad-supported and we get 100% of the ad revenue. That's the intent. And if you look at it from that perspective, I think Peacock is going to be very good for our company. We're going to make more money from the television ecosystem and that will allow us to continue to invest in the linear platform. So if I were talking to an affiliate, if I were talking to a cable company, I would say Peacock is a way to make us a better stronger competitor in a way that's good for all of our businesses not just streaming.
Mike Cavanagh: So in regards to Flex, Jessica, the  it starts with our strategy. And I think it gives us real choice in the marketplace. And we will continue to compete I think very well for the many segments that value X1 and everything that that brings. But for this growing streaming segment, it really positions us well. It's a great proposition being able to use all the attributes of X1, the voice capability, the integrated data being able to find what you want very quickly. So in terms of the drivers, your point is a good one. You look at the first one is going to help us compete  continue to do well with broadband. So we're going to look at broadband share growth and Flex will be part of that one of several things that we're doing. You do look at additional revenue opportunities, whether it's everything from the  when we sell an app on this platform we participate in that economically. There is going to be a long-term a platform. You can think about advertising. And in addition there's syndication. We have great partners that we have with X1. And I would anticipate that we'll continue to make progress in syndication with Flex with these partners. So I think it's  we will use it as a growth platform primarily focused on broadband but we'll be opportunistic going forward in these other areas?
Dave Watson: Yes, sorry. And then on Sky, the investments we're making here. So Sky Q look we think that's the best TV service here in Europe. So we want to accelerate its penetration in our base. We're actually pulling costs forward really rather than spending additional cost  pulling costs for in our plan to get Sky Q penetration more quickly. The benefit is really a twofold the short-term benefits or purely financial really. As Mike alluded to we see lower churn, higher viewing, higher ARPU. And of course as we sell Sky Q into our customer base basically gives us the opportunity to cross-sell another product or more products at the point in which we do that. And then the second thing to say is, we had Sky Q in the base now for some  good line of sight in terms of the financial returns that flow from those investments and whilst the number aggregate, so it's all customer by customer. So if you don't get the customer from the  if you look at the benefits, you don't get -- you don't spend the cost up front. If you see what I mean. The second one that is broadband in Italy. Obviously, that's a big new adjacent category for us, about a $7 billion market in Italy. We've got a very strong and credible brand. We know that, in Italy, to step into the broadband market. I think, we've got all the skills that we need across the company to be able to do that. The longer-term investment profile, a very strong one again, given that it's a new category. And then, beyond that, I think, the real benefit, as we've seen here in the U.K. is that's a business that we think we can grow the significant scale over time. It was probably the single biggest thing we did in the U.K. to step change our business growth in the U.K. So I think the tail of growth we'll see from broadband and the ability for broadband to reset the size of our business in Italy is pretty strong. And then, the final thing I'd say, just operating in Europe. One of the great things about being part of the broader Comcast group, from my point of view, is of course we can keep our foot on the gas and accelerate these investments while we see strong returns profiles at a time when many in Europe are probably being a bit more cautious in a more challenging consumer environment. So, I think, this is a good example of how, as part of the broader group we can really think about the medium-term returns from Sky and drive those hard. And we'll see those benefits progressively come through in 2020 then into 2021.
Jessica Ehrlich: Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, Jessica. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Great, thanks. Maybe some questions for Dave. Dave, you've had some solid results this quarter and this year in your connectivity businesses, maybe first starting with broadband. The 1.4 million subs accelerated second time in a row on a year-over-year basis. Is that a decent number for 2020? And can you talk a little bit about the pricing power that you may have in that business, given that the deceleration we're seeing in high-speed data revenues. And then, over in wireless, again, another solid quarter. You talked about momentum continuing into 2020. What's driving the growth there? Is it improved distribution? Is it handset availability? I think your pricing has been the same, but the sub numbers continue to beat our view. So some commentary there would be great too. Thanks.
Dave Watson: Well, thanks John. And I won't give the specifics in regards to 2020. But I would say that the $1.4 million does demonstrate just consistency, broad-based growth strength across our entire area when it comes to broadband. So, pleased with the quarter, pleased with the year and pleased with momentum going forward. So, yeah, it starts with that we're going to grow relationships with broadband. This is our top priority. It's what we focus on when it comes to innovation. I talked about Flex that we have many other examples of innovation, including the advanced security product that we are rolling out for free to those that lease our gateway device. Another example of that, speed increases we continue to do. So very, very focused. We wake up every day thinking about how are we going to grow and sustain broadband. And so  and it's working. I think xFi, when you combine the best of speed, the best of control, coverage, Brian mentioned a great new gateway device. We're leading in regards to the gateway devices that are in the marketplace. We feel in terms of the combination of speed, Wi-Fi speed and Wi-Fi coverage and combine that with the pods that we have in the marketplace. So all these things, I think, position us well going forward. So, our game plan is to continue to lead with broadband. I think it is very sustainable. You look at the macro conditions the marketplace is growing. On penetration we have upside and we're taking share. So, -- and we're balancing this share growth with strong financial performance. For the year, we're pleased. One point in terms of the quarter-to-quarter revenue performance just to make sure there's some context there that we did move out a couple of rate increases of Q4 into the early part of 2020. So, if you look on a go-forward basis, I think you're going to see good strong runway for growth in share, growth in revenue on a per subscriber basis and for the whole category. So, real pleased with our momentum going forward. In Wireless I would say the keys there are a little bit of maturity. We talked about the reasons why we're doing it. We're real pleased with broadband retention. The area that's beginning to pick up that we're really pleased that we wanted to focus on is just growing consideration using wireless because I think it does help broadband. But getting people into retail stores they didn't really think about doing that think about doing that before beginning to see real traction in retail. Most certainly when you see a solid product introduction like Apple that they had in other wireless devices, I think we benefit. We're in a good position for bringing your own device. I think we're uniquely positioned in the ability to have a combination of unlimited and by the gig pricing, so you add all those things up and we're really pleased with our overall wireless momentum as well.
John Hodulik: Okay. Thanks Dave.
Dave Watson: Thank you, John. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brett Feldman: Thanks. Actually I'm going to follow-up here on Wireless. Two questions. One the big national auditors are going to be increasingly making 5G a part of their marketing throughout the year. I'm interested if you can give us some context on how you're thinking about the 5G opportunity for your mobile business? And then obviously the lines that you have to EBITDA breakeven next year is a key milestone. How do you think about maybe improving the profit profile of your wireless business even more from there? So for example how much of a priority if at all? Is it to get better MVNO terms or find more MVNO vendors? And then you're going to have a few mid-band spectrum auctions coming up over the next couple of months and into next year. Are you interested in maybe looking to acquire spectrum to see if you can bring traffic onto your own infrastructure? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Well thanks Brett. So, in regards to 5G, one of the great things about our existing relationship that we have with our partner that we have we will participate in 5G mobile as that market matures and they've start rolling it out in earnest. So, we're -- I think we'll be right there. And we'll evaluate that as it goes. In regards to economics, we talked about -- we're right on track with the profitability trajectory that we talked about. So, we're absolutely pulling off what we thought we would in regards to the economics. And what I would say we're always going to be opportunistic when it comes to either a combination of the ability to do more with Wi-Fi and the LTE network and manage traffic flow between the two, we'll always be looking at that. We'll be opportunistic on any spectrum opportunity. But we like our capital-light MVNO approach today. It's accomplishing what we need to. We'll always be talking to our partner about opportunities, but I think we're in a really good position going forward.
Brett Feldman: Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, Brett. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Cusick: Hi, guys. Thanks. Cable EBITDA margin guide of 50 basis points growth is similar to what you said a year ago and it came in nearly three times that level. If I think about your price increase, which is similar to last year and the trajectory of declining mobile losses, it seems like this is fairly conservative. How should we think about programming as a headwind this year and next or anything else going on? And then second if I can in Parks, can you talk about the environment for customer traffic overall? And any feel for share shift? And if we look forward to those new gates and parts in the next few years what should we think about for the cadence of both CapEx and revenue? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Phil, I'll start off. As Mike mentioned earlier, as expected we're going to have a number of programming renewals in 2020. So we had a couple of years where it was a lower number and that is picking up in 2020. And in particular it will ramp more towards the back half of 2020. So despite that the part -- even with that, we expect to improve Cable margins up to the 50 basis points that Mike talked about for the full year. And the strategy and the expectations are built around our focus on the connectivity businesses, which are margin accretive. We're going to continue to drive that that pivot has happened and we're making great progress there. We're going to continue to focus on the non-programming OpEx. We're going to be taking a lot of transactions out whether they're truck rolls or telephone calls, the customer experience improvement there's a big runway ahead for us to continue to take out those transactions. We're always going to be disciplined on cost control. And I think you look at what we talked about earlier, Xfinity Mobile economic improvements. If you look there's going to be a pretty big year for political advertising, the tail end of this year all those things considered I think put us in a pretty good position to overcome whatever programming renewals that are going to occur in 2020. So regarding parks if you look over the last five years, our EBITDA or OCF and the park business has almost exactly doubled, so about $2.5 billion as the parks are about one-third of NBCUniversal, 30% of NBCUniversal. And when you have that kind of growth you're used to parks being a driver of the overall NBCUniversal growth profile, which they were not this quarter. A big part of it and Mike mentioned this in his introduction was Japan where we faced a number of headwinds and actually went backwards. If you look out, I think the next big thing on the horizon is Nintendo. Nintendo based on our research is one of the biggest potential drivers of attendance that you could have of any kind of IP. It's up there with Harry Potter, which in some of our parks Harry potter drove incremental attendance of about two million people. So Nintendo is in very rarefied air. And the attraction that we're building in Osaka is spectacular. From a creative standpoint it's really unbelievable and that opens sometime -- midyear this year and then we're going to bring it to Hollywood and we're going to bring it, obviously, in the fourth gate in Florida. So I think Nintendo is going to be potentially a big accelerator both in the Theme Park business. And then once you get into 2021, we've haven't talked about it maybe as much as we should. The fact that we're opening a park in Beijing and the fact that the park is so spectacular from a design and creative standpoint, I think is going to generate a lot of growth. And then Brian mentioned in his introduction the fourth gate, which opens in 2023. So when you look at the capital side of it, these are all high-return projects that all make a ton of business sense. And I think if you look over the next five years it's likely our Theme Park business is going to be a driver of growth. Maybe not quite as much as it has been in the last five years because the growth has been so phenomenal and we're getting to a bigger base now. But I would look at the parks business as a real opportunity for us. We still don't have the share that I think we deserve given the quality of the experience we're giving our guests and it's a lot of opportunity over the next five, 10, 20 years.
Phil Cusick: Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, Phil. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett: Hi. I wonder if I could return to the wireless business for a second. With AT&T having potentially open the door to at least have a discussion about MVNO terms, can you just talk about what that process is like? Are you engaged in discussions with other potential MVNO suppliers? And have any of the discussions with any of the wireless operators expanded to ways that they might leverage your wired infrastructure. So as you think about how your wired infrastructure sort of brings value to wireless, there are all different ways you could do it, whether it's capitalizing yourself through retail or doing something at a wholesale level or using it to get better terms with your MVNO. Just how do you think about those opportunities?
Mike Cavanagh: Hey, Craig, so I think it starts with  that our very strong feeling that we are  the cable industry, Comcast we're a great partner for the wireless industry. So I think we bring share. We bring customers over to them. I think we're a great investment for the long term. So that's kind of how we start our thinking and that all the goals that I mentioned before. From a process perspective, not much to talk about right now. We are always thinking about ways of improving an already good platform, a good approach to the business. If there are opportunities we'll explore them. And if anything does develop we'll let you know.
Brian Roberts: Yes. The only thing I want to add to that is simply that I think we've shown we can get some scale it's still early days. And that previous question about it keeps accelerating a bit. I think we're seeing that now throughout the rest of the industry and others coming into wireless. So I think I just want to echo that point that we have a successful beginning and hopefully a very long runway that we're just getting started.
Craig Moffett: Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, Craig. Regina, we will take one last question.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. I have two, one for Jeremy. Just wanted to understand in the U.K. Ofcom is pushing to reduce what I think they dubbed as the loyalty penalty, the difference between what new customers pay and what existing out of contract customers pay. Is there really any impact to your business from that regulation? And then for Dave, at CES, I think you guys showed a new xFi advanced gateway that supports 85 megahertz mid-split, really increasing the upstream part of your network. Obviously, I just want to understand, what business opportunity and CapEx implications that may have as you scale there? Thank you.
Dave Watson: Jeremy, do you want to go first?
Jeremy Darroch: Sure. I think, not majorly for us. If you think of our business, we've really, I think, led the way over the last decade, really, around breaking out  breaking down the bundle, making pricing more transparent. We're a leader in service. According to Ofcom starts across all of our products, so not just pay-TV, but broadband and mobile and fixed line as well. At the heart of that, we have a belief about trying to right-size customers to the products that they want and the price that they want to pay, because we think that's important and is the most durable way. And typically, therefore, we moved a long time ago to essentially offering the same deals right across our bases to deal for new customers typically available for an existing customer as well. So there'll be some transition, obviously, within that, maybe some  there's been noise as the market quickly moved to that, but I don't expect it would have a big effect on our business.
Dave Watson: On the new gateway that we did talk about at CES, we're excited about this. I think, there are several steps forward with this gateway, in regards WiFi speed, the improvements in terms of coverage, both for the 2.4 band as well as the 5 band improvements, both in those areas, improvements in latency. Across the board, it checks a lot of boxes. And so, like we do with a great new product like this, we'll package that in some of our higher tier packages. And on a go-forward basis, we'll compete. If you think about segments where this matters, it's an ideal product for the gaming segment. So, we're going to  we'll segment it and go after it. But, like the fundamentals of being able to provide the best speed, the best coverage, control, all those aspects, I think, this gateway helps us in our position very well.
Vijay Jayant: Yeah. Thanks a lot.
Mike Cavanagh: And let me just jump back in at the end here and echo Brian's. Thanks to Jason Armstrong for a great job he's done for all of us in the IR job and I know it will be a great add to the Sky team. I welcome Marci Ryvicker to the company and thank all of you for the support and joining us on this call as we get 2020 kicked off. So, thanks everybody. Have a great day.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:00 o'clock PM Eastern Time. It will run through Thursday, January 30 at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 3469916. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke, Dave Watson and Jeremy Darroch. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks; and Steve, Dave and Jeremy will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to Slide 2, which contains our safe harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. We delivered strong operational and financial results in the third quarter with each of our businesses contributing to our company's growth. Together, we surpassed 55 million customer relationships, grew pro forma EBITDA by 7%, delivered 16% growth in adjusted EPS, generated significant free cash flow and paid nearly $1 billion in dividends while further strengthening our balance sheet. Our results in the quarter and over many years are evidence that our strategy is working. From my perspective, 4 things stood out as we wrapped up the quarter: our incredible strength in broadband; the enduring popularity of our premium content; our strong global footing just 1 year after the Sky acquisition; and how the combination of these things puts us in a unique position to compete, including in the streaming market. Starting with Broadband. It goes without saying the utility and demand for high-speed and reliable Internet access are ever increasing. We see this in our customers' behavior, monthly data usage more than doubled in the last 3 years and our power users are connecting nearly 20 devices in their homes daily. That's great. It enables us to further differentiate ourselves from the competition, hence more customers continue to choose Xfinity. The Cable team has done a tremendous job redefining broadband by expanding the basis of competition beyond speed to also include coverage and control. With these 3 pillars, speed, coverage and control, our xFi experience is resonating with customers. And with Flex, we just added a fourth pillar, streaming, designed to meet the growing needs of customers who only consume video over-the-top. Flex enables these streamers to quickly and easily search, access and enjoy content across their favorite apps on the TV using our award-winning voice remote. It's a wonderful product, and now we are providing it to our broadband-only customers for free. And at Sky, we plan to follow a similar playbook by using xFi to differentiate the experience for our broadband subscribers in Europe, starting with next year's launch in Italy. So our strengths and ongoing innovation are translating into record-breaking results. Cable added 379,000 broadband customers, the most for a third quarter in 10 years. This drove our best total customer net additions on record for any quarter, contributing to a 3.4% year-over-year increase in customer relationships. And we're also increasing the value of our relationships. EBITDA per customer relationship grew 3.2%. And what is even more impressive, our net cash flow per customer relationship grew 13%. Moving beyond broadband, our content continues to resonate with consumers. NBCUniversal has the largest TV viewership share of any major media company in the U.S. and one of the leading film businesses in the world. In Europe, Sky is the 1 sports and entertainment brand. And these strengths continued in the third quarter. NBC plays 1 in prime time among adults 18 to 49 for the sixth consecutive 52-week season. Telemundo was 1 in Spanish-language weekday prime for the third consecutive season. Overall household viewership of Sky-branded channels increased 10% in the quarter, led by sports. And Sky's highly acclaimed Chernobyl received 10 Emmys, which bodes well for our newly created Sky Studios. On top of all this, the teams at NBCUniversal and Sky are jointly producing and delivering content. For example, we've greenlit our first coproductions, shared over 1,000 hours of sports content and are creating a global news channel. In fact, it's hard to believe that we have owned Sky for only a year. Our company is strategically stronger today than we were a year ago. Sky brings 24 million customer relationships in Europe, including the 482,000 net additions in the last 12 months, plus additional premium content and exclusive sports all anchored by a leading European brand and an outstanding team. In what are tough macroeconomic conditions, Sky is doing a great job. Finally, our recent announcements on Peacock and Flex are terrific examples of how our combined company is working together and well positioned to compete. With our leading scale in distribution and premium content, along with our focus on innovation, we can continue to produce superior products like these for our customers and deliver strong financial results for our shareholders. So all in all, we had a great quarter, led by broadband. And it also demonstrates what a fantastic set of businesses and leaders we have that positions us well for the future. Mike, over to you.
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 4 with our third quarter consolidated results. As a reminder, we completed our acquisition of Sky in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our reported results include Sky from the acquisition date, while pro forma results include Sky as if the transaction had occurred on January 1, 2017. Also, one housekeeping item on Peacock, our forthcoming streaming service. Similar to our approach with Xfinity Mobile, during its start-up phase, we will report Peacock's results in the Corporate and Other segment. So now, let's move on to today's results. On a reported basis, revenue increased 21% to $26.8 billion, and adjusted EBITDA increased 17% to $8.6 billion. On a pro forma basis, revenue was consistent with the prior year and adjusted EBITDA increased 7.4%, reflecting growth across all 3 businesses. As Brian mentioned, adjusted earnings per share grew 16% to $0.79. And free cash flow was $2.1 billion, bringing the year-to-date total to $10.9 billion, an increase of 3.7% compared to the first 9 months of last year. Now let's turn to our segment results, starting with Cable Communications on Slide 5. Cable delivered excellent results driven by our connectivity-centric strategy and highlighted by strong performance in three key metrics we use to run the business: growth in total customer relationships, EBITDA per customer relationship and net cash flow per customer relationship. Overall Cable revenue increased 4% to $14.6 billion in the third quarter, led by the increase in total customer relationships as well as higher ARPU. Total customer relationships increased 3.4% year-over-year to $31.2 million, including 309,000 customer net additions, the best on record. This growth was driven by 379,000 high-speed Internet customer net additions, the highest third quarter net additions in 10 years. We've added 1.3 million broadband customers over the last 12 months. Overall, our connectivity businesses, residential broadband and business services, continue to drive the growth at Cable. Our revenue in these businesses collectively reached $6.7 billion in the quarter, up 9.3% year-over-year. With broadband as the foundation of our customer relationships, we utilize additional products and services in a manner that profitably helps us attract and increase the lifetime value of the overall customer relationship. Video is still an important profitable component of most of our relationships, but we continue to be disciplined and are not chasing unprofitable subs. Total video subscribers declined by 2.8% year-over-year to 21.4 million. Xfinity Mobile is another important contributor to our growth as we pair it with broadband to provide our customers with a great wireless experience that helps them save money. We added 204,000 net customer lines in the third quarter and reduced our quarterly adjusted EBITDA losses at Xfinity Mobile to $94 million, an improvement from a $178 million loss in last year's third quarter, reflecting our progress in scaling and further improving our operations. And as Brian mentioned, Flex is another great product we'll use to add more value to our broadband-centric customer relationships. Moving now to Cable expenses and margin on Slide 6. Total Cable expenses increased 2.3% year-over-year, reflecting strong cost management even as we increased customer relationships by 3.4%. Programming expense was flat, reflecting the timing of contract renewals and a lower volume in video. Non-programming expenses increased by 3.6% year-over-year but were relatively flat on a per-customer basis. We delivered outstanding growth in customer relationships and also improved our NPS scores while reducing total agent-handled calls by 15% and lowering truck rolls by 10% year-over-year. Together, the growth in our connectivity businesses, the improvement in our performance at Xfinity Mobile and our ongoing focus on cost management, resulted in Cable adjusted EBITDA growth of 6.7% and margin expansion of 100 basis points to 39.8%. We continue to expect EBITDA margin improvement for the full year 2019 to be slightly above 100 basis points compared to the 2018 margin of 38.7% based on our strong performance year-to-date and our outlook for continued year-over-year margin improvement in the fourth quarter. Cable capital expenditures in the third quarter decreased 6.7% to $1.8 billion, leading to capital expenditure intensity of 12.4%, primarily reflecting lower spending and scalable infrastructure and line extensions, partly due to the timing of plant construction and other network investments. However, as we said, consistent with the broader shift in our business toward connectivity, we will continue to invest in our network to stay firmly ahead of our customers' high and increasing expectations and to further enhance our leading competitive position in broadband. We now expect Cable CapEx intensity for the full year 2019 to improve by at least 150 basis points compared to the 13.8% in 2018, driven partly by timing of network investment as well as decreased CPE spend as video subscribers decline and the rate of our deployment of X1 has moderated. This is an upgrade to our prior guidance of at least 100 basis points of improvement. In summary, we're very happy with the team's strong performance. In the quarter, we delivered 3.4% growth in total customer relationships and 3.2% growth in adjusted EBITDA per customer relationship, which, coupled with the decrease in Cable capital intensity, drove a 13% increase in Cable net cash flow per customer relationship. We continue to see the benefits of consistently investing in our network, innovating to deliver the best-in-class products, services and experiences and increasing our operational efficiency. We believe our approach will continue to strengthen our leading competitive position and drive profitable growth. With that, I'll turn to NBCUniversal's results on Slide 7. NBCUniversal EBITDA increased 1.6%, reflecting expected difficult studio comparisons in TV and film. Cable Networks revenue decreased 2.8% to $2.8 billion, and EBITDA was flat at $955 million primarily due to a 27% decline in content licensing and other revenue, reflecting a challenging timing-related comparison to last year. As we noted last quarter, our studio benefited from the considerable level of programming licensed to third parties in 2018. Offsetting some of this decline was a 1.6% increase in distribution revenue, reflecting the ongoing benefits of previous renewal agreements, partially offset by subscriber losses that have moderately accelerated, driven by increased satellite losses and slowing virtual MVPD growth. Lastly, advertising revenue was consistent with last year's result as the strong pricing environment was offset by audience ratings declines. Broadcast revenue decreased 9.1% to $2.2 billion, and EBITDA increased 5.1% to $338 million due to challenging comparisons in advertising and content licensing, more than offset by healthy growth in retrans and lower programming and production costs. Advertising revenue declined 12% primarily reflecting a difficult comparison to last year's results, which included Telemundo's broadcast of the FIFA World Cup. For the remainder of the year, we have a positive outlook on the ad market with the start of the NFL season and the return of original entertainment programming as well as the benefit from higher upfront pricing. Content licensing declined 17%, reflecting a challenging comparison to last year's results due to the timing of delivery of content under our licensing agreements. Retrans revenue increased over 10% to nearly $500 million. Lastly, on the expense side, lower programming and production cost were primarily driven by costs associated with the FIFA World Cup in the prior year. Filmed Entertainment revenue decreased 6.2% to $1.7 billion, and EBITDA declined 8.7% to $195 million. While the Fast & Furious spinoff, Hobbs & Shaw, delivered strong results in the quarter, it was a tough comparison to Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom and a higher number of films in last year's third quarter. Despite experiencing a crowded box office so far in the second half of this year, we currently expect healthy growth in full year Film EBITDA over 2018 results. Looking ahead to 2020, we believe we can achieve even better results as our strategic slate includes 3 major animated sequels and another installment in our Fast & Furious franchise. Theme Parks revenue increased 6.8% to $1.6 billion, and EBITDA increased about 1% to $731 million. These results reflect higher attendance as well as an increase in operating costs. The higher attendance was due, in part, to severe weather and natural disasters that negatively impacted attendance in Japan in last year's third quarter. While the parks business is subject to some ebbs and flows, we are pleased with our summer launches of Jurassic World in Hollywood and our Hagrid-themed Harry Potter coaster in Orlando. And we remain bullish on our growth opportunities with Super Nintendo World opening in Japan in 2020 and domestic launches thereafter, our new Beijing park opening in 2021 and our recently announced fourth gate in Orlando, Universal's Epic Universe. Moving on now to Sky results on Slide 8. As a reminder, I will be referring to our pro forma results as if the Sky transaction had occurred on January 1, 2017, and growth rate's on a constant currency basis, consistent with what's reflected in our earnings release. Revenue at Sky increased 0.9% to $4.6 billion, reflecting growth in direct-to-consumer and content revenue, partially offset by lower advertising revenue amid continued macro weakness in European markets. Direct-to-consumer revenue increased 1.9% to $3.8 billion, benefiting from customer growth, but partially offset by decline in average revenue per customer. In the third quarter, customer relationships decreased by 99,000, following record streaming growth in the second quarter related to Game of Thrones and the debut of the highly acclaimed Sky Original, Chernobyl, both of which were exclusive to Sky Atlantic. Year-to-date, Sky added 317,000 customer relationships, and we expect to return to customer growth in the fourth quarter. Content revenue increased 15% to $315 million, reflecting increased monetization of our original programming slate and the wholesaling of sports programming. Investment in sports continues to be a key differentiator. Audiences viewing tentpole sports programming are increasing, with household viewerships on Sky Sports channels up 21% year-over-year, reflecting great starts to the Premier League, Serie A, Bundesliga as well as broadcast of the Cricket World Cup in The Ashes. Advertising revenue declined by 14% to $446 million, largely reflecting the impact from a change in legislation resulting in certain gambling advertising restrictions in the U.K. and Italy as well as advertising market weakness across all territories. Pro forma EBITDA at Sky increased 46% to $899 million. Excluding certain nonrecurring items in both periods, growth would have been in the mid-teens on a constant currency basis. For the full year, at today's currency rates, we expect Sky's reported EBITDA will be close to $3.1 billion. Wrapping up on Slide 9 with free cash flow and capital allocation. For the third quarter, we generated $2.1 billion in free cash flow and paid $955 million in dividends. Free cash flow in the third quarter was largely impacted by the timing of Sky Sports rights payments, which are heavily weighted to the start of the new soccer season. Year-to-date, we generated $10.9 billion in free cash flow. In the third quarter, we monetized a substantial portion of the minimum floor value we negotiated for Hulu, which brought in $5.2 billion in proceeds. In addition, starting in 2024, to the extent that total equity value in Hulu is worth more than the total floor value of $27.5 billion, we will realize our share of that upside. Since the Sky acquisition, we continue to make very good progress in our deleveraging efforts. Year-to-date, we have paid down roughly $11 billion of our consolidated net debt, ending the third quarter at 2.9x net leverage, down from 3.3x at the end of 2018. We expect to meet our commitments to the rating agencies by year-end 2020. As a reminder, the rating agencies make certain adjustments in their leverage calculations that can add up to 0.25 turn to our leverage ratio. In closing, our results today highlight the strength and consistency of our company's overall performance, and we couldn't be more pleased with our strategic and financial position. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our ability to continue executing on our long-term growth strategy and to deliver value to our shareholders. So with that, I'll turn it back to Jason to lead our Q&A.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Mike. Regina, let's open up for Q&A, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne: I want to just follow up on some of your comments on streaming, both from a Cable and an NBC perspective. For Brian or Dave, how are you guys thinking about Flex? What does that mean for the business over time in your view? And how do you think about investing in the X1 platform going forward? Obviously, the video business is going through a transition, but you've invested a lot of money into that platform. It's done well for you. I'm just curious how you're thinking about the product evolution there and how important it is to Comcast Cable. And I'll just ask to Steve on Peacock and sort of the NBC strategy, how are you thinking about content exclusivity and sort of the volume of original programming that you want to see over time? And when you look at some of the numbers out there for talent and showrunners from the Apples and Netflixes of the world, what is your reaction? Do you view this as healthy or irrational? Or how do you see yourself navigating this spending landscape?
Brian Roberts: So let me just -- it's Brian. Let me just quickly kick it to Dave, and then we'll go to Steve to follow the order of your questions. But I'm very pleased with the innovation team and how we made a pivot a few years ago and I think the right call, which was to really focus on to broadband in addition to video and, in some ways, making that the lead part of where we're going. And one of the results was the xFi whole brand that's now stands for much more than speed. And with Flex, in particular, we're just now going to market with a free box to broadband-only customers across the entire platform, whether you have our gateway or not. So there's real innovation ahead on that platform. And I think that, that can reveal itself over the time as we go forward, but the point being that the team, the recruiting, the retaining of the people to do the technology of this company, I think, is second to none, and I'm really pleased with it. Dave?
David Watson: Thanks, Brian. Yes, Ben, so Flex, I think, is a great example of leveraging the innovation engine that we've had on X1 for some time. So we'll continue to make sure that relevant content is available and delivered through X1 and Flex. But it's -- we just have such scale with X1. It's a really efficient way to leverage this platform with Flex. And our view with Flex in providing more value to broadband and with streaming, it's just a great option for those customers that want an integrated experience. I think we see often bolt-on, one-off options of different apps that are available. What we are delivering to our customers is just a great streaming experience with Flex, and it's completely integrated. The content is available through the voice remote, just like X1. So we're pleased with the innovation focus that's been able to put us in this position with Flex. So off we go, as Brian said, very soon.
Brian Roberts: Steve?
Stephen Burke: So regarding Peacock, we announced about a month ago the name and listed a fair number of shows that we're going to have on the service. I think the most important thing to think about as you're thinking about Peacock and its role inside NBCU and broader Comcast is we're not doing the same strategy that Netflix and people chasing Netflix have adopted. We're primarily working with the existing ecosystem and doing a lot of AVOD activity. And what that's going to do, we think, is make the -- is cut the investment pretty substantially because I think we're going to get to cruising altitude much more quickly than a subscription service. We're also playing to our strengths. We happen to be part of a company that has 55 million video customers and is the biggest provider of television advertising in the United States. So we'll have a mix of originals, exclusive acquisitions like The Office and a lot of nonexclusive product as well. Importantly, we're going keep selling to other companies. We -- if you take movies, for example, we plan to keep selling into the premium window. We're not taking all of our movies off of premium platforms like HBO or Sky or other platforms around the world. So I think our approach is different. I think it fits the strengths and characteristics of our company well. And with -- it's a very, very interesting time as everybody tries to figure out what their strategy is, and we're very optimistic. We're planning on launching in April. We're going to use the Olympics as sort of an afterburner after our launch, and then we'll be adding content pretty significantly throughout 2020. And I'm very pleased with the technical progress our team is making. It's a wonderful product. The product is beautiful and very different and I think something that we're all going to be very proud of when we launch in April.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: So a couple of questions. Just continuing on Peacock, can you talk about the ramp-up in spend? And is that the reason why there was such a big swing in working capital in this quarter? And then within Peacock, can you talk about the marketing plans within and outside the ecosystem and how confident you are in the advertising per sub that you guys have talked about? And then different subject with Telemundo. Given the growth in ratings, excluding the World Cup, have you closed the revenue gap versus your ratings? And then the last question, on Cable, a number of your 10-year contracts are expiring in the next year. I don't know if you could talk about expectations for step-up in costs, but maybe how you're thinking about the next rounds of negotiations. What are the key considerations, especially as programmers roll out their own streaming options?
Michael Cavanagh: Jessica, it's Mike. I'll just jump in ahead of Steve on the working capital. Working capital this quarter, primarily the change is Sky, both the inclusion of Sky versus prior year together with second half of the year, particularly third quarter is when football rights payments across Bundesliga, Serie A and Premier League kick in. So that's what's going on in working capital. Pleased with working capital and free cash flow, obviously, for the year-to-date, but lumpiness in working capital.
Stephen Burke: So in terms of the Peacock spending, marketing plan, et cetera, I think we're going to remain pretty quiet until a month or 2 before launch in terms of the details for competitive reasons. Telemundo has been a huge success for our company. We've -- as Brian mentioned in his introduction, we've beaten Univision, which was at one point unthinkable. They were so far ahead. We've beaten Univision in prime time every year for the last 3 years, and we're making real progress during the daytime. We have not closed the revenue gap in terms of retransmission consent, which leads into your next question about the cable channels. We have a lot of deals expiring in the next 12 to 24 months and channels like Telemundo that have made big strides. MSNBC is another one. MSNBC is solidly beating CNN almost every night and by a fair margin. And CNN has a much higher affiliate fee than we do. I think you can expect to see us make some real progress there. But we're not going to be precise about numbers until the negotiations are completed.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: And the question for -- from the cable operator perspective.
David Watson: Jessica, Dave. So yes, so we won't comment in future time periods, but it's clear that a couple of years where it's going to cycle, we've had lower cost increases in programming. Certainly recognize that in future times there, that could change and have more headwinds. But a couple of things. One, the whole landscape is evolving and changing. For those that go directly to the consumer, that is game-changing. We all know that. I think the key thing we talked a little bit before, X1 is strategically important to us. It just gives us flexibility and either the customer has choice, a ton of choice on different platforms to find content. And we want to be a great platform for all the content that makes sense for our customers. So we're going to be disciplined as we approach all these matters, and we're going to use data to understand the real value. And to the extent that it is available on other platforms, we'll consider all those things.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS.
John Hodulik: Maybe a couple of questions, more for Steve on D2C. First of all, will the Peacock product be bundled with Flex? And maybe more broadly, have you been surprised at how promotional the landscape has been on the D2C side thus far? And as you look out into 2020, do you think that all these launches and the uptake and, frankly, how aggressively these things have all been priced will have an incremental impact on the traditional ecosystem in terms of both viewership and subscribers?
Stephen Burke: Well, most definitely, Flex is a huge opportunity for Peacock, and Peacock will be front and center on Flex. And Dave may want to speak to that more. But I think it's not only an opportunity for Peacock, but it's a great opportunity for Flex to be able to give a lot of great NBC programming, shows like The Office, to people at no additional charge to a broadband sub or a cable sub. I think in terms of the overall ecosystem and the promotional intensity, I don't -- it's not too surprising to me. I think you've got the 3 biggest media companies, Disney, Time Warner and NBCUniversal, all launching streaming platforms. And this is a moment in time and a lot of people are being very, very aggressive about it. And I would anticipate that to happen until, at some point, there'll be an inevitable slowing down and shakeout, and the market will get a little bit more rational. But I think it's a moment in time, and consumers are making their choices of apps and viewing habits, and you want to be aggressive to get in there and make sure that your service is one of the consumers' handful of favorite services.
David Watson: John, this is Dave. Just one other comment in the importance of Peacock to Flex and Cable, I think it's enormously important and a showcase on why it really matters how we work well together to make the experience even better. So we are very much going to be active and promotional, but we're very extremely focused on the experience, and it happens when the two teams are working so well together.
John Hodulik: Does it concern you guys that bundling these products together could accelerate the trends that we're seeing in terms of the traditional TV ecosystem?
David Watson: I think the trajectory is pretty clear and it's -- the marketplace is evolving anyway. And so Flex is, I think, going to be a targeted focus for us towards the high-speed Internet-only segment. We'll continue to do that, but we're going to make sure that all of our broadband customers know that will be included. And we think this is the right step and the right thing for that segment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Crdit Suisse.
Douglas Mitchelson: Just on the broadband side, Dave, anything unusual driving the quarter? We're always asked and I imagine you're always asked about the longevity of subscriber growth in broadband. And so any update on DSL subs, the footprint and how you're competing against fiber and upside you see in broadband penetrations would be helpful. And then, Brian, and I guess -- and for you again, Dave, on the wireless side, obviously, a continued hot topic. Any thoughts about your MVNO and the leverage that you might be building as you grow that subscriber base, you grow the amount of revenue that you're paying out to Verizon And also, we're asked a lot about strand mounts. And if you've tested that, have any thoughts on the effectiveness of strand mounts and whether or not that would help the wireless network partner, that would be appreciated.
David Watson: Thanks, Doug. So let me start with broadband. Very pleased with the quarter, had solid performance in broadband all year. So it's another quarter -- consistent quarter of solid performance. And so clearly, well over another year of 1 million-plus net customer growth. And the drivers, I think, are very consistent. I think the marketplace is growing. We have penetration upside, and that's going to continue. Our focus, as Brian said, has shifted gears. Our innovation engine has been absolutely focused on broadband. And so the key for us is to differentiate the product. And it's a combination of speed, coverage, control and now streaming with Flex, and this is all xFi. So we're -- I think we have a very different product in the marketplace. And a key thing that we have is consistent focus. While others, that may change from time to time, we've been squarely focused across the entire enterprise on having a great broadband experience, and that's how we compete. So our innovation engine is all over the aspects that I talked about. And so nothing has changed competitively. Nothing has changed in segments, whether it's Internet Essentials or anything else. There's been pretty normal activity in that regard. But what we've seen is broad-based strength across the entire geographic area and across all segments, so it's just robust growth. And I think an important point to bring up is not only share growth, but it's also strong financial results that we're delivering. Residential broadband ARPU is up 4.2%, and residential overall broadband revenue is up 9.3%. So just robust growth in both categories, so I like our position going forward. In wireless, I would say that we're [indiscernible] is always to deliver also here the best experience that we can. And -- but we're absolutely looking at options and leveraging our infrastructure with wireless options. We're always studying and we are actively testing the options of being able to offload in any number of different ways. So we look at the trade-offs between price and volume and then the amount of data on our MVNO network and then when you offload data to our own network. So we will continue to test. We'll continue to look at this very closely. We think it's -- we'll be opportunistic when things come up. More to come later, but we'll actively consider that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wolfe Research.
Marci Ryvicker: Two questions. First, we've seen video subs decline at an accelerated pace for a while now. Can you just comment on who you're losing? And do you have any visibility into when video levels out? And are you at a point where you maintain those core customers who really appreciate the bundle? And then secondly, on Sky, what's driving expected customer growth in the fourth quarter? So we're still new to this asset. Can you remind us why Sky was down in the first couple of quarters of the year? Any seasonality we should think about? Anything in particular?
David Watson: Marci, Dave. So we start with video and remind everyone, our primary focus at Cable is in driving growth in the overall number of customer relationships and then driving the lifetime value of those relationships. So we segment the video base of customers, and we're focusing on growing profitable media relationships. And there are segments where customers are in lower-end packages, the skinny bundled video that -- and often, they're in promotional packages, and we work hard retaining customers. But if we can't profitably serve this segment, then we're going to move them to a broadband-only relationship. And so not chasing the lower end of the video segment is behind the difference, I think, in the video results. To also remind folks, though, that we added a record 309,000 total customer relationships in Q3, ending the quarter at 31 million customer relationships, up 3.4% year-over-year. And EBITDA per customer relationship is up 3.2%, and net cash flow is up per customer relationship 13.2%. So we've been able to make this transition. This has been consistent. We're going to -- video is important to us that it is profitable in key segments. And for those key segments, we package it with broadband. We'll continue to stay very disciplined and focused around that.
Brian Roberts: On Sky, Jeremy, you're on.
Jeremy Darroch: Yes. So yes, in terms of Q4, I'll talk on video, first of all. Christmas is a big -- always remains a bigger quarter for us in video in Europe. Bear in mind, of course, we've got lower penetration typically over here at our markets. So the idea of upgrading your TV for Christmas to Pay TV to Sky remains a strong idea for us here. It's not as acute as it used to be in the past when our business was very skewed, but it remains important. So the business really quite quickly now shifts to Christmas. As part of that, we'll be driving Sky Q in particular very hard over the next quarter. Sky Q, which is I think Europe's best-quality, app-based TV experience by a long way is about 40% of our business today, and we think we can get it a lot higher. So that's going to be central to our plans. Alongside that, our programming mix really shifts. So at the back end of the summer, we're very focused on fall, the start of the football season is important here. We've had a strong schedules for this summer. So our focus on screen really moves to entertainment and Sky Studios and our own originated content. We've got a succession of Sky Originals that will be coming to market in the next few weeks, and we'll really get behind that. And then cinema, where we have still really quite a strong leadership in terms of our cinema proposition. Away from TV, it's pretty much steady as she goes, both in broadband and mobile. I'm very pleased with the progress, in particular, we're making on mobile, where we're seen now as a service leader against all of the mobile operators. So I think our growth from commerce business should be pretty strong, I hope, over the next 13 weeks. And again, mobile, continuing with handsets is quite a good Christmas product, so we'll get behind that.
Brian Roberts: Great. I would just add that, from my perspective, for the first 9 months of the year, I think Sky added in the last 12 months running close to 400,000 subs, I think, Jason or Jeremy? So I think it's tough economic headwinds over there. We read about it everyday, and uncertainty is never your friend in business climates, and there's an awful lot of uncertainty. But we're really pleased, I certainly am, with Sky 1 year later, what it's done for the whole company, giving us all the plans that Steve and Dave have been talking about. It's completely integrated. And Jeremy and his team, I think, are executing great. Jason?
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Marci. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs.
Brett Feldman: You continue to see, I think, slightly more than 100 basis points of margin expansion in Cable Communications this year. I believe you've done 100 basis points or more every quarter so far this year. So I'm wondering, are there going to be any headwinds in the fourth quarter that prevented you from improving that outlook? And maybe just to be more specific, it does look like the technical and product support cost did grow a bit more quickly in the third quarter. I was hoping you could give us some insight into that. I think maybe your MVNO costs are in there. And then just the last accounting question on this. As Flex penetration grows, will we see that in OpEx or CapEx?
Michael Cavanagh: So Brett, it's Mike. I'll start. So we do -- we expect to be better than 100 basis points improvement in margin, as we've said. And in the fourth quarter, particularly, we expect to see healthy year-over-year margin improvement in Cable. But just remember that it's a political comp in that quarter as well. But net of all that, healthy fourth quarter margin growth coming in Cable, and that will flow through the full year.
David Watson: Brett, Dave. So specific to Q3, always remember Q3 is technically a little busier with back-to-school activity, and so I think that's always good, welcoming the kids back. So -- but Mike talked about Q4. Important are the fundamentals going forward of the non-programming expense and that are positively impacting margin. One, continued focus on the connectivity business is going to stay, business services, residential broadband, just improves margin in doing that. We're making significant improvements in serving customers through digital means. So we're going to continue to press on that. We think it's a great opportunity. We're in early innings on that. And then overall cost control remain very focused on that as well. So I expect those fundamentals to carry forward. And to the point Mike made, given fourth quarter has the political tougher comparison, but we still expect healthy growth going forward.
Michael Cavanagh: And then on Flex, Flex, think of that as CapEx. But as we've said before, we don't give multiyear guidance. But on capital intensity, the improvement that we've seen of greater than 150 basis points projected for this year, we've always said the trends behind that are we expect to see them continue. And I don't think the initiative around Flex would -- is going to change that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Fritzsche with Wells Fargo.
Jennifer Fritzsche: Two, if I may. One, back to wireless. There's a number of spectrum auctions coming out, CBRS, next summer. CBNZ talked about even millimeter waves. Can you talk a little bit about spectrum ownership? If you look at these 3 options, is it something you could see participating in, in a more formal way if only to offload some more traffic from your MVNO to your hot spots or your own network? And then secondly, if we look at the components of your CapEx, line extension and scalable infrastructure were down year-over-year. I know in the past, you had mentioned timing issues there. Should we expect that to continue to be on a steady decline? Or is it -- or should we not?
David Watson: So wireless, in terms of spectrum, we'll always be opportunistic. We'll evaluate every option. Nothing more really to cover on that, but we always look at different options. And to my earlier point, we're actively looking at models that may work in terms of leveraging our infrastructure. And to the extent that -- I think we're in a great position in regards to cable infrastructure, and we're going to lead the way in terms of understanding that in testing different options. But we'll be -- we'll evaluate as things come up. In terms of CapEx, I think we continue to make very good progress in improving our CapEx intensity and, as mentioned, on track for at least another 150 basis points reduction this year. And it's a consistent approach that we're going to -- we'll continue to invest where we need to in the connectivity business, but we're going to realize the reductions as video CPE continues to not be a big driver for us. So I think expect going forward those fundamentals to continue.
Michael Cavanagh: It's Mike. I'd just add that those particular scalable infrastructure and the line extensions, that's more timing, third quarter versus -- I'd look at it over a 12-month period rather than quarterly on that one.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Cusick with JPMorgan.
Philip Cusick: One, and then if I can, I guess, two follow-ups. So one, Mike, to just follow up on what you just said. It sounds like there's some push-out on the network CapEx side, expand on that a little bit. And then a follow-up for Jeremy on Sky. Can you break down the drivers of local revenue decelerating? Looks like the DTC revenue is fairly consistent in local, but ad revenue was down a lot. I know there's some issues around sports, and content sales were down as well. What if there was a onetime hit versus being more permanent? And then just one other question. Growth in parks has been volatile around storms and maybe competitive issues, and you aren't opening gates like you had been once. How should we think about the underlying growth at the parks business?
Michael Cavanagh: So Phil, it's Mike. Not too much to add to what I've said thus far on Cable CapEx. I mean I do think hard to look at one quarter to the next to the next. The network, we're happy to invest in the network as usage of the network keeps going up and want to continue to stay ahead of customer expectations. So expect that's very healthy CapEx going into the network, but it just is a little lumpy. I wouldn't say things are pushed out so much that it follows its own timing based on what folks in the field are doing. And so stepping back up, we are getting more efficient on capital intensity 2 years in a row now. This year, heading towards the 150 basis points of intensity improvement year-over-year. And as I said, we don't get into multiyear guidance, but I think the expectation of the ability to scale the network, scale the business and what's going on in CPE gives us confidence that those trends ought to continue. And again, that's despite the opportunity we have with Flex.
Jeremy Darroch: Yes. Jeremy here. In terms of revenue trends and ad revenue, I'd say broadly -- look, I'd say about 1/3 of it is market, TV market. Advertising markets in Europe, as you know, are pretty much all under pressure with mid-single digit, perhaps a little bit more declines year-on-year. That's quite different from what you're seeing, I think, in the U.S. at the moment. And probably the balance of it is really down to gaming legislation change here, which is specific to the U.K. and Italy, how we've arrived in Germany. And we're probably disproportionately affected by that, of course, because we've got such a strong sports business and the sports leader in Europe. That will work its way through over the course of this year. In terms of content sales, year-on-year, they're up. So the progress we're making in content sales, as we start to commission more of our own content, is good. It is down quarter-on-quarter, but there's nothing structural now. It's just a bit lumpy. Obviously, as we scale, hopefully some of that lumpiness will disappear. But at the moment, we see a little bit of that.
Stephen Burke: So in terms of the Theme Park business, 6 years ago, we made about $1 billion in the Theme Park business, and now we're at about $2.5 billion. So theme parks have been, historically, one of the fastest-growing parts of our portfolio. And we have a lot to look forward to. We're opening Nintendo in Japan, in Osaka, in our theme park in Osaka, which is very close to the headquarters of Nintendo in Kyoto. And then if you go out into 2021, roughly 18 months from now, we open in Beijing. And Brian and I were there last week with Tom Williams, who runs our theme parks. It's going to be a spectacular park, and we're really looking forward to that. And we recently announced we're doing a fourth gate in Orlando in 2023. So we think the Theme Park business is a great business for us, and we're going to be making the investments to try to grow cash flow aggressively in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett: Two questions for Dave, if I could. One, just to follow up on the questions that have been asked about wireless. Being able to offload traffic from the -- your own -- or from the MVNO agreement with Verizon onto your own small cells, as I understand, it will require eSIM programming. I'm sure you've tested that at this point given the eSIM inclusion in the new iPhones, for example. Can you just talk about how comfortable you are with your ability to manage traffic and direct it between your own small cells and the Verizon network just based on eSIM programming? And then a second question. It's been a while since we've really talked about the commercial services business, but business services is now getting close to 14% of your Cable revenues. I wonder if you could just update us on your penetration levels in the various segments of business services and where the growth is coming from at this point? Is it -- are you really starting to take share in the enterprise market now? Or is it still primarily small, medium business?
David Watson: Craig, so first on wireless, we're absolutely testing the eSIM, dual-SIM capability on both, whether it's iOS and/or Android. We think that is an opportunity, and we'll continue to look at that. And that does go with any offload strategy, so we're very active in thinking through that. And whatever -- in terms of the business model and the business planning around it, any potential shift will be a positive net economic outcome for us as we look at, but it's early still. But I do think that there's promising opportunities when you combine dual SIM with the cable infrastructure. Second thing, in terms of business services, yes, it's a really important part of our growth and what has been, will continue to be. We're generating almost $8 billion in annualized margin-accretive revenue. And the addressable market now is about $50 billion when you include new product opportunities, everything from WiFi, security cameras, cell backup, SDWAN. So you add up all those things, we're -- for those products, it's still early innings on that. So we're going to continue to be very focused on this opportunity. In all three segments, you asked about penetration, we still have opportunity in all 3. SMB is a little bit more mature, but there's growth opportunities there. In mid-market and certainly enterprise, we're in the high single digits at this point, working well, getting key clients on. So there's good upside. I think we have a competitive advantage across the board in every segment. We have a better product, superior product. We have better service in terms of how we locally deliver it and pull it all together. We have great pricing. And I think I like our position versus incumbents in this regard.
Jeremy Darroch: And we've talked about -- because we're going to -- we're also going to launch a broadband business offering here in the U.K., and that will be our first significant entry into that segment. We're doing it direct from the market-based team and probably brought one of the team across to lead that business here. So we'll broaden out from the residential market in the U.K. into the business services market and obviously try and replicate some of the success that we've seen Stateside. And that will be a big new segment for us, actually, to attack here in the U.K. And obviously, over time, when we get established in Italy, we'll be seeking to do that in Italy as well.
Brian Roberts: Yes. I just want to say, that's a great point, Jeremy. We -- between Matt Strauss going to Flex, from Flex to Peacock, technical leads and finance and, of course, now business services in the U.K. and there's a senior marketing team coming to Cable from Sky. The integration, as I said, is one of the real highlights and makes the company unique in the conversation we've been having here. And then just on the wireless point, I just want to add in. There were a number of questions there. I think all of this is the trend is going in a way that is very supportive of our capital-light approach to wireless. We're getting scale. We're learning all the realities of a new business extremely well. And the technology, the innovation in the handsets, possibly spectrum, all the conversations we're having, all of those are net positives to where we're going. And we've seen this with Sky in one respect is when you get to a certain point of scale, a number of people want to compete to have relationships with you. And so all that put together, I'm really pleased with the team. And we've taken the leader of that mobile area and given some more responsibility, too. So just a lot of good momentum across the board.
Michael Cavanagh: Yes. Capital-light approach that Brian mentioned, what we're doing today is working. We're encouraging results and driving improving broadband retention. We're attracting new customers through different sales channels and achieving and working towards the path for positive stand-alone economics. So we're -- I'm real pleased with our current position, and we'll be opportunistic going forward.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Michael Rollins with Citi.
Michael Rollins: Just approaching Xfinity Mobile from a different direction. What's working from a selling and bundling perspective as you look at the success of adding customers on a platform now for more than 2 years? How important is the retail experience? And is this something that gets expanded to new direct and indirect locations over time? And finally, how do you view the value of bundling OTT media content with the wireless service to create an additional hook, whether it's to acquire or retain customers?
Brian Roberts: Well, there's several things that are going on that are helping, starting with the fact that we have a great value proposition, and we offer by the gig. We offer a lot of choice in terms of unlimited to select plans that have some pieces of data that are included. So we have a lot of choice that we're delivering, and I think that's helping us achieve success in multiple segments. I think we're in a good position in regards to BYOD. So that helps. And then we're in a good position when great new products come out from Apple or on the Android side. So we kind of have like a full slate covered. In terms of channels, retail, I think the good news is we're able to sort of upgrade our existing retail without having to spend a lot more in terms of new locations. We do add a few locations here and there along the way. But mostly, we've been focused on upgrading retail capability. And mobile is absolutely a key part of that. So -- and it's helping us, I think, attract new business when we do that. So we've been competing, whether it's broadband, whether it's mobile, we look at OTT things. I think our value proposition is terrific as is. And we are extremely competitive with our base core offering. And there's a lot of choice out there in segments. We've been competing against those that have offered different kinds of OTT offers, and we've done quite well. And we respond competitively all the time to different kinds of offers. So I think we're in a good position.
Jason Armstrong: Okay. Thank you, Mike. And with that, we'll wrap up the call. We want to thank everybody for joining us today. Regina, back to you.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:00 p.m. Eastern time. It will run through Thursday, October 31 at midnight, Eastern time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056, and the conference ID number is 8088543. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this conference call is being recorded.  I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke, Dave Watson and Jeremy Darroch. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks, and Steve, Dave and Jeremy will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to Slide 2, which contains our safe harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements, subject to certain risks and uncertainties.  In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.  With that, let me turn the call over to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Jason, and good morning, everyone. I'm really pleased with our strong second quarter results and the continued successful execution of our strategy. All of our businesses demonstrated significant growth, contributing to adjusted EBITDA of $8.7 billion in the quarter, an increase of 7.6%. We also delivered $0.78 of adjusted EPS in the quarter, an increase of 13% over the prior year. All in all, we generated $4.2 billion of free cash flow in the second quarter, resulting in a year-to-date total of $8.8 billion.  The key driver of this sustained growth continues to be our market position with 55 million valuable customers in many of the world's most attractive markets, generating $111 in revenue per customer each month with high margin and strong retention. Across Sky and Cable, we added 456,000 new relationships this quarter and 868,000 in the first half of the year. In all the geographies in which we compete, we lead with superior products, content and technology.  In the U.S., connectivity is the focal point of our customer relationships, enabled by our world-class network. Our connectivity businesses, again, generated nearly 10% growth in revenue and, collectively, are on track to deliver the 14th consecutive year of well over 1 million broadband net additions. In Europe, Sky's premium brand and exclusive content is the principal differentiation in our relationship with customers, driving net additions of 304,000 in the quarter.  Importantly, across the company, we also have leading scale and premium content with a vast library of IP and new productions that are extremely popular across generations and geographies. At NBC, we're on a path to finish number one in the U.S. for the sixth straight year in the key demographic of adults 18 to 49.  And at Telemundo, we're number one in Spanish language primetime. In Film, we are executing our strategic slate approach and look forward to the return of the hugely successful Fast and Furious franchise with the spinoff of Hobbs & Shaw later this August. And Sky continues to develop a strong lineup of original content, including their highly acclaimed Chernobyl, which debuted in the second quarter. On the back of this success, we launched Sky Studios to expand our production capabilities and more than double the investment in local original content.  The popularity and scale of this premium content and advertiser's need for trusted brand safe environments drove NBCUniversal's upfront to record levels this year. Advertising is a core strength. And once again, we led the market on both volume and price. The overall portfolio volume was close to $7 billion, an increase of 10% over last year, and average price was similarly strong. We helped shift the marketplace to embrace all video, unifying all screens, platforms and content, breaking down the historic barriers between linear and digital, which is particularly important as we prepare to launch our ad-supported streaming service next year. To that end, we had record digital video sales, an increase of 50% over the prior year.  So when you add the scale and strength of our customer relationships, premium content and advertising capabilities, we have a uniquely strong position to capture and profit from the growth opportunities in our markets. For example, in the streaming segment, we've already made significant moves to better serve viewers who want to consume content in and out of the home. Sky was ahead of the curve, launching NOW TV almost 7 years ago. That platform has proven to be incredibly durable and popular, evident in Sky's Q2 net additions. At Cable, Flex offers a new approach for our broadband customers to enjoy the most popular streaming apps on our X1 platform, including The Voice remote, without requiring a traditional linear content subscription.  Finally, at NBCUniversal, we're making great progress on the direct-to-consumer streaming service that we announced earlier this year. We believe the strength of our assets and leadership across our businesses, combined with access to tens of millions of customers, will lower both our cost of entry and execution risk as we deliver a truly special offering. All in all, our strong operating and financial momentum continues. If you take a step back, there are significant competition and change in the ecosystem right now. But that said, for years, we've felt that video over the Internet is more friend than foe. We believe it plays to our strengths. We've got a great roadmap in each of our businesses and an even better outlook when you add it altogether. The fastest broadband married to world-class platforms as well as highly rated, relevant content. And we are the leading company in both of those businesses at scale globally. It's our scale that allows us to evolve and continue to invest, all while maintaining momentum and driving substantial growth, and this has always been our approach. In fact, if you look over the last 10 years, just to pick one stat showing our consistency during significant other transitions in our business, we've grown adjusted EPS by double digits in 9 of those 10 years, and we're pretty close in the 10th year. Our second quarter and first half results continue this trend of robust growth, and our outlook is for more of the same.  Over to you, Mike.
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 4 with our second quarter consolidated results. As a reminder, we completed our acquisition of Sky in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our reported results include Sky from the acquisition date, while pro forma results include Sky as if the transaction had occurred on January 1, 2017. Having said that, on a reported basis, revenue increased to 24% to $26.9 billion and adjusted EBITDA increased 18% to $8.7 billion. On a pro forma basis, revenue increased 0.8% and adjusted EBITDA increased 7.6%, reflecting growth across all three businesses.  As Brian mentioned, adjusted earnings per share grew 13% to $0.78 and free cash flow was $4.2 billion, bringing the first half total to $8.8 billion. Now let's turn to our segment results, starting with Cable Communications on Slide 5. Cable delivered another very strong, consistent quarter of growth, driven by healthy customer metrics on our connectivity businesses and continued success in controlling costs, while also making significant strides in the customer experience. We believe that the strength of our network, best-in-class products and customer experience improvements are a winning combination that will continue to drive profitable growth.  Overall Cable revenue increased 3.9% to $14.5 billion in the second quarter. Revenue growth in the quarter was led by the steady increase in customer relationships for both residential and business services as well as higher ARPU. Total customer relationships increased 3.4% year-over-year to 30.9 million, driven by 209,000 high-speed Internet customer net additions across residential and business services in the quarter and 1.3 million over the last 12 months.  Total video subscribers declined by 224,000 in the quarter as we continue to respond to change in consumer viewing preferences. We will remain disciplined in executing our connectivity-led strategy to drive customer relationship growth and total lifetime value of those relationships. Video will continue to play an important role in our strategy. But as we said before, we will not chase unprofitable video subs. The success of this approach is evident in our results, with our monthly adjusted EBITDA per customer relationship growing 3.8% year-over-year and our continued improvement in retaining customers, including best on record retention for broadband in the second quarter. Consistent with recent trends, our connectivity business, residential broadband and business services continue to drive the growth at Cable. Our revenue in these businesses, collectively, reached $6.6 billion in the quarter, up 9.5% year-over-year.  In addition to the solid customer additions that I mentioned earlier, residential high-speed Internet ARPU grew 4% this quarter. Looking ahead, we expect to continue a healthy balance of both customer and rate growth. Our wireless business, Xfinity Mobile, is another important contributor to our growth at Cable. This still new business is already positively impacting retention, while also attracting new customers. And it's firmly on a path to positive standalone economics. We added 181,000 net customer lines in the second quarter, while we also reduced our quarterly adjusted EBITDA losses at Xfinity Mobile to $88 million, reflecting progress and scaling and fine-tuning our operations. While we expect this overall trend of improvement in Xfinity Mobile's financial performance to continue, we anticipate customer-related acquisition expenses will increase in the seasonally strong third and fourth quarters.  Moving now to cable expenses and margin on Slide 6. Overall, total cable expenses increased 1.6% as we continue to see the benefit of our disciplined approach to controlling costs, while also increasing the total number of customers that we serve. Non-programming expenses slightly increased by 1.4%, but improved by 2% on a per-customer basis. Our ongoing efforts to continually improve the customer experience by reducing unnecessary transactions and digitizing many of the remaining transactions continue to drive cost out of the business. The company had its best performance on record this quarter across many of our key customer metrics. For instance, customer contact rate and truck rolls hit record lows as we continue to improve reliability and expand digital and proactive messaging to our base.  On the programming side, we continue to benefit on the relatively low rate of expense growth, up only 1.8% this quarter, which reflects the timing of contract renewals. Putting it altogether, the strong growth in our connectivity businesses, the improvement in our performance at Xfinity Mobile and our ongoing focus on cost management enabled us to deliver a healthy 7.4% increase in adjusted EBITDA at Cable. EBITDA margin expanded by 130 basis points to 40.5%.  Based on our performance in the first half of the year, and our outlook for continued improvement in the second half, we are increasing our prior guidance. We now expect the improvement in EBITDA margin at Cable for the full year to be slightly above 100 basis points compared to our 38.7% margin in 2018. This is an increase from our prior guidance of up to 100 basis points of improvement in 2019. Finally, cable capital expenditures in the second quarter decreased 9.8% to $1.6 billion, which resulted in CapEx intensity of 11% for the quarter. This primarily reflects lower spending and scalable infrastructure and line extensions in part due to the timing of plant construction and other investments we're making in our network.  That said, consistent with the broader shift in our business toward connectivity, we expect to continue to invest in our network, which will enhance our competitive position in broadband by enabling us to stay ahead of customers' high and increasing expectations, evidenced by the rapid growth in data consumption. We now expect cable CapEx intensity for the full year to improve by at least 100 basis points compared to 13.8% in 2018. This is an upgrade from our original guidance of a 50 basis points improvement in 2019. This is driven, in part, by timing of network investment as well as the trend in decreasing CPE investment as the total number of video subscribers continues to decline and as the rate of our deployment of X1 has moderated. And while we don't provide specific multiyear guidance, and we could potentially adjust our plans if attractive new opportunities emerge, we expect the underlying video CPE trends that are contributing to the improvement in our full year CapEx intensity to continue beyond this year.  In total, we're encouraged by the cable team's consistently strong performance and a great quarter and first half of the year. The formula is working. We're seeing healthy growth in total customer relationships and adjusted EBITDA with margin expansion driven by our strong connectivity results and focus on cost control, coupled with the decrease in cable CapEx intensity as the mix of our business continues to shift. Together, this drove a 22% increase in net cash flow at Cable in the first half of the year.  Now let's move to NBCUniversal's results on Slide 7. NBCUniversal EBITDA increased 8.1%, with contributions across all of our businesses, clearly demonstrating the power of our premier content portfolio and IP. Cable Networks revenue increased 2.5% to $2.9 billion and EBITDA increased to 2.2% to $1.2 billion. Distribution revenue increased 3.4% driven by the ongoing benefits of previous renewal agreements, partially offset by subscriber losses in the 1.5% to 2% range. Advertising revenue was consistent with the prior year as lower ratings were offset by higher pricing.  Finally, content licensing and other increased 5.1% in the quarter. We would note our content licensing comparisons become considerably more challenging in second half of the year due to the heavy level of programming license to third parties last year.  Broadcast revenue increased 0.5% to $2.4 billion and EBITDA increased to 28% to $534 million. Excluding the comparison to Telemundo's broadcast of the FIFA World Cup last year, revenue was up mid-single-digits and EBITDA was up double digits, driven by growth in retrans and strong advertising.  Retrans revenue increased 15% to $500 million. Excluding the World Cup, advertising increased mid-single-digits as lower ratings were more than offset by higher price, reflecting a very strong scatter market with double-digit price premiums as well as some benefit from an additional NHL Stanley Cup game and Copa America soccer in the quarter.  Filmed Entertainment revenue decreased 15% to $1.5 billion, while EBITDA increased 33% to $183 million. Revenue reflects a tough comparison to Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom in the second quarter last year partially offset by the release of The Secret Life of Pets 2 this quarter. Theatrical revenue declined 53%, reflecting this tough comparison. Content licensing revenue increased 9.8% driven by the timing of when content was made available under licensing agreements.  Theme Parks revenue increased 7.5% to $1.5 billion and EBITDA increased nearly 4% to $590 million. These solid results were driven by higher attendance, aided by the timing of spring break vacations and higher guest spending. We're excited about the future of our Parks business as we have a great runway in coming years with Nintendo World opening in Japan in 2020, Universal Beijing opening in 2021 and other significant opportunities to come soon.  Moving on to Sky results on Slide 8 now. As a reminder, I will be referring to our pro forma results as if the Sky transaction had occurred on January 1, 2017, and growth rates on a constant currency basis, consistent with what's reflected in our earnings release. Sky was a strong contributor to our consolidated results with solid revenue growth, significant customer additions and double-digit EBITDA growth in the quarter. Sky added 304,000 customer relationships, ending the quarter with 24 million relationships. Customer growth mostly came from streaming subscribers, primarily driven by Game of Thrones and also from the debut of the Sky original breakout hit, Chernobyl. Both were exclusive on Sky Atlantic.  Importantly, customers are choosing to watch more Sky content. The amount of time Sky customers spent viewing Sky channels increased by more than 20% year-over-year driven by our investment in sports and entertainment programming. As Brian mentioned, on the back of this excellent performance, we've now launched Sky Studios with the intent of doubling investment on local original content. This investment reflects our strategy to shift our mix towards more original content production. In a difficult macro environment in Europe, Sky revenue increased 2.4% in the quarter to $4.8 billion. Direct-to-consumer revenue grew 1.7%, benefiting from customer growth, but partially offset by the decline in average revenue per customer. The change in ARPU includes our previously announced rate increase in the U.K. as well as the record addition of streaming subscribers, which contributed incremental revenue to the business, but at a relatively lower amount of revenue per customer.  Our investment in programming is driving top line growth. Sky's content revenue increased 28% to $376 million, reflecting the wholesaling of sports programming, including exclusive sports rights recently acquired in Italy and Germany, as well as the modernization of our slate of original programming.  Finally, amid the challenging macro environment in Europe, including declines in our ad market, advertising revenue at Sky decreased 5.6% to $563 million. EBITDA at Sky increased by 20% in the quarter driven by the combination of revenue growth and operating efficiencies, plus a favorable comparison to prior year, which had contract termination cost and cost related to a settlement, which, together, more than offset the expected step-up in sports rights programming costs.  Finally, wrapping up on Slide 9 with free cash flow and capital allocation. We made $954 million in dividend payments in the quarter for a total of $1.8 billion for the first half of the year. We also continue to make good progress in deleveraging. Pro forma net leverage at the end of the second quarter was 3.1x. Also we are exploring ways to monetize the embedded floor value in our recently announced Hulu agreements with The Walt Disney Company. Should such a transaction come to pass, we would anticipate using the cash proceeds realized to accelerate our deleveraging efforts by paying down Comcast debt. We remain focused and on track to meet our deleveraging commitments.  In closing, we are very pleased with our results in the quarter and throughout the first half of the year. We continue to execute at a high level, consistently generating significant free cash flow, which, we believe, drives growth and intrinsic value and, in turn, over time, strong total shareholder returns.  So with that, I'll turn it back to Jason to lead our Q&A.
Jason Armstrong: Okay. Thanks, Mike. Operator, let's open up the call for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne: I have two questions. One, around the outlook for broadband growth and the second around the NBC streaming strategy. Maybe for Brian or Dave or who wants to take it, when you think about continuing to drive broadband net adds at the level we've seen over the last couple of years, can you just talk about the sort of product and service pipeline that you're focused on? Do you think you can deliver continued market share gains in a market that is, obviously, maturing, particularly if you think about 5G arriving at least someday down the road? And then on NBC, maybe for Steve or -- and/or Jeremy. I'm just curious, we saw the move of The Office from Netflix to NBC. We've seen shows like Chernobyl do really well. How do you think about the cost of building this streaming business in terms of content spend or licensing loss relative to the opportunity down the road? Are you convinced that this sort of the upside is worth whatever dilution you expect to come? And I know you're still formulating your plans, but it seems like every media company is doubling their programming spend, so there's a lot of incremental investment going on. I'd love to hear your updated thoughts there.
David Watson: Ben, this is Dave. So in broadband, everything starts with a steady, consistent investment in the network. So I think we are delivering -- we'll continue to deliver the most efficient and effective way of supporting the high-bandwidth applications, whether it's gaming to Internet TV. Our network is built for those applications. So we'll continue to do that in ubiquitous way throughout our footprint, and it really comes down to 3 big areas that we will stay focused on. One is speeds. We're going to continue to match capacity. And we have a strong track record, 17 times, 17 years. We now have 100% of our network where we have 1 gig available. So we're going to continuously very focused on that.  WiFi in the home is just critical for all the different devices. So our gateway, I think, is the best gateway in the marketplace. We have pods that we have brought into marketplace. And we make it easy through the app being able to optimize it. It's so easy to install the pods. And then, over time, they're automatically and proactively optimized to make sure that the coverage is continuously improved.  And last but not least is control, and this is how do we help devices get attached to the network, how do we manage applications and, increasingly, over time, how do we help customers with security. So all of those things kind of add up to xFi. xFi is the brand in which all of these things kind of come together.  And you look at the performance, as Brian said, this is the 14th year we're looking at. For 2019, we'll add over 1 million net broadband customers, and we're balancing share gains with strong revenue. So as we do this, I think we're delivering good value. The ARPU is growing. Broadband revenue is growing, and it's margin accretive, so it's helping the EBITDA growth. So overall, I think we have a solid pipeline for broadband innovation. This is -- we start with this category.
Brian Roberts: The only other thing I would add, I think that's a very complete, thorough description of the strategy and great execution by Dave and his team is this latest product that we keep referring to, Flex. Because we want to deepen the relationship with that broadband customer, and we'll have more to show and talk about in the months ahead, but in a nutshell, we see this pivot to consuming video, leads right into your second question, consuming video in other ways. And we want to make sure that, that relationship is made simple and easy and has value-add by subscribing to our broadband. And I think the team is off to a -- got some really great ideas there. But Steve, you want to answer the second questions, then Jeremy can weigh in?
Stephen Burke: So we're hard at work on our streaming plans. We're planning on announcing more details as we get closer to the launch. Our goal is to launch the service next April. We have over 500 people working on the service at present. We're using the NOW TV platform that has worked so well in Europe as really the platform foundation. We believe we have a very innovative way of coming into the market that is very different than anything else in the market and, we believe, has very attractive financial aspects versus other ways to get into streaming.  The Office was important to us because, according to Nielsen, The Office is the number one show on Netflix. It's about 5% of all of Netflix's volume, which, obviously, a show that was on NBC and is tied to the DNA of NBC. And we see The Office as being one of the tent pole programs on our platform. So we'll have more to talk about. I think for competitive reasons, we believe we've got some ideas that are innovative and don't really want to share those until we get right close to launch, but we're very pleased to have The Office and very optimistic about our streaming plans at this point.
Brian Roberts: Jeremy, maybe talk about Sky Studios and, a little bit, the strategy there, if you wouldn't mind to the question he made about Chernobyl.
Jeremy Darroch: Sure, Brian. So a couple of things, Ben. It's just on your first point, remember, in Europe, particularly we're buying content for the market as a whole. So we can use our content very efficiently, either of the DTT service over a streaming service. So it's one of the reasons, whilst revenue from our streaming brand, NOW TV, tends to be lower, our cost basis is much, much lower as well. So it's -- we were thinking of it efficiently on an incremental basis. And the more we can do that with technology, as Steve described, of course, the more that effect can apply across the company.  In terms of Sky Studios, really, our focus is on own originated content and European content. And I think this is going to be extremely powerful for us because, I think, there's a big opportunity to develop European stories at a scale that we've never really seen before. It's no surprise to me that both Game of Thrones actually, but also Chernobyl did particularly well here. Game of Thrones essentially was shot in Europe. It had a lot of European actors. And of course, Chernobyl, a difficult subject, is one of the great sort of European stories over the last few decades.  So I think there's a real spot for us to drive into now Sky Studios. It will be the vehicle that we'll use to do that and that will complement all of the acquired programming that we are getting from around the world, but will be very, very different as well because it will be essentially European. So it fits really very well with us. And of course, we'll displace some of the acquired program -- programming with more of our own originated content as part of our investment thesis.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.
Craig Moffett: Two questions, if I could. First, can -- I know you are hesitant to give long-term guidance, but margins have climbed as high as almost 50% for some of the kind of video-light competitors, if you will, in the cable industry. I'm wondering if you could just -- are there any real differences between those companies and your own other than simply video mix? And then second, Brian, just strategically, as you think about NBC and the video strategy at Comcast being sort of to let video customers go if they want to go and the pressure that, that puts on NBC, can you just talk about how you think those two strategies can comfortably coexist?
David Watson: Craig, this is Dave. So let me start with margin. And you're right, we don't give long-term margin guidance. But let me start with our focus, and I think that gets to the fundamentals that will continue to impact margin. The main areas, I think we've been very consistent on this, that we focus on total relationship growth, EBITDA per customer relationship and net cash flow per customer relationship. These are -- nothing is going to change in regards to the consistent strategy. So -- and that all starts and it impacts margin by focusing on the connectivity businesses, both residential and business services, which are both of those are margin accretive. So that's the first part.  Second part, and as Mike mentioned earlier, a ton of focus around improving the customer experience and just taking out the unnecessary noise in the business, the unnecessary transactions, a lot of focus around the digital experience and the customer experience, so these are fundamentals that I think are impacting this quarter, but will continue beyond.  So I mean, there's a lot of runway had in terms of improvement and as we stay focused on the connectivity businesses. I do think you have in the balance of the year -- the second half of the year, you'll have cycles, like sales activity, mobile sales, that picks up. And we expect certain new product introductions could impact margin a little bit and/or just the tough comp politically with political advertising. So there'll be a couple of things that could go from quarter-to-quarter. But overall, the fundamentals, I think, are rock solid in terms of our approach towards margin. And so don't give really anything beyond this year, but feel very good about the fundamentals.
Brian Roberts: On the other thing, look, we -- this is why we think Comcast/NBCUniversal is such a dynamic company. We -- there will be changes in one segment or another. We've been pretty consistent. Steve's been pretty vocal that cable nets will see some pressure on subscriber losses. We're benefiting from that and then selling a lot of content to streaming services. We're building our own streaming service. Our Broadband business benefits from that tremendously. And -- but that's why we have a Parks business, and we have seen great results at Broadcast division this quarter. And the Cable nets grew. So -- and that's where having more global footprint will allow us to create one production and sell it all over the world, if that's what we choose to do. So I think it's pretty much what we've anticipated. We've positioned the company and shifted our strategies accordingly. And on the margin between one division or another, there may be slightly different emphasis. But part of the uniqueness that Steve was just talking about of some of our ideas, which is to really support the ecosystem as we see it and take advantage of this change that we're all living through and make it a positive on the other side. And that we've seen, as I said in my opening, time and time again. And we've managed with really great leaders to have products that have yielded many years of growth for this company and we see that for the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: I have questions for Steve and also Jeremy. Steve, can you talk a little bit about this really strong upfront advertising market, especially in the face of lower ratings, but like an onslaught -- a coming onslaught of non-advertising supported streaming services? When do you begin to sell your own AVOD direct-to-consumer service? And then Mike kind of threw in when you've talked about NBCU that there is more opportunities in Theme Parks. So maybe give us some color on that. And for Jeremy, do you expect -- just to maybe follow up on Ben's question, but do you expect a pullback of programmings -- programs like we've seen in the U.S. or we're seeing -- going to see in the U.S. from Disney and Warner and others? And if yes, how much money do you think that will free up for your focus on doubling originals? And I guess, like, just as part of that, is there a secondary market for programming? Or will you -- is the plan to keep it all on your own platform?
Stephen Burke: So we had a record upfront. For the last seven years, we've been selling all of our channels together at the upfront. And pretty much, for the last seven years, we've been leading the upfront. We're the first company that does business, and we sell more television advertising than anyone else in the country. This year was particularly robust. Our volume was up 10%. I think our average pricing was up close to 10%, maybe 9%. NBC and primetime was up about 13.5%. And we saw a variety of things that drove that. Maybe the most interesting is that now the biggest category of advertising are upfront is from companies that are digital-native companies, the FAANG companies, Peloton businesses, streaming businesses, businesses that basically exist on the Internet. And ironically, those are the businesses that are putting some pressure on our ratings. But interestingly, those businesses find television advertising very, very effective. And because they're so data-oriented, they can measure the impact of television advertising.  So well over $1 billion this year came from digital-native companies that literally didn't advertise 4 or 5 years ago. And that's what happens when an advertising market is in good shape. You need a good economy and then you need some new advertisers. We were fortunate enough to have both. Our digital ad sales -- our ad sales on our digital platforms, digital products, have also surpassed $1 billion. So you've got kind of an all-screen approach to the market as opposed to just selling linear television. So the advertising market is very, very healthy and that's part of the reason why we're still very optimistic about the future of broadcast and cable channels.
Brian Roberts: Jeremy?
Jeremy Darroch: In terms of -- sorry. Yes, sorry if I missed it. Just in terms of your question, I think we're going to be -- we remain a really fantastic partner for the companies you mentioned or anybody else who wants to develop a D2C or a business in Europe. I mean, typically, it seems to be when most people land, the first question they're going to have to ask themselves is where all the Pay TV customers. And on the hole, that was Sky. So I would hope that with our historic relationship, the relationship we have, that we'll continue to be able to work with many, many people to help them and us be successful.  However, as you would expect, we deliver lots of -- we develop lots of options on our business. So our investment in Sky Studio isn't really predicated on anybody else. We'll double the amount of original programming we have. We have the capacity to take that further quickly if we so want to. We're seeing great results from that. So just this quarter, viewing the Sky's own original programs was more than double what it was a year ago. And it is -- there is a secondary market. We are monetizing it well. We're either selling it in market to other retailers. So for example, we've got relationships with all the telcos, the cable businesses in Europe to sell our content to their customers. And our revenues are up something like 30% in terms of content sales year-on-year. So I think we've got a lot of good options available to us, and we'll just have to see how commercial negotiations pan out.
Stephen Burke: Just looping back to Parks, which was part of your question, Jessica. We continue to remain very bullish on the Parks business. And obviously, we're investing in Beijing. We're investing in our domestic parks. We think there's a lot of opportunity down in Orlando. We built a lot of hotel rooms. We'll be talking more about investment in the state of Florida. And it's now about 1/3 of NBCUniversal's total operating cash flow. And we continue to love the business and think it fits very well with our animated movie business and other things that we're doing.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs.
Brett Feldman: As your Cable business becomes increasingly connectivity driven, it certainly seems like the margin profile is going to keep improving. And as Mike alluded to, the CapEx profile is also likely to continue improving as well. And so what that implies is that, that business' natural ability to delever is probably going to be greater in the future than it has been in the past, and that could maybe get you back to your pre-Sky leverage profile a bit quicker. But I think that, really, on a recurring basis, it implies that business might just be creating more excess capital over the long term than we've seen. So it's really a question about capital allocation. As you get back to that pre-Sky leverage profile, how do you think about where your capital allocation priorities go? Particularly, how do you balance the opportunity to return to a share repurchase program versus reinvesting in some of the growth opportunities you were talking about over the course of this call?
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, Brett. It's Mike. So I totally agree with the kind of the outlook for -- what the profile of the Broadband and connectivity businesses imply for the long term. Great cash flow generation profile of that business. And so we love owning it, and we'll keep investing in it in the way that Dave described.  In terms of priorities, on -- delevering is priority number one right now. And so we've said to the rating agencies, we'd get back in line with our rating within 24 months of doing the Sky deal. And so we've made, obviously, good progress thus far on that. And I would say we're nicely on track to accomplish that.  On the other side of getting back to where we need to, we'll talk about what to do from there. But I would say, the fundamental principles of making sure we invest steadily in our existing businesses and maintain a very strong balance sheet, while returning ample cash to shareholders through our dividend, which this year will be north of $3 billion, $3.3 billion or so, 10 years in a row of increasing the dividend, that principle, together with likely healthy buybacks, as we did prior to Sky, in the future -- is the likely future, but we first have to get ourselves back to where we said we would.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Hodulik with UBS.
John Hodulik: Okay. Great. Maybe for Brian, could you give us an update on your view on the M&A landscape? It seems like whenever there's a telecom or media asset up for sale on a global basis that the Comcast name is at the top of the list. And then as a follow-up to that, there's a lot of changes, obviously, going on in the -- potentially changes going on in the U.S. wireless industry. Given the increased focus on connectivity in the Cable business, do you see the need to eventually own assets in the wireless market here in the U.S.?
Brian Roberts: Thanks. We're pretty focused on what we have right in front of us and very excited by it. What drove our appetite for Sky was -- began with Sky being in play and being put in the market and then pushes you to make a decision. So there's not anything at this point that I see that the company doesn't have that we're not pleased with on a big-scale basis.  And second, what Mike just referred to about our priority to return the balance sheet to its historic levels as quickly as possible is our number one, number two and number three focus. And so we're trying to execute well, which, I think, this quarter, the first half year did. I think, to your wireless question, we're really pleased with the wireless, Xfinity Mobile, the first several years, we've been in business. Team, around 1.5 million customers, I believe. And really, we're offering a great suite of products with value to our best broadband customers. It's got a strategic focus for how we're operating the company. And now it's beginning to have real volume and scale and getting us closer to that point where, economically, it's not a drag and it's a contributor. So I don't know why we would change direction. And things could always change, but we're pretty satisfied that we have a great product and it fits with the suite of products we offer to customers.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Philip Cusick with JPMorgan.
Philip Cusick: I guess, two follow-ups. Dave, following up on your comments earlier on broadband, I'm curious what you see out in broadband competition. And as Mike pointed out through the quarter, Broadband had a tough year-over-year comp in 2Q, but was similar to better than the few years prior to that. Any reason to think that second half broadband momentum wouldn't be consistent with those last few years? And then second, on wireless, if I can just follow up on a comment, I think, Mike, you made about getting on that path to standalone economics. How do you think about the scale needed there and also the benefit you've seen so far in cable churn from those customers?
David Watson: So it's Dave. So on broadband momentum and -- it's -- we don't give longer-terms specific guidance. But most certainly, our approach is to continue to focus on the connectivity side of things, both residential and commercial. So we're -- I think we're doing both. We're adding -- we're gaining share. We are -- we have a good balance in terms of financial performance revenue. And it really does start with broadband. So our approach very much starts with being a standalone broadband, packaging broadband with X1, with other products, and we'll continue to do that. Our -- we have record churn in broadband. We continue to do, I think, a good job delivering good value. So everything I said earlier around the product pipeline is going to continue to help us in the back half of the year. So like our momentum, this is -- Q3 is always around back to school and other opportunities in broadband. But I -- we're looking at, as we said, another year, we're going to have over 1 million broadband net adds and this is really solid momentum that we have there.
Michael Cavanagh: Yes, it's Mike. I'll just add in on broadband, exactly right. We see another very strong year. Second half will --in fact, the first half, second quarter had a tough comp to last year's best ever. But when you put the first half together, it's basically in line with the last couple of years we've had or thereabouts. And so I feel very good about the remainder of year outlook in broadband adds.  On their wireless question, we were quite pleased with the beginning to see churn reduction benefit caused by -- in the mobile space overlapping with what Dave just described in broadband. So quite pleased with what's going on there. In fact, in terms of the 1.8 million lines now, about 180 adds in this recent quarter, but you look at it on a quarterly basis, in our footprint, we're taking a very meaningful portion of the opportunity in terms of net adds available to the entire wireless market. So we like the scale we're at.  In terms of economics, the loss of $88-or-so million in this quarter has substantially improved from last year. We need to get into the mid- to high single-digits penetration of our broadband base to achieve the neutrality on the economics. But we're on track to do that. It'll take a little bit of time. But most importantly, we just like the momentum we have in the business as it exists for the reasons Brian and Dave both pointed out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Crdit Suisse.
Douglas Mitchelson: Two questions. First, for Steve, understanding you do not want to provide too many details on the OTT service, I do want to explore the concept of originals versus library programming with you as a driver for the service. The Office, obviously, stands out. But Netflix believes that these new originals that drives new subscriber activations, while library content is more of the glue that keeps customer satisfied and the value of a service. Do you embrace that view that exclusive originals are a key driver for OTT services, like the one you're launching?
Stephen Burke: Well, first of all, our service is very different than Netflix. I do think when Netflix started, it was all acquired programming. And I believe, today, acquired programming is something like 80% of Netflix's volume. The vast majority of our volume, I expect to be acquired. We are spending some money on originals. And we've announced that we're doing another year of A.P. Bio. And we have another -- we have a number of originals that are actually tied to libraries that we currently own. But I would expect the vast majority of the consumption in the beginning would be acquired.
Douglas Mitchelson: Okay, I appreciate that. And Dave, when you look at AT&T's difficult programming negotiations where they're attempting to bend the cost curve, as they say, and lower the pace of programming cost growth, does that change your expectations that Comcast Cable for cost growth? And you might not want to share it, but it would be helpful when you look for the few years to know whether you're programming renewals are lumpy or spread out more evenly on an annual basis.
David Watson: Well, Doug, we haven't -- we don't give longer-term guidance, as you know, in programming. We have certainly said that we are -- these -- that last year, this year, in as cycle where there's less activity -- deal activity. So we'll be into lower programming increases. So -- but having said that, I do think we are very different in a couple of different ways. One, that we have X1. X1, I think, gives us strategic flexibility as we approach this new environment and that we combine the best of live, on-demand DVR applications. And so as we approach relationships -- important relationships with us, we're just giving consumers unprecedented options for them to simply get what they want. So we are -- we will approach it. We'll very aggressively look at data, every single deal that we will look at engagement. But we will offer up X1, and X1 will continue to be a really important platform for us in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI.
Vijay Jayant: This is only for Jeremy. Obviously, in the U.K. and Germany, you're a reseller of the incumbent phone company's broadband network. There's probably some opportunities to get partnerships with companies that have faster speeds and/or be partners with new build-out opportunities for broadband given Comcast DNA on connectivity. Can you just talk about, is there a real opportunity to drive subscribers broadly given the potential of faster broadband speeds in your footprint?
Jeremy Darroch: Yes. Look, I think from a customer point of view, that's only -- and actually, our business is already trading up to faster speeds. About half of our customers in the U.K., for example, now are already taking Sky Fibre. So I think, on the back of that trend, there's nothing sort of dramatic happening in Europe but a consistent trend we can grow. We get good access to higher-speed broadband in the markets in which we compete.  Our launch in Italy, which will be probably the start of next year, later this year, sort of next year is actually a good example of our partnering with Open Fiber being a particularly helpful contract with them that gives us flexibility to just start with fiber to the premises from a get-go. So I think our position today is a good one. You can see that, of course, in the success that we've delivered in the U.K., where we become very strong number two in the residential market. We'll build a similar position in Italy. It will big new business for us to build. And then we'll be open to, can we work more closely with network providers in all those markets. And if we can, we will, but I don't think it's going to constrain us. And I don't think it's a prerequisite for us to continuing to grow.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wolfe Research.
Marci Ryvicker: I think we all understand the connectivity message, but I think we're still trying to get a little bit of clarity on the video strategy. So 2 questions related to this. Number one, are you still investing in the video product? And I think from all of the comments on the call so far, the answer would be yes, but just want you to confirm that. And then sort of following up to Doug's question, if you're, in a sense, deemphasizing video, have you become indifferent to affiliate fee increases as you renew this carriage contracts because if you pass the increases on the customer, and if they leave, they leave or you're still going to fight the fight to keep programming cost down?
David Watson: Marci, Dave. So I think you had to break that down in two ways. One, there's a marketing focus and there's a product focus. From a marketing perspective, our focus is -- we talked about connectivity, but we're also -- video is an important packaging element to the segments that are profitable, that want the best video platform there is in X1. So we'll continue to emphasize our approach towards segmentation and leveraging X1 with broadband, so you get the best-in-class combination of the 2. So we're not going to chase low end. You look at the last quarter, a lot of that are -- actually, our video churn was relatively stable to last year's second quarter. It's just less emphasis on going after lower end. But overall, X1, we will continue to market into those segments.  From a product perspective, we will invest and are investing in X1. We're adding applications. We've talked about Hulu will be up next. The others that we're talking, we're excited about next year at NBC. There's a lot more in terms of what customers want. And as Brian mentioned, we are excited about and more to come on Flex. Flex is another -- is an extension of X1 that gives an opportunity to go after the streamer segment with a solution that kind of integrates, in an elegant way, the applications, the data. So you can use your voice, you can get to the content that you want for those apps. So more to come on that. But we will continue to invest where it makes sense on video.
Brian Roberts: Okay. Well, I just would add that I think it was a good first half of the year. And I think we had a pretty robust discussion this morning, so I don't have anything to add. It was a good answer, David. Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Okay. We'll end the call there. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:00 p.m. Eastern standard time. It will run through Thursday, August 1 at midnight Eastern standard time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056, and the conference ID number is 1195998. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30:00 p.m. Eastern standard time today.  This does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 09:40:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Comcasts First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead Mr. Armstrong.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, operator. And welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke, Dave Watson and Jeremy Darroch. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks, and Steve, Dave and Jeremy will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to Slide Number 2, which contains our safe harbor disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thank you, Jason, good morning, everyone. This was a great first quarter and an exciting fast start to the new year. Overall, we delivered strong EBITDA and earnings per share growth, as well as robust free cash flow. As you'll hear, this includes the best quarterly EBITDA growth in over 10 years at Cable. Favorable results at NBCUniversal and exceptional growth in customer relationships at both Cable and Sky. These results combined with the continued, strategic evolution of our company bring into focus why we are so well positioned to successfully compete and grow for the long-term. We have the leading scaled platforms in the key and most attractive markets in the world. The U.S., UK, Germany, and Italy are four of the top 10 markets globally in terms of high value households representing 15% of the world's broadband and video customers, but with about 50% of the world's associated revenues. Collectively, we are number one by a wide margin in these markets with 54 million customer relationships that generate ARPUs of over $110 with substantial margin and incredible stickiness. We are intensely focused on being the leaders in the markets in which we compete and we achieve this by continuously improving our best-in-class products and experiences. This gives us a sustainable path to growing and deepening our customer relationships for years to come. And our over 400,000 net additions in the first quarter continues our companywide momentum.  Secondly, we also have leading scale in premium content. We purchase and produce $24 billion of content annually and monetize it through our entertainment, news, and sports networks and across other third party platforms. The first quarter was highlighted by NBCUniversal's. fantastic, theatrical releases and Skys differentiated content continues to attract strong viewership with Sky originals representing all of the top five rated shows across its owned and partner entertainment channels. As content creation has many recent entrants, our industry-leading scale is a defining asset. So let's turn to some more details of the first quarter and the opportunities that lie ahead. Cable Communications delivered an outstanding quarter, including the highest quarterly EBITDA growth in over a decade, even better net cash flow growth and healthy customer relationship growth. Our efforts to improve the customer experience are driving higher customer satisfaction and taking unnecessary activity out of the business. Nearly 80% of customer interactions are now completed digitally. And in the first quarter we reached our lowest service call rate, highest first call resolution rate and shortest repair times on record. These operational achievements are a huge part of the roadmap. As we previously described, we pivoted the business towards our most important and differentiated product, our industry leading broadband service, which forms the foundation of our valuable relationships with residential and business customers. Our customers demand for speed and data usage keeps increasing. Our median broadband home now uses over 200 gigabytes of data per month, an increase of 34% year-over-year, which accelerated from the fourth quarter.  Our consistent investment in our network, including a capital efficient path to 10 gig speeds in the coming years, we believe we will continue to exceed customer expectations, along with X1, mobile, voice and home security. We continue to develop complimentary products and services to deepen these data centric relationships. Most recently we launched Flex, which adds value for broadband-only customers by integrating a wide variety of favorite streaming apps and leveraging some of the best features of the X1 platform, like our voice remote and the ability to manage connected devices on the big screen. Overall, with lots of runway ahead and our connectivity businesses, we are confident in our outlook for continued healthy customer and net cash flow growth at Cable. At NBCUniversal, our first quarter performance demonstrates the power of our premier content portfolio. Adjusting for the profitable broadcast of the Superbowl and Winter Olympics during last year's first quarter, NBCUniversal EBITDA increased by double digits. Film had a tremendous quarter including the theatrical releases of DreamWorks' How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World and the thriller, Us. We're looking forward to the second Secret Life of Pets, as well as Hobbs and Shaw from the Fast and Furious franchise later this year.  At Television, underlying trends remained healthy reflecting demand for our must see entertainment, sports and news content. NBC is on track to finish in first place among adults 18 to 49 for the 52-week season for the sixth consecutive year and has four out of the top 10 entertainment shows on broadcast this season more than any other network. MSNBC also continues its impressive success leading CNN by more than 50% with the narrowest gap to Fox News in over 15 years in total viewership. These highlights throughout our content portfolio bode well for NBCUniversal's direct-to-consumer launch. Each company seems to be pursuing different opportunities as the streaming ecosystem evolves. And we really like our plan, which naturally leans towards the wonderful strengths across all of Comcast. Together NBC and our cable networks have leading viewership share and consumers love Universal's films, library in many content franchises. Advertisers are eager for targeted digital advertising opportunities, and the kinds of top quality shows we produce and our ad sales capabilities and organization are the best in the industry. So our DTC service will be positioned to gain scale quickly as it will leverage the current pay TV ecosystem, including our own tens of millions of valuable customer relationships. We also have scaled IP video capabilities and infrastructure, including the Now TV OTT platform developed by Sky, which will greatly accelerate our efforts. The entire company is energized by this new initiative. Turning to Sky, we remain confident in our strategy of differentiation through unique content leading to a sustained, attractive, competitive position. With a wide range of innovative products and packages Sky is in a great position to continue to expand its addressable market, leveraging the strength of its brand. In the quarter, we had robust subscriber growth adding over 100,000 net new customers, while it's expected new proprietary sports rights deals impacted our profitability. As we begin this new chapter of our combined company, it's early days, but we are finding significant areas for collaboration. A couple of notable examples as quarter included the expansion of AdSmart, bringing together NBCUniversal's, advanced targeting solutions and Skys addressable advertising tools in a first step towards creating a global premium video offering for advertisers. We also announced plans to combine key NBCUniversal and Sky assets including some European TV channels and global content distribution businesses which will provide better scale to accelerate growth and innovation. And we are also exploring launching a global NBC Sky News Channel later this year. So in summary, we're off to a terrific start in 2019 highlighted in particular by momentum and broadband and business services which drove Cable to its fastest level of quarterly EBITDA growth in years. I'm really pleased with both our execution in the first quarter and our strategic positioning of the company for the future. We have world-class global content creation capabilities and our growing base of over 54 million recurring customer relationships is built around highly differentiated products and capabilities, our powerful broadband network at Comcast Cable and Skys unique market position. Over to you Mike. 
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks Brian and good morning everyone. I'll begin on Slide 4 with our first quarter consolidated results. As a reminder, we completed our acquisition of Sky in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our reported results include Sky from the acquisition date while pro forma results are as if the Sky transaction had occurred on January 1, 2017. And now for the numbers, revenue increased 18% to $26.9 billion on a reported basis and decreased 3.3% on a pro forma basis primarily due to the comparison to our successful broadcast of the Super Bowl and Winter Olympics in last year's first quarter. Adjusted EBITDA increased 18% to $8.6 billion on a reported basis and 6.4% on a pro forma basis. These results reflect exceptional growth at Cable and growth at NBCUniversal, despite the tough comparison to the prior year, partially offset by a decline at Sky do the timing of new sports rights cost. Adjusted earnings per share increase 17% to $0.76. And finally, we generated $4.6 billion of free cash flow in the quarter. Now let's turn to our segment results starting with Cable Communications on Slide 5. Overall, Cable delivered a very strong first quarter, highlighted by profitable growth and great customer metrics driven by our connectivity businesses and ongoing improvements in the customer experience. Cable revenue increased 4.2% to $14.3 billion. EBITDA increased 9.8% to $5.7 billion. And net cash flow increased 25% to $4 billion. Customer relationships grew 3.6% year-over-year, including 300,000 net additions in the first quarter. On a per relationship basis, EBITDA increased 6% and net cash flow grew 20%. These results now include Xfinity Mobile, which was previously reported in our corporate segment in both the current and prior year periods. Excluding wireless, in both periods, Cable revenue increased 4% and EBITDA increased 7.9% in the first quarter. Now let's get into the details of the quarter. As our impressive first quarter results clearly demonstrate, the engine of growth for our Cable business is broadband, where we are very well positioned competitively through the strength of our network and our differentiation on the basis of speed, coverage and control. Residential high-speed internet revenue was again the largest contributor to overall Cable growth, increasing 10% to $4.6 billion. This reflects a healthy balance of customer growth and higher revenue per customer. Our residential broadband customer base increased 5% year-over-year to over 25 million, including 352,000 net additions in the first quarter and our average revenue per customer grew nearly 5%. Notably, retention is the best on record. Turning to our other connectivity business, business services revenue increased 9.5% to $1.9 billion. Customer relationships grew 5.4% year-over-year including 25,000 net additions in the first quarter. Revenue per business customer increased by 3.8%, these results reflect the demand for our core connectivity services across small, medium, and enterprise customer segments. We also continue to enhance our offering with complementary solutions that deepen our relationships with commercial customers and drive additional value. We are seeing encouraging uptake of these services including advanced Wifi, video surveillance, wireless backup and SD-WAN. In total our connectivity businesses generated $6.5 billion of revenue and grew nearly 10% in the first quarter and we expect to grow at equally strong levels for the full year. Turning to our video business, in a highly competitive market, our residential video subscriber base declined 1.7% year-over-year consistent with recent quarterly trends and including net losses of 107,000 in the first quarter, resulting in a slight decrease in revenue. Video continues to play an important role in the bundle. We remain focused on driving video on segments we can serve profitably leading with our best-in-class X1 platform for customers who want a premium experience and the most content choices. For customers who are primarily interested in streaming video content. We are leveraging the investments we've made in X1 to deliver our new Flex service, which provides a compelling platform and unique voice search capabilities for customers to use apps like Netflix, YouTube and Amazon Prime Video underscoring the value of our broadband service. Now to wrap up with our newest addition to the Cable segment Xfinity Mobile, wireless generated $225 million of revenue compared to $185 million of revenue in last year's first quarter. This growth was driven by an increase in our customer base, partially offset by lower handset sales. We ended the quarter with 1.4 million customer lines up by 828,000 year-over-year including 170,000 net additions in the first quarter. The majority of customers are choosing our Buy the Gig Plan and we are seeing a significant increase in the uptake of Bring Your Own Device, both of which deliver great value to customers and benefit our economics. These factors along with the scale benefits we are seeing as our base grows at a relatively steady pace are contributing to improvement in our wireless EBITDA losses, which totaled $103 million compared to $189 million in last year's first quarter. Moving now to Cable expense and margin detail on Slide 6, to start Id note that while costs associated with Xfinity Mobile are now included in each of our non-programming expense categories. The bulk of these costs fall into the tech and product support expense category as this is where our MVNO costs and mobile handset costs are housed. Overall, total Cable expenses increased about 1% in the first quarter, driven by 2.8% growth in programming expenses, non-programming expenses decreased slightly and decreased 4% on a per relationship basis. Notably, customer service expense was down 2.3% even as our customer base grew 3.6%. Our ongoing focus on improving the customer experience and offering more digital service tools continues to pay-off in the form of higher customer satisfaction and a reduction in unnecessary activity and the associated costs. As Brian mentioned, nearly 80% of our interactions are now being completed digitally while both truck rolls and calls handled by our agents decreased nearly 10% in the first quarter. These expense results coupled with robust revenue growth resulted in EBITDA margins of 40.1% in the first quarter, up 200 basis points year-over-year including wireless in both periods. For the full year, we now expect up to 100 basis points of year-over-year margin improvement compared to 2018s margin of 38.7%. This is an increase from our original guidance for up to 50 basis points of improvement in 2019. Cable capital expenditures decreased 19% to $1.4 billion leading to capital expenditure intensity of 9.5% in the first quarter, partially reflecting the timing of our spending. For the full year, we continue to expect 50 basis points of year-over-year improvement in capital expenditure intensity compared to 13.8% in 2018 which has been restated to include wireless revenue and capital expenditures. Id note that our MVNO approach to mobile is very capital light and so the amount of wireless capital expenditures is immaterial both in the prior year and our 2019 guidance. We are confident in our ability to deliver another year of healthy growth in Cable in 2019 and our first quarter results show we are off to a great start. With that, I'll turn to NBCUniversal's results on Slide 7. NBCUniversal revenue decreased 12% to $8.3 billion and EBITDA increased 2.9% to $2.3 billion, primarily reflecting the difficult comparison to our profitable broadcast of the Super Bowl and Winter Olympics, partially offset by a strong quarter at Filmed Entertainment. As a reminder, the Super Bowl and Winter Olympics generated $1.6 billion of incremental revenue at our TV businesses in last year's first quarter. Cable Networks revenue decreased 9.2% to $2.9 billion and EBITDA increased 0.7% to $1.3 billion. Excluding $378 million of revenue associated with the Winter Olympics last year, revenue increased 3.2% driven by distribution and advertising revenue growth. Distribution revenue increased 6.8% reflecting the ongoing benefits of previous renewal agreements and a modest decline in subscribers. Advertising revenue increased 2% benefiting from overall higher pricing, robust demand at MSNBC and healthy NHL results partially offset by ratings declines. Content licensing revenue decreased 12% due to the timing of content delivered under our licensing agreements. We continue to see strong and growing demand for our studio's content overall and with the upcoming launch of our own direct-to-consumer service. We'll have more ways than ever to maximize the value of our content. Broadcast revenue decreased 29% to $2.5 billion and EBITDA decreased 24% to $387 million. Excluding revenue of $770 million from the Winter Olympics and $423 million from the Super Bowl, broadcast revenue increased 7.1%. Retrans revenue increased by about 20% to $495 million. Content licensing revenue increased by 7.2%. Advertising revenue grew 2.6%, reflecting overall higher pricing and strength in our entertainment and sports properties, partially offset by a decline in ratings. Filmed Entertainment revenue increased 7.4% to $1.8 billion and EBITDA increased 79% to $364 million reflecting an 11% increase in content licensing revenue and including a successful quarter of theatrical releases. Theatrical revenue increased 5% driven by the box office performances of How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World and Us. We look forward to another animated sequel with The Secret Life of Pets 2 hitting theaters in June and the return of our Fast and Furious franchise with Hobbs & Shaw later this year. Finally, at Theme Parks, revenue and EBITDA were both relatively flat at $1.3 billion and $498 million respectively. This in part reflects the impact of spring holiday timing, which benefited the first quarter of last year but falls in the second quarter of this year. Excluding this impact EBITDA would have grown by low single digits. Towards the end of the second quarter, we will be opening a new Hagrid-themed Harry Potter rollercoaster and the first phase of our Endless Summer Resort in Orlando as well as a new Jurassic World attraction in Hollywood. Looking ahead, we have a robust pipeline of new attractions which includes Nintendo coming to our parks starting with Japan in 2020 and the opening of our new Beijing park in 2021. Moving on to Sky pro forma results on Slide 8, as I said earlier, these results are as if we own Sky as of January 1, 2017. In addition, the growth rates I will refer to in this section are on a constant currency basis. In the first quarter, revenue at Sky increased 1.9%. Content revenue grew 38%, reflecting the monetization of Skys exclusive sports rights, premium channels and original programming. We added 112,000 net new customer relationships in the first quarter with growth in each of our markets. Direct-to-Consumer and Advertising revenues were both relatively consistent with the prior year, EBITDA decreased a 11% in the first quarter reflecting the increased in-programming costs from new contracts for expanded Serie A and Champions League Soccer rights in Italy and Germany which will lap in the second half of this year while at the same time a new lower cost EPL contract begins. We also anticipate benefiting for the remainder of the year from the price increases in the UK that went into effect in April. It's been seven months since the end of the Sky auction and we couldn't be off to a better start in the ways our teams across Sky, NBCUniversal and Cable are working together. Among the exciting initiatives already underway, our Sky NOW TV team support our NBCs direct-to-consumer service. The expansion of AdSmart, the integration of NBCs European channels with Sky. The integration of Sky Vision with NBCs Global TV distribution, the enhancement of Skys products with Cables xFi and voice technology, the leveraging of each other's content by sharing Universal films and TV shows as well as Sky Sports and NBCs Sports network programming and the collaboration in news, on event coverage and the launch of Sky News on X1. So wrapping up on Slide 9 with free cash flow and our balance sheet, we generated $4.6 billion of free cash flow in the first quarter and paid dividends totaling $869 million. Pro Forma net leverage was 3.2 times at the end of the first quarter. We're making good progress on deleveraging and remain on track with the leverage commitments we made with the ratings agencies. In closing, as you can see in our first quarter results, we are off to a great start to the year and strategically well positioned for future growth with leadership and valuable customer relationships, a highly differentiated broadband network and world class content. Our team's collaboration across the business makes us even stronger, which further supports our excitement about the opportunities ahead for Comcast. With that, I'll turn it back to Jason.
Jason Armstrong: Okay, thanks Mike. Regina, let's open up the call for Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Ehrlich with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. I guess two questions. One, how is the company view evolving for direct-to-consumer both for your own service and for the cable company, given the onslaught of coming services, not just your own but Apple, Disney, Warner? And then separately, can you  is there anything that you could say on like long-term intentions with Hulu? Thanks. 
Brian Roberts: Let me start and then kick it over to Steve and Dave maybe. I think that we start with the central view that streaming is going to happen, video over the Internet is more friend than foe and we wish every bit was our bit, but if people consume more bits and video clearly does that. And 4K video does even more than that. Thats in the sweet spot of where this company is going to grow. In terms of the cable effect for the cable company again we've now integrated Amazon, and we've integrated Netflix and we deliver more Amazon and Netflix, I believe, to our customer homes, the number one way to receive it in our footprint and our customer homes. And that it's a deep, successful, beautiful, elegant integration that the tech teams have done at both companies. And we've done that with you YouTube. And you can imagine that we'll do that again with others as the world continues to evolve. Dave, do you want to talk a little more? 
Dave Watson: Yes. Well as Brian had said we think that Internet delivered video is a good thing for the Cable doesn't. When you look at where the usage is on the broadband network, the median monthly data usage for our resi business is over 200 gigabytes and this is increasing at 34% year-over-year in the quarter. So it's clearly critical to have a fantastic broadband network. And I think it really showcases for us this differentiated network and broadband. But while broadband is crucial delivering the experience for all these apps, as Brian said too, the X1 platform is uniquely positioned to tie up all of this together.  I've heard and youve read different stories about just how complicated it can be for the consumer. We think X1 is just a fantastic platform, it gives us the ability to combine everything, live, DVR, on-demand and these apps in such a unique way using the voice. So I think that those two things, I think, give us a great position as we go forward in this landscape.
Brian Roberts: On Hulu the relationship with NBC that is very much in everybody's interest to maintain. And where have no new news today on it other than it's really valuable. And we're really glad we own a large piece of it. And Steve, do you want to add anything there?
Steve Burke: So Jessica, let me give you an update on the NBCU streaming service that we're developing. First of all, our feeling is, and it's interesting watching, you watch CNBC, you would assume that streaming is all of the entrants are in and it's a big battle between two or three of them. We actually think is very, very early innings and in some ways reminiscent of Cable in the 1970s or 1980s. And we think there will be a lot of entrants and a lot of companies will try to enter with their own unique strengths leveraging their own unique assets. And so you're starting to see that. In our case NBC is the number one broadcast channel. We have a huge portfolio of cable channels. And if you add up all of our rating points, more people watch our channels than any other media companies channels. And then not surprisingly, we're the number one provider of television advertising in the country. So we think those are strengths. We also think the fact that Comcast Cable and Sky have over 50 million direct relationships. Building direct relationships with customers is a real strength. So our approach, which we think is very interesting and different is to take thousands of hours of great programming and make it free to the vast majority of people who live in the United States or the UK eventually. And we think that's a way to get real scale quickly. And we think that's a way to achieve profitability more quickly than we would otherwise. So we've taken, as Brian and Mike mentioned in their introductions, we've taken the Now TV executive team, two of the most senior people at Sky working on that project now live in the United States. And we have hundreds of other people working on rights, and technology, and all the things you need to do to set up the service. And in about a year we plan to enter in this unique way and we see a lot of people entering. And we think there is plenty of room for multiple companies in different strategies to make money. And we look at it as a real opportunity. Given all the content we have and the real strengths we have, we look at this as a way to grow our company and power our company for decades to come.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. 
Brian Roberts: Thanks Jessica. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. I just want to start on Cable another quarter, where not just customer growth strengths but also continued margin performance. Dave, you guys have had, I think, your non-programming OpEx has been coming down on a per customer basis now for awhile. Can you talk a little about the drivers of that and whether you see opportunity to continue Dave and or Mike to drive this kind of leverage in the business even as you grow your customer count so much? And then just coming back to sort of the shifting streaming landscape maybe for Jeremy, Disneys role laid out a plan to roll out their product in Western Europe next year, we don't know about Warner's international plans. I'm sure we'll hear about that later this year. How do you  how should we think about Sky's position in Europe to the extent these rights move away from you? I guess if you see that as a risk or how you may redeploy capital into your own studio production? Just talk about Sky's position in Europe and how you think about the shifting landscape on the supply side?
Brian Roberts: Lets start with Dave.
Dave Watson: Yes. Alright, thanks Ben. So on non-programming OpEx we've said we have a long-term game plan and the key drivers for us starts with transforming the customer experience and the customer's digital capability. And when we do that, we're going to take out unnecessary transactions and associated costs out of the business and this is happening. It's good for the customer. And its the right way for us to run the business. And so we think that there is still significant room to improve our performance in taking out these unnecessary transactions. But at the same time, customer experiences are only part of the non-programming OpEx, some of the costs are success based and some you'll see perhaps some increases based on higher volume of sales activity like on the mobile side handset cost.  And we're going to continue to invest and grow on the experience. But what we're seeing, I think, is a reflection of our focus of just being very disciplined around cost and the customer experience. So it could be some lumpiness in any given quarter, I like our momentum in reducing the transactions. And if you combine what Mike was talking about the combination of this focus on the connectivity business and then with the  or focus on taking these cost out, you're seeing the margin improvement that Mike talked about up to a 100 basis points. So we like our momentum.
Ben Swinburne: Great. 
Brian Roberts: Jeremy?
Jeremy Darroch: Yes, sure. So Ben I'll feel really good about our position. I think that Sky's position in Europe is proved as you've seen to be very successful and durable in a variety of environments its anchored off our brand leadership in all of our markets. Our range and reach I don't think any business in Europe can reach as many customers through the broader platform as we can. And we've got really strong market positions. Weve got very broad content as you know, across all the major genres, pretty much across of all the major providers. I don't think people are going to say  any of the business probably has the breath and range of content that we've got. And as you know, we stepped in early to really dismantle the big bundle almost 10 years ago now in Sky. So we have  we've really moved our base already your way and right size much of our base and of course we were early into streaming with Now TV. So it's no surprise to me that business like Netflix, for example, want to be on Sky because they see that as one of the ways that they'll continue to grow the base across Europe. So I feel good about that basic market possession. I think the second thing I'd say about Europe, given that we've got such a strong free to air sector here is the other capabilities of DTC away from platforms, the ability to sell products, reach customers, compete against good free services and then keep the product sold, that's very acute here. And I think we're in a good place there.  I think our relationships will evolve, of course with our partners. I don't feel there's any single partner that we need to keep on the platform. And as part of that continuing to invest in our own channels and content has been a key theme and will be a theme for us going forward. So this quarter alone, the Sky channels or Sky originals, as Brian mentioned, outperformed all of the pay TV providers in our markets. So as always, it'll be disruptive to an extent I think. But I think if you look at our hand and all the assets we've got, we're going to be in a good place to navigate and continue to thrive in that environment.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks guys.
Brian Roberts: Thank you, Ben. Next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Okay, thanks. Can we talk a little bit about competition in traditional video? Do you guys think you're benefiting from the follow-up we're seeing at AT&T and maybe the price increases on the streaming side? And then correspondingly, do you think that gives a boost to the broadband market? And then maybe similar question but on the NBC side, you talked about modest declines in subs. I think over the last few quarters you've talked about sub improvement or improving sub trends on your fully distributed networks. Are you seeing those trends worsen or how would you think of trends on that side? Thanks.
Dave Watson: Hey John this is Dave. So look, the video category remains a very competitive one. And it's little early to gage any impact from some of the moves from either virtual competitors or the SVODs, but theyre still all competing. A sheer number of them as Steve mentioned too there are some new ones coming in. So it's a very competitive category. But having said that, I think, we're competing very effectively with discipline to not chase on profitable relationships. And X1 is a great long-term, terrific platform that as I mentioned before, that integrates live on demand DVR apps and will continue to be an important part of our go-to-market packaging approach. So we're going to compete for the segments that really matter, we're going to leverage our X1 platform, we'll see where the video market goes. But what's happening is to your question broadband is the centerpiece of our packaging and we drove 300,000 total customer relationships. Broadband is the real driver behind that, are ending with 31 million relationships, which is up 3.6% year-over-year. So we're, I think, doing a good job managing the business. We're still going to compete in video. But our overall net results, I think, reflect the strategy.
Brian Roberts: Before we jumped to Steve, I just would add to that point that probably a difference between us and some of the others that you reference is that's the strength of this great network and the model we've got between business services and consumers. If a customer doesn't choose to want to buy one of our video products, they're buying our broadband at a better rate than we might have anticipated years ago. And that's where the shift that we're talking about is playing to our strength. The higher margin, ultimately increasing revenues at the double digit that Mike talked about for the broadband business is pretty exceptional. So getting that mix right, not holding on to the wrong customers too long allows us to free up the broadband business and that's where the flex product looks like strategically we've now set a course for years to come that anticipates the change that is happening in the market. And that that's where I want  Dave you're doing a great job.
Steve Burke: So from the perspective of NBCUniversal and sub trends, we've said, I think, maybe three or four calls in a row that we thought that virtual MVPD sort of growth was probably unsustainable and that's proven to be the case. I think as a number of people who have come in a virtual MVPD universe, they had promotional pricing or big launch plans and they would gain a fair amount of subs. And actually at one point the gain on the virtual MVPD side pretty much offset the loss on the traditional MVPD side. That trend, I think, is over. I think we were right that people came in and now they're raising prices, and pulling back and redirecting. And what you're seeing is that the virtual MVPD growth is slowing. And there's nothing really dramatic on the traditional MVPD side. The erosion is pretty much the same as it's been, you just have a lower number of virtual MVPD net ads. And I think that's going to continue. I think we all believe that's a quite challenged business model and there was a bit of excitement as everybody rushed into the business over the last year or so. And that excitement now is going away.
John Hodulik: Got it, thanks guys.
Brian Roberts: Thank you, John. Next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Phil Cusick: Hey guys, thanks. One follow-up and a new question. First on the Cable margin following-up it seems like even the new guide of up to 200 basis points seems conservative, anything coming in costs later in the year that we should be thinking about? And then second Sky revenue growth in local of only 2% year-over-year looks like a significant slowdown. Was there a timing comp issue in the UK price increase? And then recognizing that April price increase, should we expect that to be enough to return local growth toward last years 4%? Thanks.
Mike Cavanagh: This is Mike Ill start and then give it to Jeremy. So on the up 100 basis points improvement in margin, I think, that's what you should count on. I think one quarter it's a great start to the year. The trends that we've seen in the business of continued mix shift to broadband and control of programming and non-programming costs will continue to be the story, but one quarter at a time. And I'd point you to the guidance that we gave today up a 100. Jeremy you want to hit Sky?
Jeremy Darroch:
, : You're right to say there's really no effect at all of a 5% price increase in the UK and that will come through as we move forward. So we would expect our revenue growth to improve from here and that will continue as we go through the  and broadly moves to the sort of number. The final thing to say is probably in Europe, as you know, the macro environment is bit more challenging in Europe. So the overall ad market in Europe was weak in the first quarter. We significantly outperformed that, because our channels are doing so well. We'd expect that trend to continue, but given the political uncertainty, things like Brexit, we'll have to see how the total ad market goes as we move through the rest of the financial year.
Phil Cusick: Understood. Thanks guys.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks Phil. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett: Hi. Thank you, two questions if I could. Steve, just if I can stay with this topic of direct-to-consumer and does sort of the response to what Jeremy laid out, they articulated a pretty clear path for what it's going to cost as well as what the strategy is. I am wondering if you could just give some broad guidelines to how you think your own strategy will affect spending levels and your licensing revenues over the next couple of years. And then just on the Cable side, I wonder if you could just talk about capital intensity, I know there are reasons not to get too excited about today's number just because of some pull forward in CPE in last quarter. But this really is a sort of very different level of Cable capital intensity that we've ever seen before and I'm wondering if that sort of informs your view of long-term capital intensity, whether it's any different than what you've said in the past?
Steve Burke: So on the direct-to-consumer capital and spending and everything else, we have a lot of people working on it, but we're not going to give any numbers for the obvious competitive reasons. And we'll leave it with that.
Mike Cavanagh: Hey Craig, so as you said capital intensity can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, so sticking with expecting 50 basis points of improvement in capital expenditure intensity in 2019 is right. I think the main drivers are very consistent we said this awhile ago what was happening, anticipated this and so it's the decline in video CPE spending but with a very consistent focus on investing in a connectivity side of business and so don't provide the guidance much beyond what we just said. But we expect the trends to continue. I look at the investment and the infrastructure, business services is just such a great growth engine. We will continue to do the right things in the marketplace and capital and increase passings and lines. The business services team is doing a great job, getting return on all of those investments.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks Craig. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Crdit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. So, a couple of questions. First
Jason Armstrong: Doug. Hey Doug, we can't hear you?
Doug Mitchelson: [indiscernible]
Jason Armstrong: Hey Doug, we still can't hear you.
Doug Mitchelson: Sorry about that, can you hear me?
Jason Armstrong: We can now, yes start over.
Doug Mitchelson: Just updating the wireless strategy. So, obviously strong profit improvement year-over-year a bit better than we expected what this suggest for ROIs and a path to profitability. Is the pace of improvement sustainable and what drove that and is wireless delivery, the churn youd hoped for and over on NBC, you Steve, any predictions going to the upfront, what are advertisers telling you about their spending plans, given this balance of high scatter pricing, but also a lot of ratings declines across the universe? Thanks.
Mike Cavanagh: So, I'll just say it's Mike, I'll start on  we're starting to see on mobile the benefit of scaling up the business. And so that's we've been talking about that for a while, and waiting and watching for it. So you're seeing that in year-over-year with the improvement of about 180 million of losses to around just over 100 of losses. Going forward, I think we sustain that scale. We're really pleased Dave can comment on how the business is performing. But quarter-to-quarter it'll be driven a lot by volumes and we like the volumes weve got in this quarter, particularly in light of what we see from the industry overall and that's part of what you see here, but we're starting to see the benefits of scale is the short story on the financials.
Dave Watson: Yes. So we're happy with the mobile results today, including this first quarter, especially within the context of seasonality and our overall strategy. So 170,000 net additions, pretty solid and ending with 1.4 million lines. And it's early and Ive mentioned it before, but we are seeing some improvement in retention and that's exactly one of our top goals were. We wanted to increase consideration of other products. We're seeing movement in certain sales channels, retail for example, where people coming in and thinking about broadband and mobile is helping that. And last, Mike was mentioning, maintaining positive standalone wireless economics when we reached scale, I think we're on track.
Mike Cavanagh: So we're a few weeks out from the upfront and I think all of the indications are at least for us it's going to be a very strong upfront. I think the economy in the United States, the economy is quite strong. Our channels, NBC is ending the year, number one, MSNBC is beating CNN at night and the Telemundo is beating Univision. So we have a lot of inherent channel strength. And then we're bringing a lot of new technology and a lot of new ways of thinking about spending on digital and interactive technology, et cetera to the market. And then finally you mentioned the scatter market, the scatter market for many, many quarters has been up 30% and sometimes 40% and that is just a very consistent strength. And the reality is, there's more and more places to spend on digital, but television remains a platform for big companies that want to change people's brand perceptions that you just can't find on the Internet. And so I think it is very likely to be a strong upfront and we're right there. We're heading into it in a few weeks.
Doug Mitchelson: Great. Thank you both.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks Doug. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wolf Research. Please go ahead.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you. I have two questions, Brian. You mentioned the Comcast in total spent $24 billion annually on producing and purchasing content. Do you have, how much of that is related to sports? And then second for Steve as the speed and groups get bigger, is there any change in conversations when it comes to reverse comp? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Marci, I don't have that off the top of my head. We'll get back to with whatever been disclosed on that and we'll try to sum that up. But I think the point in making this statement, just to put it in context is the scale of this company and the questions and the conversation that we've been having here, it just dawns on me that the steps we've taken, I feel great about it. Sitting here today with the global world that is interconnected more than ever, technology allowing that, what's our growth, what's our strategy. And you take those top four geographies that's where the best customers reside, you want to have content opportunities in those countries. And the $24 billion shows that's not Dave Watson buying Cable service. That's our production or sports spend, our purchase from making films and you put that together that puts us first or second biggest producer of content. You have all these new platforms that want that content and we have the very best team making that content and now doing that in a number one position in Europe, it makes us just that much of a greater company. And then the 54 million homes that having only 25% market share, but that's far in a way bigger than anybody else. But 25% although in those four countries we represent the revenue and the business relationships is at fantastic position for this company. So it's the scale and its cross content and distribution that I think we were trying to highlight.
Brian Roberts: So let me just quickly address the reverse comp question. Explain it a little bit for those of you who don't follow it. So in the 25% of the United States where we have NBC stations, we get retransmission consent and keep all of it. In the 75% of the United States where we don't have NBC stations but do have affiliates, we keep over half of the retransmission consent in a form that we call reverse comp and the reality is that has become a very substantial operating cash flow generator for the company. And we  literally, every single one of our affiliates we've entered into deals with and I think our affiliates will acknowledge if you look at eyeballs  or really any way you measure it, advertising anything else, the network brings over half the value to a local station and the value of that local station as an asset would change dramatically without the network affiliation. So I don't think any of the changes on the M&A side are going to affect reverse comp in the future and I think being an NBC affiliate has been a very good thing over the last six years.
Marci Ryvicker: Great. Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, Marci. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: Can I just go back to Mr. Robert's comments around that $24 billion? I think there's a little bit of an asymmetry that the market perceives in that, for an attacker like Netflix, when you produce or purchase, it's viewed as fungible dollars. But for someone that's more than the incumbent position like yourself those are not viewed as fungible. And so my question is, is there an explicit sort of idea inside Comcast to pivot more of the dollars towards production and reduce the purchase, so that you would have the flexibility to make them more aggressive DTC push over time? Thanks.
Brian Roberts: Yes, I think, you know what Steve said earlier, we're going to keep our powder dry for another day to talk about more specifics than what we've already laid out. I would think, again, the point is as we see new entrants, were just reminding people the breadth of this company and also, I guess our philosophy that it doesn't all have to be on one platform to be successful. There are a lot of different strategies and particularly, when you do that on a global basis. So, we go from the number one broadcast network to frankly the great portfolio of Cable channels. Universal having its most successful three years in the last three years I think, or three of the top four years and having a great start to this year. Sky, already said they're going to do more of their own productions and the top five shows, were all Sky produced. You can see some trends and draw your own conclusions and we'll have more to talk about in the future.
Jason Bazinet: Thank you very much.
Jason Armstrong: Okay. Thanks Jason. We'll take one final question.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. Now that you've owned Sky for a little over six months, can you give any update on the 500 million synergy, the thing think you had called out and how that's tracking or is there a bigger opportunity there? And then, you also talked about the Flex product being sort of a new frontier. Is that a product that's only going to be in your broadband footprint or is that something you could set a license out or rather sell outside the footprint and really give the benefit of the extended experience to other cord cutters? Thanks.
Mike Cavanagh: Vijay, its Mike I'll start. So 500 synergies, we've said, I'll say it again, we're on track and we'll get those over time couple of years mix as we said of expenses and revenues. So project, against all that are underway and you'll see that in Sky's numbers, but also spread around the company broadly since the teams across the place working on all that. So I feel good about the synergies, but I'd say more importantly, feel very good about owning Sky and as we said, it's about what Sky is onto itself that is attractive there and it's got great market position as Jeremy's described and you can pile on. But I think the list of work that both Brian and I've mentioned earlier, I won't repeat it, but it really cuts across the way Sky, NBCUniversal and Comcast Cable connect with each other, I think it is upside over the longer term for many years to come. That'll make us a better and stronger company, and reach as many consumers as we've called out across the best markets in the world. Jeremy, I don't know if you want to add. Sorry.
Jeremy Darroch: Well, I just thought a couple of things, these are bit non-specific, but I think they're important. I mean it seems to me these businesses are of such size, the fact that we've, seven months in, integrated well, I can tell you that the people in the Sky easily feel very comfortable like our new colleagues are excited about the future. That in and of itself, that's a good thing to have gone under our belt. So I don't think there'd be any sort of balls dropped in the immediate transition and that's important. And then secondly, I think sort of big picture, my assessment is that broadly we wake up in the morning thinking about the same things. We're all trying to do the same things together and therefore in a fast changing world, while you've just got to believe that the ability to move quickly and decisively have a broader set of views and do single things, more commonly across the organization, across the markets that Brian talked to you about is going to lead to advantage is my view. So I think both of those things, there have been non-specific, but I think they're important nevertheless.
Mike Cavanagh: Vijay this is Dave on Flex. Flex is available in our Cable footprint right now and but consistent with our approach with X1 where we have syndication partners that have X1 and they market in their footprints. There's a lot of excitement around Flex as well. So we're in discussions with our partners around Flex as well. I think as Brian said its important long-term product. I think we're going to be using in the early stages in a targeted fashion, helping broadband, but it's a great platform to build broader video relationships as well. So we're excited about this in our footprint, but we'll be talking with other partners down the road.
Jason Armstrong: Okay. Thank you. Vijay and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Regina, we will wrap up the call at this point.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:00 PM Eastern Time. It will run through Thursday, May 2, at midnight eastern time. The dial-in number is (855) 859-2056. And the conference ID number is 8973128. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Comcast's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke, Dave Watson and Jeremy Darroch. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks and Steve, Dave and Jeremy will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to slide number 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you this conference call may include forward-looking statements, subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thank you, Jason and good morning, everyone. 2018 was a successful and pivotal year for Comcast capped off by an outstanding fourth quarter where we grew pro forma EBITDA by 11%. For the full year, we generated record free cash flow. We are now truly a global company with our acquisition of Sky. And as you'll hear, we had many other significant achievements route each of our businesses. This success is based on a few guiding principles. Be leaders in the markets in which we compete. Continuously improve everything so we can deliver the best products and experiences and keep building deep highly valuable recurring relationships with our customers. This is what allows us to have tremendous consistency and to think and compete for the long term. Throughout this very busy year, one of the things that stands out for me is that the team did not miss a beat and they bring us to deliver exceptional operational and financial results for the fourth quarter and 2018. So let's turn to a few of the highlights as well as some of the growth opportunities we see in the coming years. In Cable, we made a very successful transition to a connectivity centric model and that drove our fantastic performance in 2018. Strategy is clear, deliver the best products and experiences while improving our focus on keeping the customer at the center of everything we do. In the fourth quarter, customer relationships increased by 258,000 and EBITDA growth of 7.3% was the best for a fourth quarter in eight years. For the full year, we added 1 million net new customer relationships driven by our 13th consecutive year of over 1 million broadband net adds. Our connectivity businesses, residential broadband and business services in total grew revenue nearly 10% in 2018. We made progress in transforming the customer experience and taking unnecessary complexity and activity out of the business. Greater than 75% of transactions are now being completed through digital touch points. In the past 12 months alone, we have reduced agent handled calls by 15 million and truck rolls by 1.5 million all while adding a 1 million new customer relationships. Altogether, this resulted in Cable EBITDA growth of 6.5% the best for a full year in seven years and net cash flow growth of 13%. Our focus on network differentiation and product innovation continue throughout the year. We rolled out gigabit speed availability to nearly all of the 58 million homes and businesses in our footprint and are redefining the in-home broadband experience for our customers with the best speed, coverage and control which we call xFi. In video, we are leveraging our X1 platform to be the best aggregator of aggregators, delivering the broader selection of content. With our integration of YouTube, Netflix and most recently Amazon Prime Video in December, X1 is the best platform to consume live, on demand and streaming content on TV and on Xfinity Stream. Xfinity Mobile which has quickly become another important component of our bundled offerings for customers ended 2018 with 1.2 million subscriber lines. We're very pleased with this performance in Mobile so far and the value it adds to the bundle and are on track to achieve our primary objectives including positive standalone economics. Customer satisfaction is increasing and retention approve across all of our products in 2018, notably including the best broadband retention on record. So our Cable team is leading and their big strategic shifts are really paying off. Looking ahead, we hope to build on this positive momentum. We expect connectivity will again be the growth engine of our Cable business in 2019 and beyond with sustainable benefits to our financial results as our mix shifts more towards these margin accretive businesses. We see lots of runway ahead and this should help us deliver another year of healthy customer and net cash flow growth in 2019. NBCUniversal has had an incredible run with EBITDA growth at a double digit compound annual rate since our acquisition and we are well positioned to succeed for years to come with scale, must see content and I believe the premier management team in the media industry. NBCUniversal ended a very good year on a strong note. Fourth quarter EBITDA increased 12% driven by over 20% growth at our TV businesses. For the full year, TV EBITDA increased by 15% with growth across all revenue streams reflecting successful execution of our strategy focused on big events and must see entertainment, news and sports content. NBC had a notable year finishing the 52 week broadcast season at number one in total viewers for the first time in 16 years and number one in adults 18 to 49 for the 5th consecutive year in Prime. MSNBC was also a real standout, reaching record viewership for the full year and its largest ever lead over CNN. Our Theme Parks and Film businesses were meaningful contributors to NBCUniversal profitability as well and Mike will take you through the details for the fourth quarter and full year. Now looking to 2019 and beyond, as our 2018 results demonstrate, there is robust demand for our content across multiple platforms. The popularity of our programming is what gives us a great opportunity to create our own streaming service as we announced last week, which we plan to launch in 2020. This service will be distinct and compelling, offering current and prior season's library and some original content with a light advertising load all for free to pay TV customers. It's a great value proposition for consumers and provides marketers with unique targetable digital advertising in high quality premium programming. It will harness all of the things that make our companies so unique, NBCUniversal's premium programming, below franchises and industry leading advertising sales capabilities and Cable and Sky's broad distribution to 54 million direct customer relationships across the U.S. and Europe and top notch IP video capabilities and infrastructure including the NOW TV OTT platform. We believe that we can generate significant value with this service over time by enhancing our content monetization, strengthening the value of pay TV, becoming a leader in targeted digital streaming advertising and expanding our reach through direct customer relationships. At the same time, our approach to monetizing our content will remain balanced. We will continue to sponsor a broad very distribution environment and see this platform as being a valuable addition to this highly effective strategy. In Film, we have a terrific slate in 2019, which includes the third installment in DreamWorks' How to Train Your Dragon franchise. The next chapter in Illumination's brilliant Secret Life of Pets and the return of the Fast and Furious franchise with Hobbs & Shaw. Finally, we have some wonderful attractions opening at our Theme Parks in 2019 with Jurassic World in Hollywood and a pretty thrilling new Harry Potter Coaster in Orlando. In addition with occupancy above 90% even as we more than doubled our on-site hotel rooms at the park over the last five years, we are looking forward to opening Phase I of the 2,800 room Endless Summer Resort in Orlando in 2019. We are confident in the long term growth potential at our parks with an exciting roadmap as our partnership with Nintendo debuts at Universal Studios Japan in 2020 and we bring a brand new large park to Beijing the next year. Turning to Sky, which we have viewed for years as a truly unique company that combines a direct-to-consumer business similar to Comcast Cable with brands and content ownership economics like we have in NBCUniversal. Sky operates in significantly under penetrated markets and has terrific long term growth ahead of it including the potential to expand into new markets. As our teams have come together, the brand leadership, impressive customer loyalty, premier content and innovation driven culture that attracted us to Sky in the first place have become even more apparent. The team at Sky delivered a healthy fourth quarter, its first as part of Comcast. Sky's achievements in 2018 underscores some of the reasons we are so excited about this business. Sky grew its customer base in each of its territories with 735,000 total net additions in 2018 including a record second half of the year, bringing its customer relationships to nearly 24 million. It continue to innovate and scale its best-in-class Sky Q platform and launched a new TV offering in Italy with Sky over digital terrestrial television. Highlighting Sky's proven cross selling abilities, fiber penetration increased and mobile customers continue to scale in the UK. Sky's successful original programming strategy drove strong viewing with Sky originals representing nine out of the top 10 rated shows on its wholly owned and partner entertainment channels in 2018. Sky enhanced its differentiated sports offering securing Premier League soccer rights at a lower cost and Serie A in Italy with more exclusive games. And finally, the team is extending Sky's leadership and customer service while continuing to improve operating efficiency with its digital first initiatives. We are enthusiastic about Sky's organic growth prospects as well as the opportunities created by the combined company in 2019 and beyond. So in summary, this was a really important year for our company, underscored by an excellent fourth quarter. Our consistent track record which now includes 24 straight years of EBITDA growth and confidence in our outlook for continued strong and profitable growth is what enables us to announce that we are raising our dividend by 10% for 2019. We're really just getting started on this next chapter in our company's history and we've a lot of excitement about the future. Over to you Mike.
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Slides 4 and 5 with our fourth quarter and full year consolidated results. As a reminder, we completed our acquisition of Sky in the fourth quarter. As a result, our reported results include a partial quarter of Sky from October 9th, while pro forma results are resist the Sky transaction that occurred on January 1st, 2017. Revenue increased 26.1% to $27.8 billion on a reported basis and 5.2% on a pro forma basis for the fourth quarter and increased 11.1% to $94.5 billion on a reported basis and 6.4% on a pro forma basis for the full year. Adjusted EBITDA increased 21.6% to $8.2 billion on a reported basis and 11.1% on a pro forma basis for the fourth quarter and increased 7.9% to $30.2 billion on a reported basis and 4.8% on a pro forma basis for the full year. In the fourth quarter, adjusted EBITDA increased 7.3% at Cable, 12.3% at NBCUniversal and 8.9% at Sky on a pro forma basis or 12.4% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted earnings per share increased 36.2% to $0.64 for the quarter and 25.6% to $2.55 for the year. This growth reflects the benefit of a lower effective tax rate throughout 2018, due to Tax Reform, as well as our strong operational performance. Finally, free cash flow was $2.1 billion in the quarter and $12.6 billion for the full year. These earnings per share and free cash flow results include a partial quarter of Sky results in the fourth quarter. Now let's turn to Cable communications on Slide 6. Starting with a few highlights from Cable's results for the full year, revenue increased 3.9%, EBITDDA increased 6.5% and net cash flow increased 13.3%. Total customer relationships grew by 1 million or 3.4% year-over-year to 30.3 million. On a per relationship basis, EBITDA grew 3.4% and net cash flow grew an impressive 9.9%. As Brian mentioned, retention improved across all of our products including the best on record for broadband. For the fourth quarter, Cable revenue increased 5.2% to $14.1 billion, EBITDA increased 7.3% to $5.8 billion and net cash flow increased 8.4% to $3.1 billion. Total customer relationships increased 3.4% year-over-year including 258,000 net additions in the fourth quarter. On a per relationship basis, EBITDA increased 3.8% and net cash flow increased 4.8%. These strong operational and financial results for the fourth quarter and full year reflect our overall focus on driving profitable growth and the benefits as our model shifts more towards our high margin connectivity businesses, residential high speed Internet and business services. Now diving into the details of Cable's fourth quarter results. High speed Internet revenue was the largest contributor to overall Cable revenue growth increasing 10.1% to $4.4 billion. We added 323,000 net new residential broadband customers in the fourth quarter bringing full year net additions to 1.2 million. This performance demonstrates our broadband offerings attractive positioning in the market which is a result of the investments we've made in product innovation and into the capacity of our network. We've raised the bar for broadband by offering gigabit speeds, the best customer equipment for wall to wall Wi-Fi coverage in the home and innovative control features to help customers manage their networks and devices. We are delivering more value in our offering and the utility of broadband continues to grow. Our customer's median monthly data usage was over 170 gigabits per month for the second half of 2018, up over 30% year-over-year. We believe we are well positioned to continue to grow as the size of the broadband market increases and we take greater share with our differentiated product and highly capable network. Having broadband at the center of our offering and go-to-market strategy gives us the opportunity to deepen our relationship with the customer and drive additional value by attaching other complementary products. Video is one of these important supporting parts of the bundle. Our best-in-class X1 platform enables us to compete well for customers who want the most content and a premium experience. And it further underscores the value of our broadband by bringing together the best streaming content with linear TV. However as we saw throughout 2018, the video market remains competitive, including the impact of virtual MVPDs. We expect this dynamics to continue in 2019 and remain focused on driving video in the Customer segments we can serve profitably. Xfinity Mobile also highlights another opportunity to add value to our core business by bundling with broadband. We ended the year with 1.2 million customer lines having added 227,000 in the quarter and 854,000 for the full year. Early results are supportive of our key objectives in wireless as we are seeing benefits to overall customer satisfaction and improve broadband retention when Xfinity Mobile is attached. Xfinity Mobile EBITDA losses which are included in the Corporate and Other segment were $191 million for the fourth quarter and $743 million for the full year. Lastly on Mobile, one housekeeping item, which is that starting with our first quarter 2019 results, we will report Xfinity Mobile as part of the Cable segment. Moving on to business services, revenue increased 9.5% to $1.8 billion in the fourth quarter, driven by a 5.7% increase in business customers to 2.3 million and a 3.5% increase in revenue per business customer. We are taking share in each of our customer segments, small, mid-size and enterprise by leading with our connectivity expertise. In enterprise in particular, we're still in the early stages of penetrating a significant addressable market with great traction so far. As we continue to drive growth in enterprise, there can be some lumpiness in revenue due to the timing of bringing new customers online which was a factor in our fourth quarter comparison. Overall, we ended the year at over $7 billion in business services revenue and with at least a $40 billion market opportunity in our footprint, we see substantial runway ahead for this margin accretive growth business. Collectively, our connectivity business has generated over $24 billion of revenue and grew nearly 10% in 2018. As we begin 2019, we are optimistic that we will continue to grow at similarly strong levels, thanks to our network and product differentiation. And finally, advertising was again a driver of Cable revenue growth in the fourth quarter increasing 27.7%, due to record political advertising spending. Excluding political, advertising increased 3%, driven by growth in our advertising technology platforms. Moving now to Cable expense and margin on Slide 7. Total Cable expenses increased 3.8% in the fourth quarter, driven by 4.5% growth in non-programming expenses or 1% growth on a per relationship basis. The increase in non-programming expenses reflects cost associated with increased advertising sales activity due to political and costs related to our X1 syndication business. Partially offsetting this growth was a 2.5% decrease in customer service expenses even as our customer base grew 3.4%. This reflects reduced call volumes and truck rolls as we continue to make progress in providing a better overall experience and eliminating unnecessary activity and transactions including through more digital service tools. Programming cost increased 2.9% in the fourth quarter. Following elevated growth in 2016 and 2017 due to the timing of renewals, we said the rate of programming cost growth should be meaningfully lower for a period of time. We saw this in 2018 with 2.7% growth for the full year and expect a similar level in 2019. Cable EBITDA and margins were 40.9% in the fourth quarter, up 80 basis points year-over-year and 40.7% for the full year, up 100 basis points. For 2019, we believe our margins on our currently reporting basis could improve by up to 50 basis points compared to 2018 benefiting from our high margin connectivity driven growth and ongoing customer service efforts. The same margin improvement of up to 50 basis points will also apply after we restate our Cable financials to include Xfinity Mobile results in the first quarter of 2019. Fourth quarter Cable capital expenditures increased by 7.6% to $2.3 billion, driven by increased investment in scalable infrastructure as well as higher customer premise equipment investment, due to typical seasonal spending patterns. For the full year, capital expenditures decreased 3% to $7.7 billion, reflecting a decline in customer premise equipment spending, partially offset by increased investment and scalable infrastructure and line extensions. Capital expenditure intensity was 14% for the full year, an improvement of 100 basis points year-over-year. In 2019, we expect 50 basis points of improvement and capital expenditure intensity primarily reflecting continued decreases in video centric CPE spending consistent with the broader shift in our business towards connectivity. Overall, I'm really pleased with the results in Cable in 2018 and have confidence that we are well positioned to deliver another year of healthy growth in 2019. Now moving on to NBCUniversal's results on Slide 8. NBCUniversal revenue increased 7.1% to $9.4 billion and EBITDA increased 12.3% to $2.1 billion in the fourth quarter, driven by growth in our TV businesses. Cable network's revenue grew by 8.9% to $2.9 billion and EBITDA increased 4.3% to $1 billion in the fourth quarter, reflecting growth in distribution and content licensing revenue. Distribution revenue increased 10.3% driven by the ongoing benefits of previous renewal agreements, as well as another quarter of improved subscriber trends at our Cable networks relative to the 1.5% to 2% declines we were experiencing earlier, due to consumer adoption of virtual MVPDs. Content licensing revenue increased 28.4%, driven by the delivery of content under our existing licensing agreements and reflecting overall strong demand for our content. Advertising revenue was consistent with the prior year as growth from MSNBC and overall higher rates were offset by ratings declines at our Cable networks. Broadcast revenue increased 3.7% to $3.1 billion, driven by growth in retrans and advertising. Retrans increased about 25% to $440 million, bringing the full year to $1.7 billion, up over 20% compared to $1.4 billion in 2017. We expect retrans of $1.9 billion in 2019 and we believe our successful content and big event strategy at NBC and Telemundo position us well for continued growth in the retrans over time. Fourth quarter advertising increased 2.1% as overall higher pricing, record political advertising and strong Sunday Night Football ratings more than offset the comparison to Thursday Night Football and last year's fourth quarter and ratings declines another programming. Broadcast EBITDA increased by $215 million to $412 million, reflecting higher revenue, as well as lower programming and production expenses due to the comparison to Thursday Night Football rights costs in last year's fourth quarter. Lastly in TV, we are excited about NBCUniversal's recent announcement of a new streaming service. We believe our unique proposition offering premium programming and a late advertising load offered free to pay TV customers will be well received by both consumers and marketers. As Brian outlined, we believe this approach will create significant value over time and leverage the strengths and resources of Comcast NBCUniversal. We anticipate a manageable level of investment will be required to build out and scale the service over several years with a negligible impact to our financial results in 2019. We measured in our production of streaming originals, aligning the levels of spend with the consumer and financial scale of the service over time. We have a balance strategy that promotes a broad very distribution environment for our content and our new streaming service will be a complementary part of this approach. Turning to Film. Revenue increased 14% to $2 billion, driven by the theatrical success of The Grinch in the fourth quarter, while EBITDA decreased 23.6% to $179 million, due to a tough comparison to our 2017 slate. We are optimistic about our Film slate and outlook for growth in 2019 underscored by an increased number of animated titles and the return of The Fast And The Furious franchise. Theme Parks' revenue increased 3.5% to $1.5 billion and EBITDA increased by 0.7% to $666 million in the fourth quarter as record results from the annual Halloween Horror Nights event at our domestic parks were offset by continued weakness at Universal Studios Japan as the park recovers from the lingering effects of the natural disasters that occurred in the third quarter. We remain bullish on the outlook for our parks over the next several years as we're investing in a robust pipeline that includes Harry Potter and Jurassic World attractions in our domestic parks in 2019, a new resort hotel opening in Orlando this summer, Nintendo coming to our park starting with Japan in 2020 and a new park opening in Beijing. Turning to Sky on Slide 9. We are pleased with Sky's execution of results in the fourth quarter. On a reported basis, Sky is included in our financials as of October 9th, 2018. As I go through Sky's performance in more detail, I'll refer to our pro forma results as if the transaction had occurred on January 1st, 2017 and growth rates on a constant currency basis, consistent with what's reflected in the earnings release and will be our go forward approach for discussing Sky's results. For the fourth quarter, Sky's revenue increase 5.6% to $5 billion, reflecting healthy growth across direct-to-consumer, content and advertising. Direct-to-consumer revenue increase 4%, driven by improved product penetration for pay TV, growth in Sky Mobile and Sky Fiber customers, as well as rate adjustments in the UK. Sky's total customer relationships grew 3.2% year-over-year to $23.6 million including net additions of 164,000 in the fourth quarter, reflecting customer growth in each of its markets. Sky added 735,000 net new customer relationships for the full year with growth in all markets led by Italy, driven by the successful launch of its new DTT TV product and benefiting from an enhanced sports offering there with new Serie A Champions League and Europa League deals. Sky Mobile customer lines reached 785,000 at year end and Fiber penetration has increased to 47% of Sky's broadband customer base up from 34% a year ago. Sky's content revenue increased 35.7% in the fourth quarter, reflecting the whole selling of sports programming including Sky's newly acquired exclusive sports rights in Italy and Germany, increased penetration of Sky's premium sports and movie channels on third party pay TV networks in the UK and monetization of its successful slate of original programming. Sky maintained its position as the number one pay TV provider in core markets. Sports viewing was up 10% in the fourth quarter with growth in each territory and strong performances from key sports rights like Formula One in the UK and Italy and UEFA Champions League Soccer in Italy and Germany. Advertising revenue increased 2.9%, reflecting increased sports inventory in Italy and Germany and advanced advertising growth in the UK. Sky's fourth quarter EBITDA increased 12.4% to $765 million, driven by healthy revenue growth partially offset by a 4.5% increase in operating expenses, due to growth in programming cost driven by new contracts for Serie A and UEFA Champions League soccer rights in Italy and Germany. Sky's total capital was $1.6 billion for the full year, primarily reflecting its ongoing deployment of Sky Q, which was rolled out to 3.4 million homes throughout Sky's footprint over the past 12 months to end the year at 5.5 million homes. For the full year, pro forma revenue increased 4.5% to $19.8 billion and EBITDA decreased 5.3% to $2.9 billion. This reflects contract terminations costs and costs related to a settlement that impacted Sky's second and third quarter 2018 results tolling $231 million for the year. Excluding these costs, Sky's EBITDA would have increased about 2% for the full year, reflecting growth in direct-to-consumer, content and advertising revenue, partially offset by increased programming expenses and customer acquisition costs associated with Sky's new product launch in Italy. Looking ahead to 2019, we expect Sky to deliver healthy full year EBITDA growth by executing on its strategy of growing its TV penetration and attaching additional products, including exciting new opportunities like the launch of broadband in Italy, as well as monetizing its investments in original content. Sky's EBITDA growth in 2019 will be back half weighted, primarily reflecting the timing of sports rights costs, which will increase in the first half, due to increased costs associated with its new Serie A and Champions League contracts, which commenced in August of 2018. In the second half, Sky will benefit from lapping these contracts, as well as from the new lower cost Premier League contract which begins in August 2019. Additionally, the teams across Cable, NBCUniversal and Sky are highly engaged and working together to leverage our capabilities throughout the company and further strengthen each other's growth opportunities giving us continued confidence in our previously announced synergy expectations and our ability to make good progress through the year towards a healthy exit rate for 2019. Wrapping up on Slide 10 with return of capital, we generated $12.6 billion of free cash flow in 2018 and returned $8.4 billion of that to shareholders, comprised of $5 billion in share repurchases and $3.4 in dividends. We are pleased to announce a 10% increase in our dividend, our 11th consecutive annual increase, reflecting our confidence and outlook for growth going forward. We ended the year with pro forma net leverage of about $3.3 times. As we said in October, we are pausing our share repurchase program in 2019 as part of our commitment to returning to leverage levels consistent with our current ratings. Overall, I'm pleased with our results and successful execution in 2018. We have a lot to be excited about across the business as we start 2019. And with that I'll turn it over to Jason for Q&A.
Jason Armstrong: Okay. Thanks Mike. Regina, let's open up the call for Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen: Thank you. I have two questions. First on direct-to-consumer, the video business has transitioned faster than I think many of the expected and your DTC service seems like an ecosystem friendly way to kind of address that. Can you talk about what the service looks like in 2020 at launch and beyond like where do you see it going, where you bring in, you know what content and/or marketing partners will you bring in? And can you talk a little bit about the financial impact in 2020, because it seems fairly low cost? And on the second question on Sky. This is the first time Sky's included in your call. Can you - Brian and Mike, you both talked about underlying opportunities at Sky, is it what's more than increasing penetration in existing in new markets and what does NBCU and Comcast Cable bring to Sky, like what can you do together that you couldn't do separately?
Steve Burke: Okay. So, I will answer the first question on direct-to-consumer. First of all, we're really excited about our approach, we spent a lot of time on it and we're excited to get going in and stand up a management team and get going on entering the business. I think our excitement comes from the fact that the way that we're entering the business really addresses the real objective we have which is as viewership goes online, how do we monetize that viewership better. One of the good things about what's going on right now in the television business is people are watching professionally produced content at higher levels than ever, we're just not monetizing as well online as we should. And so what we've come up with is we're taking some of the most popular shows on television that we produce and we're going to offer them for free to 80% of the people in the United States who are multi-channel customers for free to Sky customers in Europe and also to people who are not part of the eco system at a fee that would be comparable to other people in the SVOD business. The servers will have a very light ad load of targetable ads. And we know there's a huge demand for digital advertising, interactive digital advertising. In fact, we were constantly trying to find more ad inventory because advertisers want to be in very, very good professionally produced content. So our idea to enter the business is to leverage Sky's technology, it's called NOW TV in Europe and also parts of what we've been doing at NBC and Comcast Cable. We think this approach has a much better chance to get scale quickly. There's nothing better than free for consumers and we have enough product that consumers are currently viewing on other platforms online for free and charge that we think putting it all together in one place very, very good technology and then leveraging our relationship with Comcast Cable and Sky. There are a lot of approaches to get into the market and we think this one is attractive to consumers. We also think financially it's more attractive because you get scale more quickly and we think it's highly likely that will reduce the amount of investment we need to make coming into the business and also accelerate our ability to get to breakeven. So that's what we're doing. We plan to launch in the first half of 2020 and we're spending a lot of time right now developing the technology, getting the management team in place so that we can get going soon enough.
Brian Roberts: I think that's a pretty complete answer and if there's other questions on that we can come back to it. But I think we're uniquely positioned to do all the things Steve just described. I think as we look at the Sky, part of the answer just getting off the bat, it is what Steve just described, the amount of media companies and potential partners that have reached out to me and to us and to Jeremy and his team, since we announced Sky, is surprising and overwhelmingly positive in my opinion. Sky's position is just, it's quite unique So today we focused more on sort of operations which we did on the last earnings call, Jeremy you may want to talk a little bit about the specifics of some of the integration work we're doing in the early days, but at the highest level, it gives the company a reach with a very healthy business that is quite enviable and desired and that's changed the dialogue we're having with our partners and within our own company. And the first evidence of that is the global OTT that Steve just described. Jeremy, you have anything you want to add on that?
Jeremy Darroch: Yeah, I mean look I strongly think that Sky's business is going to be able to grow faster and further as part of the broader Comcast organization. I mean bear in mind still 78 million households just in the markets we're in, don't take pay TV. We're found by the underpenetrated markets. I think by combining overall good, means we're going to be better for customers. I think we'll able to innovate faster, we'll be able to develop better content, there's obvious areas like procurement and best practice where we can share learnings, insights on part of roadmaps. And I think all of those things overtime will come through both for customers importantly but also for shareholders. I mean we can just start to see the early wins emerging. So to give you two or three examples, we're going to be deploying xFi into Italy for our broadband launch that particularly important because the number of homes in Italy there are NBCU's all quite know housing stocks of Wi-Fi coverage in the home is a real world customer opportunity for us to improve. We really like the Comcast voice platform. We're going to be incorporating that to the Sky Q and will consolidate that and use the technology there. And as Steve mentioned, we're already sharing our expertise, a lot of the infrastructure we build for the NOW TV service here into the NBCU's OTT service launch. So these are - it's early days, only 15 weeks in, but encouraging I think we are starting to see some really important tangible evidence of working together as part of the broader group.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, Jessica. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. Sticking with the NBC announcement, Steve when you think about particularly that business outside the United States where there as Jeremy just laid out, there's a lot of non-pay TV households. What led you to the decision to sort of bundle this or link this with the broader NBC bouquet of channels in terms of positioning it for consumers. I know it's going to be available I think for a subscription outside of the bundle, but it seems like it's positioned primarily for bundled customers and outside the U.S. the definition of the bundle gets sort of murky and Sky's been a leader in sort of offering those more skinny tailored bundles. So how do you think about this outside the U.S.? And then on the licensing side, it sounds like where we shouldn't expect the big impact of financials. I think when I add up 2018's licensing revenues at NBC, it is north of 6 billion across all your businesses and that's been a huge growth driver over the years. How do you think about pulling some of your big titles like the office back on platform overtime and why did you sort of land, where you landed on that approach?
Steve Burke: So, in the United States, 80% of the addressable households are multi-channel subscribers, that's obviously not the case in many places around the world. But between the United States and Sky's footprint in the U.K., we think we should start and try to gain as much scale as possible with an ad supported free to consumer service. There will be countries where we launch. SVOD only, countries that don't have the kind of advertising ecosystem that we have in the United States or in parts of Europe, there will be places where we have different strategies and obviously or the rights we have, the shows we have will vary by country. But if you look at Comcast and Sky alone, Comcast Cable and Sky alone, you're well over 50 million customers. And so the ability have launched to have those 50 million customers, get all those great programming for free, we think not only gets us to scale but is also good for Comcast Cable and Sky. You're going to be offering a lot of good things to people who are subscribing to those services and we'll have those discussions with Charter and DIRECTV and everybody around the world that's a multichannel supplier. In terms of content and taking things that are currently licensed elsewhere and moving them to the platform, I think it's going to be very positive for us financially because in effect, we're going to be a brand new buyer. So we have long sold to everyone, we've sold to SVOD, we've sold to cable channels that we don't own and even broadcast channels that we don't own. What's our feeling is, if you're in the television business, you should work with the best people, have the best shows and sell them wherever it makes the most sense. And we'll have the same philosophy ourselves. We do feel we under monetize significantly on the Internet and we under monetize on free platforms and we also under monetize on SVOD platforms. So as more and more content becomes available, I think a lot is going to be on our platform, but we will continue to sell on other platforms depending on the show, depending on the prices that we can command for those products. And so I think it's fair to assume that when we launch, we'll have a lot of content, we have a significant amount of content to launch that will only increase overtime. But we'll go show-by-show, instance by instance and figure out what makes sense at the time those rights come back to us.
Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you. That's helpful.
Jason Armstrong: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Great, thanks. Three question on Cable for Dave. You know lot of focus on the broadband business but the video business is holding up better than we expected, both from a subscriber and a revenue standpoint. Maybe you could just comment a little bit about what you're seeing from a competitive standpoint maybe in terms of code cutting trends as well and given the sort of higher than typical price increases we saw late and early this year, can the revenue improvement that we've seen in that line continue into 2019 versus what we saw in 2018? Thanks.
David Watson: Thanks, John. Well, video remains very competitive area. And I really don't think it's going to change anytime soon. And our game plan is going to remain the same that we're going after and will attract the most profitable video customer relationships that we can. And we're going to continue to manage the shift as Brian and Mike's talked about and focusing very much on the connectivity business. But improving the connectivity business and competing, video still remains an important part of packaging. So I think the competitive environment remains challenging, we'll watch it closely. And what happens, we always make adjustments and if there are opportunities based on what the competitive landscape is then our packaging will be there to benefit from it. But our main focus is continuing to take X1 leverage that with broadband and we have other opportunities in Mobile to be able to package things. So we're really not changing our approach and it's improved. Overall the financial performance, you look at the overall customer relationships 1 million customer relationships that we've added, obviously fueled and helped by broadband. But when you couple great video with great broadband then I think that it helps us financially. And we'll see what happens in terms of video share but we're so for pleased with this quarter and can't comment too much further into next year.
Brian Roberts: Let me just add that, kudos to the X1 team. I think they launched Amazon really flawlessly at year-end, Amazon Prime video following up on Netflix and YouTube. We've transformed that product every year and made it better. And at the same time, we have a disciplined under Dave's team to look for profitable video as we've made this transition. So it's this alchemy of leading with broadband now, we have way more broadband customers and we do video customers that's a huge shift in the company and we've managed that shift I think to intelligently still invest in our video business but not chase every single subscriber all the time. And I think the balance is why you see great cash flow growth, RGU growth, customer relationship growth, lowest churn, more digital interactions, less cost and free cash flow therefore growing at its best clip in a number of years. So I think it's a real balanced job and led by still a lot of passion around X1 and video.
John Hodulik: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, John. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip Cusick: Hi, guys, thanks. Can you expand on Cable costs and margins, it looks like you did a similar price increase to last year and you've said that programming costs should again be muted. How do you think we should - how should we think about trends in non-programming OpEx for customer, are you focused on bringing those numbers down further like calls and truck rolls or is margins expansion more a function of mix shifting to broadband and business? And if all that's right, is anything else going on that would mean that margin growth at 50 basis points is the high-end versus the 80 bps you did in 2018? Thanks.
Michael Cavanagh: So Phil, it's Mike. I'll start and Dave can pile on. But I think it's all in 50 basis points of margin improvement. It's some of all of the above, but I think as I've said repeatedly that Dave and team are doing the same things on an ongoing basis in terms of staying focused on non-programming expenses which is the customer experience journey which has been of great value to our customers. And so a virtuous cycle that continues to continue to make it a better more digitized experience which brings out cost in the businesses, gets reinvested in other parts of the experience. But all that's going to continue. And I think confident that non-program expenses will be managed well going forward and it's embedded in that 50 basis points of margin improvement. We said the kind of another lower year of programming expense growth as we predicted two, three years back that that would be the trend. And so again it's all in there. And there is there is a mix shift going on as you point out and the more we see a shift to connectivity, which we have in the revenue mix that's long term positive trend for the margins in the Cable business as well. And hopefully we beat our expectations like we did last year, but our expectations are 50 basis points of improvement.
Stephen Burke: If I can follow-up
Brian Roberts: In addition to the connectivity focus that we have which is helps margin that helps us overall in terms of growth, they are emphasize what Brian said just the focus on packaging and going after the profitable customer relationships that we are broadband and video. And we've remained very optimistic about taking transactions out of the business, we spend a lot of time thinking about the digital experience for customers and just the best way to take out unnecessary telephone calls, truck rolls by just letting customers handle their solutions independently. So I think Mike gave the guidance in terms of expectations and margin, but extremely focused on non-programming expense.
Philip Cusick: Mike, if I can follow-up. Now that Dave owns the wireless side, can we assume that those losses have probably peaked?
Michael Cavanagh: We're you know at a level where we're really pleased with what we see happening in the mobility business and hence the move into the cable business. I think we've said for a while now that we're running now at a level of ads that the losses are going to be commensurate with what the ad trajectory looks like from here. So let myself get pinned down on that one but that is the two will go hand in glove with each other and we like the pace of growth that we've had in the business over the course of 2018, I think hopefully we get something similar in 2019.
Philip Cusick: Thanks, guys.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, Phil. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Rich Greenfield: Hi. Wondering about programming, so DISH dropped Univision earlier this year or late middle of last year and really hasn't seen any meaningful negative impact. We've got the RSNs from Fox which after Fox got out of buying them, looks like they're about to be orphaned. Just curious how you think about rightsizing content within the bundle to provide cheaper packages, we've seen a lot of the vMVPs with much lower cost bundles. And as you kind of have added more of these third party apps, you were just talking about Netflix, Amazon, YouTube being on the set top box, just thinking about like is there the potential to really transform programming cost or bundle dynamics over the next couple of years as deals come up?
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Rich. So a couple of things. I think you raise a very good point. Our focus, we've been very disciplined in our approach to programming and how we value content and the use of data to understand this. So what goes into packaging and so that that has been something that we've been doing for several years now. That's not brand new but we're very focused on understanding the content value. The point you make in X1 is game changing in that as we look at it and we aggregate all the different apps and all the content that's available and the ability to connect all these assets through the great voice recognition capability delivered 9 billion voice commands last year. So X1 just gives a strategic flexibility with programming options. And so and we look at it very broadly that way and we provide I think the best of live, the on demand in terms of DVR and then now with all this new content that comes on, I think that just gives us the strategic flexibility. So I think it's a very good point and we look at it that way.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, Rich. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett: Hi. Good morning. Brian, I got a strategic question for you on the wireless business. Now that you've had your wireless MVNO operating for about a year now and seem to have settled into a sort of solid growth pattern. What have you learned and how do you think about the relationship with Verizon going forward and sort of where would you like that relationship to go? And then as a related issue, how does that inform, you are thinking about the 600 megahertz spectrum that you purchased in the last auction?
Brian Roberts: Well, I don't think we have any new revelations on that last part of the question on the 600 megahertz. But I think we're very pleased with the relationship with Verizon, big companies there's always going to be some issue somewhere between those one moment in time or another. But if you step back and say we've become a meaningful contributor to the wireless net adds in our markets where constantly looking to innovate the product and make sure we have the latest offerings available, sometimes we're successful that, sometimes where we're not perfect. And I think we've hit a good stride as Mike and Dave were just talking about it. So I think the strategy to become a meaningful part of some other folk's networks rather than go out and build our own very comfortable with that broad category of question. There's plenty in the detail that is always being worked on. Dave, you're closer to it. I just want to add one of the point then before that is what we learned. We've learned the wireless can really achieve what we thought, which is to reduce churn for the customers who take all our products. And if you go back to the Uber view that we're now looking for profitable relationships and make those relationships deeper, more digital, better experience and better value, wireless checks a lot of those boxes particularly on value, the way we are structured, simple offer, there is only two options, customers get it. Most of the people take by the gig and that is how our relationship with Verizon works. So it sets up economically to be some particle. And I think we're on a trajectory that we believe we can get to as we said standalone economics that support the business and we're on our way.
David Watson: Yeah, I would add that we participate as Brian said in the mobile business and pleased with the progress that we're making. We also participate in wireless. We generate a lot of data traffic over Wi-Fi in the home, over 80% of the data traffic on smart phones is delivered through Wi-Fi. So I think we're beneficial to each other's networks in that way. We're pleased in that the reason - one of the main reasons as Brian mentioned, we looked at broadband retention. it's early days but it's working and the contribution of that when mobile consideration is people go to retail and look at other sales channels that we have and they are asking about mobile than they consider other lines of business. So all of these things are encouraging and I'm pleased with our progress.
Craig Moffett: Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, Craig. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you so much. Good morning. One for Steve, one for Dave. Steve, it seems like the media trends, advertising and pay TV subs are a bit better than investors might have expected. And last quarter, you mentioned that virtually MVPDs have plateaued and suggesting core kicked in commentary this quarter, pay TV sub and trends are improving suggest the offer. I just want to get my bearings on what you saw for video subscriber trends in 2018 on your fully distributed channels, since you have the broadest distribution of any media company and what you expect in 2019? And I'll just throw the question for Dave in there as well. Just any update on trends for high speed Internet subscriber growth in 2019 and the pricing environment as well. I do note in 2018, a lot of the high speed Internet customers came from single play which was different from 2017 and prior. And any thoughts as to whether that boosted growth in 2018 or whether you feel that was a pretty normal steady state type growth rate would be helpful? Thanks.
Steve Burke: So, I think we've always felt that the television ecosystem was healthier than maybe some people thought. We really had an extraordinary television year this year we grew EBITDA by 15% which was way in excess of what we thought we would grow EBITDA and there were a whole bunch of factors in there. In terms of subscribers, we were - we had better year in terms of subscribers than we had budgeted and were entered 2019 better than we had forecast. It's very hard to predict the virtual MVPDs. If you look quarterly. The virtual MVPD growth somebody who might be the fastest growing and the first quarter might be the slowest and the second quarter as they change strategies and people figure out the market. But virtual MVPD growth was faster than we thought in 2018. At some point, we do believe it's going to slow down but we've did not - certainly did not see that in 2018. 2018 and the early part of 2019 are also very strong years for advertising. We had the strongest up front we've ever had. The network, primetime you know our ad sales were up double digits. The scatter market is extremely strong right now. So the television business you know we obviously have pressure on ratings as people migrated to digital and that's why one of the reasons why we're launching the direct-to-consumer product, but it's a very, very healthy business and we think it's going to be healthy for years to come.
David Watson: Hey, Doug, Dave. So you know thinking about broadband, you know we feel about broadband in 2019 as we have in 2018 that it's our growth engine. And you know there as Brian mentioned, there's a consistency that we have had in broadband you know the 13th year in a row consecutively delivering over 1 million net additions. And so behind that going into 2019, feel the market continues to grow, you look you look at things like homes, employment, you look at macro conditions. But just as important as anything you look at the overall market penetration of 80%, there is room for growth there, you look at our penetration you know 47%, there is absolutely room for growth there. So you know in our view is that customers' expectations you know continue to go up in terms of how they're interacting with broadband, how they're leveraging it. So you know our focus is Brian as said is deliver the very best broadband product in the marketplace and xFi is that brand, the best of speed, coverage and control. And so in 2019, we're going to continue to do that. And along with that your point on single product and packaging, we've made some adjustments along the way. I think that it's more - our game plan is consistent, will be consistent, we do offer a great options for both. And if somebody wants to start off with the high speed only, that's great, but we also have wonderful packaging options that will talk to them about. So as important as anything as you look at the balancing share growth and rate, so you look at that I feel confident as well, in 2018 you know we along with great share, we grew the resi ARPU by more than 4% year-over-year for 2018. And if you look at then combining the overall continuity business, Bryan and Mike has mention that you look at business services, you know a big part of that is broadband and resi broadband you know it's growing nearly 10%, 24 billion. So we like our momentum, we like our game plan, I think it's very consistent and we're just going to focus on execution.
Douglas Mitchelson: Thanks so much.
Jason Armstrong: Great, Thank you, Doug. Regina, let's take one more question please.
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you. I have one for Steve and then one for Mike. Steve, as you launch the OTT business, I know you're not going to have a tremendous amount of incremental investment then. But as you do, where is that going to flow through the financial, is that going to be in the separate segments, is that going to be in the studios, I guess just trying to figure out what we're looking for? And then second for Mike. You talked about healthy EBITDA growth for Sky for 2019. When you say healthy do you mean the same 2% adjusted for 2018 or are you talking more mid-single-digits, I'm just trying to understand what your messaging? Thanks.
Stephen Burke: So we currently have a several very profitable and successful television studios, cable one and a broadcast one and an international one and those studios will continue to produce for our existing channels. And increasingly over time, produce for direct-to-consumer and we will figure out the right kind of transfer pricing and margin for those services, so that everybody's to produce and continue to produce for all different outlets.
Michael Cavanagh: And I am Mike. For Sky, healthy means you know really growth in customers, growth across all markets and you know growth in financial results which is better you know higher than last year is what I would say healthy is mid-single-digits is a fair you know level to think about. And I did point out that will be more back and waited for the reasons I have mentioned earlier just sports rights you know coming, reset for Italy in August of last year, so we'll have to in the second half of the year we'll lap that and we'll see the improved rates for Premier League and the UK business kick in in the second half. So we'll achieve that healthy growth over the course of the year with back half lighter and back end second half heavier.
Brian Roberts: So let me just end the call by saying really how please we were at 2018 and we're off to a great start in 2019. I think just that last answer that Mike gave, we look at Sky as really unique, it's different than Cable and it's taking all of us time to understand those differences and the same thing, it's got the content company and it's covers the entire footprint where it offers its product. So as it renegotiates, it's probably got different characteristics than either of our two businesses. But I think you're going to like what you see and it's going to add to our capabilities worldwide. And those capabilities really do come together I think in the OTT announcement just to pick that as an example because not only will it draw out the best of our content creation capabilities whether that's in film or television, whether that's original or you know recurring series, it needs broadband to get the great capabilities of that streaming service and that's the core of where the cable companies focused. As we discuss this morning and that broadband had a fantastic 2018. And xFi has a roadmap of innovation unto itself in 2019 and beyond which is as exciting as what we've done previously on great speed and now we're looking at other ways. And all this takes advantage of X1 and Q which are the best capabilities in the world in what we do. We can always do better, we had 500 engineers meeting yesterday in our new Technology Center and we've just got a real you know I think credibility in the technology space now to keep innovating. And it all comes back to what we give our customers and we see how well Sky's performance has been and customer experience and NPS make great progress on the cable side taking truck rolls out and calls as we've heard NPS performance improvement. So all in all you know that's what's giving us the confidence to raise the dividend and to start 2019 off to a great start. So thank you to the team.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you everyone for joining us today. Regina, we'll end the call there.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12 o'clock p.m. Eastern Time. It will run through Wednesday, January 30th at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 6837336. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12 30 p.m. Eastern Time today. This concludes today's teleconference and thank you for joining. You may all disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp. Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp. Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp. David N. Watson - Comcast Corp. Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp. David Jeremy Darroch - Sky Plc
Analysts: Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US) John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Marci L. Ryvicker - Wolfe Research LLC Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Comcast's conference call to discuss third quarter 2018 earnings and the acquisition of Sky. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. As always, let me now refer you to slide number 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements, subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. Turning to today's materials, we'll be doing things a bit differently with two segments to this call. First, as usual, Brian Roberts and Mike Cavanagh will make prepared remarks covering our third quarter earnings, after which they will be joined by Steve Burke and Dave Watson for a Q&A session related to our results. Then, we will move to a discussion of our recent acquisition of Sky with Jeremy Darroch, the CEO of Sky, joining Brian for a slide presentation, followed by Q& A. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts to review our third quarter 2018 results. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. This is a really exciting time for our company, as we are so pleased to have completed the acquisition of Sky, and today we look forward to talking more about that, which we'll do in a little bit. But let me first turn to our strong third quarter results and the many key achievements that I'd like to highlight. Cable's EBITDA growth of 7.6% was the fastest in six years, and net cash flow increased by 15.6%, the third consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. This impressive financial performance reflects the pivot we've made to our connectivity businesses, which have higher margins and lower capital intensity. In addition, we surpassed 30 million customer relationships, as year-over-year growth accelerated to over 3%. Customer relationship net adds of 288,000 were driven by 363,000 net new broadband customers, the best third quarter in 10 years. Collectively, residential broadband and Business Services revenue increased by nearly 10%. These results demonstrate that customers love our products. We are investing to harness the capacity and capabilities of our network and deliver innovative differentiated experiences, which we believe gives us a long runway for further growth. We are competing really well in residential broadband by offering customers the fastest speeds, most reliable Wi-Fi coverage in the home, and industry-leading Wi-Fi management and controls. We've branded our holistic broadband product as xFi, and continue to add new features, and we're rolling out our xFi gateways and pods to further enhance the service. We also recently announced that our 1-gig Internet is now available to nearly all of the 58 million homes and businesses passed in our footprint. This is the fastest deployment of gigabit speeds to the most locations in the country by anybody. It's a similar story in Business Services, with demand for our connectivity across small, medium, and enterprise customers driving double-digit growth. Led by our X1 platform, video plays an important supporting role in our strategy of driving whole-home economics and providing the best value and experience to customers, and we remain committed to competing for video subscribers we can serve profitably. By aggregating and integrating everything from linear TV to applications like Netflix, YouTube, and soon Amazon Prime Video, X1 deliveries an unmatched user experience and the broadest range of content that underscores the value of our broadband service. Our newest addition to the bundle, Xfinity Mobile, is also resonating with customers. In little over a year, we've crossed 1 million customer lines. Customers who subscribe to Xfinity Mobile have overall higher satisfaction, and our early results indicate that adding mobile improves broadband customer retention, one of our key objectives. Another success that I'm proud of is the progress we've made in improving the customer experience. Over the last 12 months, customer satisfaction scores have increased, and we have taken out 16 million calls handled by our agents and reduced truck rolls by over 1 million year over year while adding nearly 1 million customer relationships. What's enabled us to do this is our transformation of the way customers interact with us. Over 75% of the interactions are now being completed through our digital touch points. Providing more digital tools remains the key focus as we go forward, and that will help take additional operating costs out of the business. Now turning to NBCUniversal, Cable Networks and Broadcast TV EBITDA collectively increased by 6% in the third quarter, reflecting growth across retrans and affiliate revenues, content licensing, and advertising. Some highlights from the recently completed 52-week season included NBC Broadcast finishing number one in total viewers for the first time in 16 years, along with our win among adults 18 to 49 for the fifth consecutive year in prime, and Telemundo's second consecutive win among adults 18 to 49 in Spanish language prime. The new season is off to a great start as well. Both networks continue to lead the competition, and NBC holds four out of the top 10 shows in prime, the most among the broadcasters, as well as two of the top three new premieres this season with Manifest and New Amsterdam. Thanks to Bob Greenblatt for building this momentum, and we're excited with George Cheeks and Paul Telegdy, who are off to a great start. At Cable Networks, MSNBC had an outstanding quarter once again, with record ratings resulting in its largest lead ever over CNN in key dayparts. As these results demonstrate, we have the right TV content with more ways to monetize it than ever before. At Film, we had record profitability in last year's third quarter, thanks to Despicable Me 3. While this year was lower without a comparable animated film, it was still a healthy quarter, with successful theatrical results from Jurassic World, Mamma Mia, and other films. We are looking forward to 2019 and beyond, when we will see a ramp up to multiple animated releases from Illumination and DreamWorks, as well as the return of some of our best franchises. Finally, at Theme Parks, our park in Japan experienced multiple unprecedented weather events and natural disasters that impacted results, as Mike will cover in more detail. Our thoughts are with those many in Japan who were affected by these devastating typhoons and earthquakes. We remain very confident and excited by the long-term trajectory of the parks business as we continue to execute on our successful strategy of driving growth through new attractions and adding hotel rooms, as well as the opening of a new park in Beijing in the coming years. This is a fantastic time in our company's history. We delivered a strong quarter with some of the best results in years. We've transitioned to more of a global company with our acquisition of Sky, and now we are getting started on the next phase of our strategy. With that, let me turn it over to Mike for more details on our results.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Thanks Brian, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on slide 4 with our third quarter consolidated results. Revenue increased 5% to $22.1 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased 2.5% to $7.3 billion, reflecting strong growth of 7.6% at Cable, partially offset by a decline of 8.5% at NBCUniversal, which I'll provide more context around in a moment. The Corporate and Other segment results included an EBITDA loss of $178 million for Xfinity Mobile. Our adjusted earnings per share increased 27.5% to $0.65 for the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, adjusted earnings per share increased 22.4% to $1.91, reflecting the benefits of tax reform, which lowered our effective tax rate by about 10 percentage points year over year to 24%, as well as solid operational momentum. And finally, free cash flow was $3.1 billion in the quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $10.5 billion. Turning to the details of the quarter, starting with Cable Communications results on slide 5, revenue increased 3.4% and EBITDA increased 7.6%, resulting in a 160 basis point year-over-year margin improvement to 40.7%. Adjusting for the negative impact of storms in the third quarter of 2017, Cable EBITDA increased 6.9%, reflecting the strong underlying trends in the business. Customer relationships increased 3.4% year over year to 30.1 million, including 288,000 net additions in the third quarter. On a per-relationship basis, revenue was relatively consistent with the prior year and EBITDA increased by 4.4%. Cable's performance was again fueled by momentum in our high-margin connectivity businesses, residential high-speed Internet and Business Services. High-speed Internet revenue was the largest contributor to overall Cable growth, increasing 9.6% to $4.3 billion. We have added over 1.2 million net new residential broadband customers in the last 12 months, including 334,000 net additions in the third quarter. Our offering is resonating with customers, as our consistent innovation and investment in our network has enabled us to stay ahead of customer expectations for not just high speeds, but also wall-to-wall Wi-Fi coverage and the ability to manage the increasing number of devices attached to their home networks. With 1-gig speeds available throughout our footprint coupled with the best Wi-Fi coverage and innovative xFi control features, we are well-positioned to continue to win in broadband. Connectivity is at the epicenter of our relationship with customers. And while part of our strategy is to effectively target customers whose current needs are met with broadband only, the majority of our customers are still best served with our bundles of multiple high-value complementary products that provide the best experience and deepen our relationship. One of the best ways to utilize our broadband is to consume video, which is why we continue to innovate around X1 and bring together the best online content along with linear TV. With X1, we have the best platform to serve customers looking for the most content choices and a premium experience, and we are competing well in this segment. However, competitive pressures continue, including from virtual MVPDs, particularly in the lower value segments, contributing to our 95,000 net residential video customer losses in the third quarter. Video revenue declined 2.9%, reflecting these customer losses as well as the comparison to a pay-per-view boxing event in last year's third quarter. Excluding the impact of this event, the third quarter video revenue decline would have been similar to the second quarter's decline of about 2%. Another attractive proposition for our broadband customers is to bundle Xfinity Mobile. We ended the quarter with over 1 million customer lines, with 228,000 net additions in the quarter. We are pleased with our progress in mobile. And while it's still relatively early, the results we see are supportive of our key objectives when we entered the wireless business, including deepening the relationship with and improving the retention of broadband customers, attracting new broadband customers, and generating positive standalone economics once we reach scale. Connectivity is also at the core of our relationship with business customers and drives our ability to continue to take share across small, midsize, and enterprise customers. In the third quarter, Business Services revenue increased 10.6% to $1.8 billion, reflecting a 6% year-over-year increase in business customer relationships to 2.3 million and a 4.4% increase in revenue per relationship. I'd also note, advertising was a driver of Cable revenue growth in the third quarter due to robust political ad spending. Cable Communications advertising revenue increased by 15.2% to $684 million. Excluding political, cable advertising revenues increased by 0.6%. Now turning to Cable expense and margin on slide 6, total cable expenses increased by 0.6% year over year, driven by a 1.4% increase in programming costs. As a reminder, last year's programming costs included additional expenses associated with the pay-per-view boxing event. Non-programming costs were flat compared to last year and down 2.9% on a per-customer basis, as we continue to focus on disciplined cost management and improving the customer experience. Notably, customer service expense decreased by 4.9% despite our growth in customer relationships, reflecting the benefits of improvements we've made to our products and the way we serve customers, including reduced call volumes and more customer interactions through digital platforms, as Brian highlighted. Overall, this expense management coupled with healthy revenue growth has resulted in consistent EBITDA margin expansion over the course of the year. On a year-to-date basis, Cable EBITDA margins are up 100 basis points compared to last year. As a result, for the full year we now expect to be toward the high end of our guidance of 50 to 100 basis points of margin expansion. Cable capital expenditures in the quarter decreased by 5.7% to $1.9 billion, primarily reflecting lower spending on customer premise equipment, as X1 is now deployed to nearly 65% of our residential video customers. On a year-to-date basis, Cable capital expenditures decreased by 6.9% to $5.4 billion, as declines in customer premise equipment spending were partially offset by increased investment in line extensions and scalable infrastructure, consistent with the broader shift in our business towards connectivity. Cable CapEx intensity was 14.1% in the third quarter and 13.2% year to date. We expect capital expenditure intensity to increase sequentially in the fourth quarter, following typical seasonal patterns. However, for the full year, we now expect the reduction in capital expenditure intensity to be towards the high end of our guidance of 50 to 100 basis points. Wrapping up Cable, strong EBITDA growth and margin expansion together with declining capital expenditures resulted in net cash flow growth of 15.6% in the quarter and 14.8% year to date, underscoring the attractiveness of our connectivity-driven growth model. Now let's move on to NBCUniversal's results on slide 7. NBCUniversal revenue increased 8.1% to $8.6 billion and EBITDA decreased 8.5% to $2.1 billion, reflecting healthy results in our TV businesses more than offset by a difficult comparison at Filmed Entertainment and the impact of severe weather and natural disasters that affected our Japan theme park. Cable Networks revenue increased 10.8% to $2.9 billion and EBITDA increased 6.9% to $968 million, reflecting growth across affiliate fees, content licensing, and advertising. Distribution revenue increased by 9.5%, driven by the ongoing benefits of previous renewal agreements as well as moderating subscriber losses due to consumer adoption of virtual MVPDs. Subscriber declines at our cable networks were again less than 1% in the third quarter, an improvement compared to recent trends of 1.5% to 2% declines. Content licensing and other revenue increased by 36.1%, driven by the delivery of content under our existing licensing agreements as well as new deals, which reflect the healthy demand for our content with more buyers than ever before. Advertising increased 4.2% due to continued strength at MSNBC as well as strong pricing overall, partially offset by ratings declines. Broadcast Television revenue increased 15.4% to $2.5 billion, reflecting increases in advertising, content licensing, and retrans revenue. Advertising revenue increased 9.2%, primarily driven by higher rates and Telemundo's broadcast of the World Cup. Excluding the impact of the World Cup as well as the timing benefit of an extra Sunday night football game in the quarter compared to last year, advertising would have been roughly flat year over year. Content licensing grew by 24.7%, reflecting the delivery of content under our licensing agreements. Retrans revenue increased by 21% to $434 million and EBITDA increased 1.8% to $321 million, as these strong revenue results were partially offset by programming and production costs associated with the World Cup. Excluding the World Cup, EBITDA would have increased over 10%. Film revenue increased 3.8% to $1.8 billion and EBITDA declined 44.2% to $214 million as the highly profitable hit Despicable Me 3 as well as carryover benefits of our successful slate in the first half of 2017 created an expected tough comparison to last year's third quarter despite the theatrical success of Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom and Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again in this year's third quarter. Wrapping up Filmed Entertainment, we are looking forward to 2019 and beyond as our animated slate ramps and some of our best franchises return. Finally, Theme Parks revenue decreased 1.4% to $1.5 billion, and EBITDA decreased 6.5% to $725 million. These results largely reflect the effects of devastating weather and natural disasters that negatively impacted attendance at our park in Osaka for almost two-thirds of the days in the quarter. Excluding these impacts in Japan, we estimate that overall Theme Parks EBITDA would have shown low single-digit growth in the quarter. Looking ahead, we are beginning to see signs of recovery in Osaka, and we remain confident in our strategy and the runway for growth we see in the Parks business. Finishing up on slide 8 with return of capital, we generated $3.1 billion of free cash flow in the quarter. We returned $2.1 billion to shareholders in the third quarter, including $871 million of dividends and $1.25 billion of share repurchases. As we announced at the beginning of the month, we expect to repurchase $5 billion of stock in 2018. Following our acquisition of Sky, our pro forma net leverage stands at about 3.5 times. As we said as part of our bond offering related to financing the Sky transaction, we are committed to returning to leverage levels consistent with our current ratings in 18 to 24 months. As part of this commitment, we also announced that we intend to pause our repurchase program in 2019. Overall, we are pleased with this quarter's results and the underlying momentum across our business. We believe Comcast is well-positioned with significant opportunities ahead as we begin a new chapter with Sky. With that, I'll give it back to Jason for Q&A related to our earnings results.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Mike. As I mentioned up front, we'll now take questions on our results before we turn to our presentation on Sky. Regina, please open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe for Brian, the X1 really led the way in terms of next-generation set-tops when you guys started building that out years ago. When you look at the video business going forward, how are you thinking about the product roadmap? I know the company is focused on bringing more third-party apps into the ecosystem, and you've seen folks like Amazon and Apple embrace a channel strategy. How are you thinking about leading with video going forward from a product and consumer perspective, and what does that mean for the financials of the business? And then I just had one follow-up.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Okay, I'm going to start out, let Dave talk a little bit about that. So I do think that X1 is the best in the world. And I think  and that's because we've embraced things like Netflix, YouTube, voice control guide. We have a long roadmap of more things. Top of the list is Amazon Prime shortly. And then beyond that, tremendous innovation, things like when we're watching a football game, all the other things you may want to do while consuming it, looking at stats, being able to someday interact, look at your fantasy leagues. I don't think we're anywhere near the completion of what the technology is capable of. Second, we've used video in a way to support the broadband business, and that combination seems to be working quite well, but there's other applications throughout the whole home where voice can play that role. And artificial intelligence is the other area that we're using across the whole customer experience and the same platform is being used from everything from figuring out those sports scores and data that you want to recommendations of shows and entertainment to customer experience, service quality, and texting to customers appointments and scheduling. So we're building a great capability as a technology company, and I don't think we had any of that just a few short years ago. Dave?
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: We've often thought that X1 is an operating platform which not only the most preferred video applications would be there, but we also thought, as Brian said, that there are going to be many other applications, music, gaming. And as IoT continues to make progress, you're going to control your home experience in many ways, including right through the television in X1. So our mission is to just make it simple and easy. And we're processing right now the way we've connected Netflix, the way we were doing  we will do Amazon and we're already doing it with YouTube, we're processing about 2.1 billion voice commands a quarter, and it's just easy. So from our standpoint, we think there's a long runway ahead to continue to have X1 be the aggregator of aggregators. So we're optimistic with that.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Then maybe just same question, Dave, on broadband. I think you're more or less done with DOCSIS 3.1. What's next for the evolution of the Broadband business to continue to maintain or even extend your lead against competition when you think about the product and technology and network roadmap for that business over the next couple years?
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: I think it starts with the fact that broadband  DOCSIS is a great standard. It's a very efficient one in that we've been steadily investing in the network in terms of node splits and expansions. So our focus around broadband is bringing to life our xFi brand, where it's the same thing we did with X1 for video we're doing with xFi. And xFi stands for the best of speed, the best of coverage and control. Dana Strong and her team are doing a really nice job bringing xFi to life. And the proof points are there. As Brian mentioned, we have virtually our entire footprint is now deployed with 1-gig. We have the best-in-class gateways, pods that are delivering best-in-class in-home Wi-Fi capability. And the amount of devices that are being activated and used in the home continues to escalate. So the control aspect of this I think we are also standing out, and our xFi app is just terrific, and a lot of usage, a lot of engagement with that. So I think we're going to keep our lead. We're going to stay focused in terms of how we differentiate broadband, not only in speed but also these other aspects. And I think this is where our focus is. It's connectivity in residential, in commercial. It starts with that, and I think this is  it didn't happen overnight. We've been steadily focused on this and we'll continue to be so.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Great, thank you, Ben. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan: Thanks. Mike, can you talk about cable margins? I appreciate the increase in guidance for the year, but that still seems conservative given typical 4Q seasonality and the political advertising potential. Anything happening in 4Q that should take us out of the seasonal trend? And then going forward, you've talked in the past about a continued pause in programming renewals next year, revenue shifting to higher-margin broadband and business, and it seems like costs can come down further. Any reason we shouldn't look for similar margin growth next year? Thanks
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: No, Phil, not a lot to add to what we said previously and what we said today. So we're happy to firm up guidance on margins and on capital intensity at the high end of the improvements we talked about at beginning of the year for the very reasons that Dave just highlighted. So it is a shift to higher-margin connectivity businesses are definitely helping to drive margin and drive net cash flow, as Brian said. Net cash flow in the Cable business up 16% year over year, quarter to quarter. So those trends will continue on the programming side. As we said, the last two years prior to this one were ones with big renewals, and so for a period of time, we will see relief on that side of the things. And everything that Dave's team is doing in terms of controlling expenses on the non-programming side, keeping expenses overall flat on the OpEx side while we grow customer base and improve customer experience are all initiatives that continue to roll through. We won't give guidance beyond this year, but obviously that type of work is ongoing and continued runway ahead.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan: Thanks, Mike.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Yes.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Phil. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thank you, two quick questions, if I may. First on share repurchases, you've suspended them for next year, but we don't have you getting back to 2.2 times leverage until the end of 2020. I'm wondering if you could restart repurchases before you get all the way down to your recent leverage threshold, or whether it's really pushed out to 2021. And then on wireless, it looks like the losses, EBITDA losses have been steadily receding. Have we passed the peak in losses, and would you expect the losses to continue receding from here? And on subscriber growth, there's been a nice gradual steady progression in growth. Should we expect this trend to continue, or is there an opportunity to see a more meaningful acceleration in growth as you bundle the product together with broadband and really drive home the savings that consumers can get by taking wireless from you? Thanks.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Jon, it's Mike. I'll take the first one. So on share repurchases, our intention is to get ourselves back within 18 to 24 months, as I said, to the neighborhood of leverage consistent with the ratings that we maintain and the commitments we have made there. We'll take it one year at a time. So suspension of the buyback for next year is already safe at this stage. But I will say again, we intend to make that our priority. We're going to focus on the organic plans in each of our existing businesses, continue to drive the execution in all the businesses, and we'll see what happens in the world year by year from here.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: This is Dave. I'll go into Mobile. So after starting this category, launching the category last spring, I think we're off to a really good start. We're ending Q3 with over a million customer lines and I think solid momentum. It's early, very early, but we're encouraged in that we're looking at mobile. One of the top reasons why we did it is to improve in particular broadband retention. So just early pulse check on that is showing that there is real hope there. So we like that. The other two reasons  stand, we're very consistent on this point that we're going to achieve positive standalone wireless economics at scale and that we're also going to look to attract even more broadband customers and more opportunities to expand the relationship through mobile. So overall, the trending is what we expected. It's still early but encouraged.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thanks.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Thanks.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jonathan. Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Great, thanks, maybe a quick question on the broadband market. You've seen some good comps on the net add side. What would you say is the primary driver for that improvement that we've seen after seeing some deceleration for a while? And along with that, have you seen any changes in the competitive environment to date? Thanks.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: You go through competitive cycles and most certainly in broadband, and we saw there was just a little bit more promotional activity. But you have to look at I think the absolute performance in terms of how we look at it. The best, as Brian said, our net add performance was 363,000 broadband net additions, best in 10 years. And you look to the drivers, very solid churn. It's an attractive product. And we continue to differentiate, as I mentioned earlier. Our focus is to have the best product in the marketplace, that we will have the best speeds, delivered now 1-gig availability. You have 70% of our customers that have 100 megabits and above. Where people are going, the expectations around broadband are going up in terms of all the different opportunities, whether it's streaming, applications, so there's a real appetite for better broadband. And the bar is being raised, not just in speed but in terms of in-home coverage. So we want to stand out in providing the best in-home experience, and we think we're delivering on that with xFi, and so all three, speed, coverage, and control. And then you look at the results in terms of churn improvement but also the broadband ARPU going up at 4.5%, a little over 4%. We're real pleased with that too. I think it shows the overall value of broadband. So I think I like the runway. One of the main things to me too that speaks to the runway is our penetration, about 46.5%, the overall market place at 80%. There's room for growth. And we have markets  some of our local operating areas that are well above that average. We should do better, and so we're expecting to do so.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks, Dave.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, John. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks. I want to focus a little bit on NBC and NBCUniversal, and I guess as it relates to both the broadcast and cable networks. I guess, Steve, there's some concern that the virtual MVPDs are actually slowing, although opening comments would suggest otherwise. So can you talk about the pay-TV sub trends on the media side? And then secondly on advertising, we know political is coming in really strong, but there have been some questions on underlying trends, especially in the auto category with trade wars with China. I don't know if NBC is just a different animal and trends have been stronger, so we shouldn't extrapolate. So any color on the ad side would be helpful too.
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: So the television business, despite all the well-known factors that make it look like a less good business in the next 10 years than it has been in the last 10 years, our television business is very strong. We've had seven quarters in a row of 7% or better OCF growth on the cable side. Broadcast is doing just fine. The advertising market is very strong. Scatter is strong. We had the best upfront we've ever had just a few months ago, and scatter is up very substantially. Political is way up. We're having a very, very strong political. I'm talking on the NBCUniversal side, not for Spotlight, although I think some of the same trends are there. A very, very strong political season, it looks more like a Presidential year than a midterm year. In terms of sub trends, every single month if you look at the trailing 12 months and you add up traditional MVPDs and virtual MVPDs, every single month for literally the last year, those trends have gotten better. In the most recent month, those trends did not keep getting better. They stayed about the same. So I think maybe the growth of the virtual MVPDs is starting to plateau, at least for the last month. But those trends have been getting better, and it really comes from traditional MVPD sub losses. It's about the same. And then virtual MVPDs as they launched and got more aggressive growing, and that appears to be flattening. But our television business continues to be very, very strong. And I think as the world pivots here toward more streaming, we want to make sure that we respect and nurture and continue to invest and continue to outperform on the television side wherever the world goes in terms of new technologies.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wolfe Research LLC: Great, thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Marci. Why don't we take one more question for this segment of the call?
Operator: That question will come from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi, thank you. First, Brian, congratulations on the Sky acquisition. For Cable, I want to return to the question about margins and capital intensity, if I could. The trends as you've discussed and as some of the questions have suggested are running meaningfully ahead of historical trends. With costs growing at near zero  non-programming costs growing at reasonably close to zero, have you changed your view of how high margins can get in this business? And similarly on capital intensity. I think you used to always say 15% was the long-term guide  goalpost, if you will. Is that lower now? Is your sense that capital intensity in this business could be meaningfully below the mid-teens?
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Craig, it's Mike. I'll start and Dave can finish. Like I said earlier, I think the trends, the efforts, and the mix of business dynamics, efforts on the cost side and just the customer experience side, are improving margins, have improved them I think. We won't predict where they go from here, but just the idea that there are still efforts that will continue consistent with what we've seen. And the same positive dynamics of the mix shift to connectivity, given the efficiency, as Dave described, of our hybrid plant for the long run looks to be very good. I won't go there in terms of capital intensity over the long term because I don't  actually, we've never really had long-term guidance like that. But I think we're pleased with the financial model and the prospects for the financial model in the cable system looking through years ahead.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: I think just to add, I think everything starts, Craig, from our standpoint of driving healthy profitable revenue in that the high-margin connectivity businesses  that's why this is so important, broadband, but also Business Services. Bill Stemper and his team doing a terrific job driving all three segments, SMB, midmarket, and now enterprise, there's just room for growth there. So we're very focused on that. The second thing that Mike has touched on that helps margins, we're incredibly focused and very consistent on improving the customer experience. I think this goes hand in hand. Taking transactions out of the cable business is good for the customer, it's good for the business. When you look at some of the results in the quarter, we've taken out over 5.5 million telephone calls. We've taken out a material amount of truck roll, and just we're just focused on onboarding, repeats. We're proactively looking at customer issues and solving them in the first place before they even call us. So this is where our focus is. I think it's really good. It takes out the unnecessary cost in the business. We're going to continue to be very focused on it, and I see a good runway for improvement there.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: I think it's a perfect transition point. Thank you, Craig, for that question because it underscores the strength and the momentum of the core company and the core businesses. And Cable Broadband, the pivot, best results in a decade. NBCUniversal, we've had a double-digit compounded rate of growth since we bought the company, and it sets us up for what's next. Jason?
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Brian. So we'll wrap up the third quarter earnings portion of our call there and transition now to a discussion of our recent acquisition of Sky. As a reminder, we'll take questions again at the end of this segment. Analysts must get back in the queue if you want to ask a question by pressing *1. With that, let me turn things over once again to Brian.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: I'm delighted to have Jeremy Darroch here with us today, Sky's long-time successful CEO. We think Sky is an incredible and unique standalone business that fits perfectly with Comcast. And the best way for you to hopefully reach the same conclusion is to hear directly from Jeremy about Sky's market position, brand leadership, and strong growth potential. And then I'll talk a bit about how excited we are about the combined company and its prospects. Jeremy, welcome.
David Jeremy Darroch - Sky Plc: Okay, thank you, Brian, and good morning, everybody. Today I'm going to cover two things. First, I'll explain a little bit about Sky's business, and then I'll talk about our existing plans to grow the business over the medium term and why I'm confident we'll succeed. So let's get going on slide 4. The first thing to say is, of course, Europe is somewhat different from the U.S. Markets in Europe are generally less penetrated and therefore have much greater headroom for growth. The ability to acquire content exclusively is typically much greater. We are much less reliant on the big bundle. And of course, the competitive landscape is somewhat different in Europe to the U.S. With that backdrop, Sky today is Europe's leader in entertainment and communications. We uniquely combine a scale direct-to-consumer business with a scale content business, and that means we're not just an aggregator of content. We have direct operational businesses in seven territories, including four of the five largest and most valuable TV markets in Western Europe. Now you can also see on this slide the territories where our brand has a presence through services like Sky News, which of course starts to seed the ground for future development. We have 27 million households as customers. This includes 23 million direct relationships and 4 million customers who access Sky channels through other platforms such as cable in the UK, with both routes to market offering similar economics. As a result, we've got a high share of more than 60% on average in our core territories, that gives us real brand strength. Turning to slide 5, we're Europe's leader in content by some margin. We have the number one channels in all of the genres that matter most to customers. So Sky One, Sky Atlantic, Sky Cinema, and Sky Sports are the must-have set of channels in each of our markets, generating over half of all pay viewing. So when customers think about the key pay channels for drama, for example, they think about Sky Atlantic, which combines exclusive rights to the output of HBO and Showtime with our own high-quality and distinctive local content. In our markets, having the best local content is important to success. So Gomorrah in Italy and Das Boot in Germany are just two recent examples where we're taking local stories and bringing them to customers with great success. Today, four out of the five top shows viewed on Sky One and Sky Atlantic will be Sky originals. Similarly in Sky Cinema, customers are used to having a single destination for the best movies. It's the only place to see the latest and freshest titles months before any other channels or SVOD. So we have deals with all of the major studios. And in Italy and Germany, that's combined with local movies, which are very important to customers. For example, in Italy nine of the 10 most watched films on Sky Cinema were local. Sky Sports is the leading broadcaster in each of our markets by a long way. We have over 90% of our rights already secured to 2021, including the majority of all soccer that matters and other key sports such as cricket and Formula 1 in the UK, handball in Germany, and motorsport in Italy. Now our channels play a vital role in the success of our DTC business, which as you can see on slide 6, is built around four pillars. Firstly, we provide the very best and broadest range of content for every household and everyone in that household. Second, we deliver the best innovation across a broad range of products and services, and we're widely seen in Europe as a leader in this space. Third, we deliver world-class customer service, and we make the Sky experience better than anywhere else. And then finally, we underpin all of these through consumer data and insight. So right across the value chain, whether it be in content creation, product development, or customer care, we optimize our decisions to best serve customers, and we've built highly integrated operations to achieve this. Turning now to slide 7, we have a very strong brand. It's the strongest brand in our space, and it's considered number one for entertainment. It's particularly well known across Europe and regularly reaches now some 120 million people, delivering good awareness should we want to roll out our services to new territories. Over recent years, we've developed and launched a second brand, called NOW TV. Now this allows us to broaden our reach to all customer segments, and it provides us with additional ways to grow. So, we are the only significant virtual MVPD in our markets in a way that's highly complementary to our Sky service. Now this brand strength gives us the legitimacy to offer customers more, and we know that they want to take more from us. So over time, we've driven penetration of new TV products such as high-definition, multi-screen, and now Sky Q, and we're expanding into home communications and mobile from a standing start. By extending our brands into more categories, we have a broader field of opportunity, we provide more value to customers and we get more in return. We have a strong and experienced management team that have been together now for a long time and understand what it takes to win in dynamic and diverse European markets. We've executed a clear and consistent strategy over an extended period of time, and this has delivered growth in all conditions, including different competitive situations, technological change, and a variety of economic backdrops. So as you can see on slide 8, over the last 10 years we've more than doubled our customer base. We've grown revenues by 11% compound. We've carefully managed cost to enable us to increase EBITDA by 9% and cash flows by 7% per year. At the same time, we've continued to invest for future growth in the short term for a much bigger longer-term gain. So if that's a bit about who we are, I now wanted to focus on our plans for future growth. As you can see on slide 10, we've got a strong set of plans. And having put in place a number of building blocks over the last few years, we're now focused on executing these. I'll take a few moments to talk about the priority areas that will deliver future growth. So if you can turn to slide 11. Our first priority is to grow in all segments of pay-TV. Today we have a range of products and services that meet customers' needs at a variety of price points. From pay-as-you-go NOW TV through to Sky Q for the ultimate experience, we believe that we've got a service and a product for you. DTT in Italy is the latest example of how we've opened up that segment as another major route to market, and it provides access to an installed base of some 2 million homes not previously available to us. And we've recently launched our first Sky service without the need for a satellite dish. This is potentially a major development for us. It opens up headroom in the existing markets for some customer segments. And just to shape that for you, we've estimated that as many as 6 million households today can't or don't want a dish. In addition, it provides another way to take Sky into new territories to broaden our growth opportunity further over time. Now underpinning that growth in pay-TV is our investment in content. Today we spend around $9 billion each year on screen. As I've outlined on slide 12, we've got three priorities for investment: first, continuing to maintain our position as number one in both sports and movies; second, building our investment in Sky originals. So for example, this year we'll show 25% more hours of drama and around 50% will be returning series. In Germany and Austria, where local quality content is a particularly underserved market, we'll invest around four times more this year bringing the likes of Das Boot and 8 Tage to customer screens. Third, we'll continue to build partnerships, including adding the most relevant app providers in order to provide more choice and value to customers by aggregating all the important content in one place in a way that's easy to use for customers. Now alongside that, we're increasingly able to make choices across our portfolio to optimize and save cost. So you should expect us to reduce our investment in things like second-tier sports rights where they're not delivering value, and to reduce the volume of more niche movies and linear entertainment channels because of the quality of the on-demand service that we've built. Now in addition, you've also seen the savings we achieved with the new Premier League contract, and we could now choose to let that flow through the bottom line or invest some of it where we see further opportunity. Turning now to slide 13, one of the reasons that I'm confident that we can keep delivering future growth is that we operate in attractive markets with significant headroom. Today we have access to potentially 118 million addressable households to sell our products and services into. However, with penetration at just 34%, there are some 78 million households yet to take pay-TV across our existing territories alone. And we don't need to capture much of that headroom to grow significantly. So just by way of example, if Sky captured 10% of that headroom, we'd grow by a further 8 million households, and I think that's something that's more than achievable given the strength of our brand and our market-leading proposition. Growing customer base creates more headroom for cross-sell, and here too we've got a focused set of plans, which we've outlined on slide 14. Central to this are our plans in Italy, where we'll replicate what we did in the UK with, of course, great success. So following our deal with Open Fiber, we will launch triple play next year, offering true fiber-to-the-premise over their next-generation network. And not only will this allow us to increase the number of products per customer, it will also unlock further pay-TV headroom. We also plan to grow the penetration of fiber within our UK broadband base, which has more than doubled in two years. There's good customer demand for higher speeds and with significantly lower pricing from our new agreement with BT Openreach, we can accelerate take-up whilst achieving good margins. And then finally, we're going to scale Sky Mobile to be the UK's leading MVNO. We launched 18 months ago, and we've had a good start. We've added 650,000 customers to date, and we're taking strong share of new handset sales. Now we also believe we can scale our adjacent businesses, leveraging the investments we're making in content and technology. So let me just give you a few examples, which I've laid out on slide 15, to bring that to life. Sky Store, our transactional business, is already the number one digital retailer in the UK with a 30% to 40% share, and we've recently launched the service in our other markets to replicate this success. Our advertising business already generates more than $1 billion a year. We'll scale it further by increasing our inventory and pricing whilst extending our leadership position in advanced advertising, which now contributes around 14% of fall ad revenues. Now a key part of this story is Sky AdSmart. That's our targeted advertising platform, which has grown significantly since its launch. We've recently broadened its reach to new markets, services, and platforms, all of which should propel its growth further. And then finally, we'll monetize our increased investment in original content to grow our international licensing revenues. Turning to operating efficiency on slide 16, which has been a big area of focus over the last 10 years, we've developed it as a core capability within the organization, and our progress has been significant, reducing costs from 45% to 33% of revenue today. Casting forward, we have a comprehensive set of initiatives across each of our markets built upon the four key pillars you can see on this slide. And with over $7 billion of non-programming costs to target, there's still a lot to aim for to continue our progress. So if you bring all that together, slide 17 illustrates how our plan delivers continued growth over the medium term. It also gives us many choices about how we can grow, and it provides for our continued investment on-screen and in new innovation. Importantly, it's built on the same strategy that we've consistently executed over a number of years. We've already done a lot of the groundwork putting in place the foundations to secure it, and I'm confident we will continue to deliver strong returns. So in summary on slide 18, as Europe's leading entertainment and communications business, we're in a strong position to succeed. We have the skills in place and a broad field of opportunity to exploit, and we have a clear and strong set of plans to deliver growth. We're excited about being part of a broader, more global organization. Our initial interactions with Comcast have been really good, and I must just compliment the senior team here on the approach they've taken with us and the business they have built. I intend to stick around and I'm looking forward to leading Sky into the future. We're all energized by the next phase of growth and the additional opportunities that being part of Comcast will bring on top of delivering our existing plans. So with that, I'll now hand you back to Brian.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Jeremy, really well done. Thank you. So as you've just heard, Sky is a great business with terrific organic growth ahead, and they operate with leadership positions in attractive markets as well as having the premier brand. Jeremy along with Rupert and James Murdoch and so many others have built a sensational company, and that's why this process was so competitive. Together, we make each other even better. The combined company is a broadly diversified global leader across video, broadband, content, and distribution, with 53 million high-value direct customer relationships in three of the world's five largest GDP economies and now the largest pay-TV operator and fixed broadband provider in developed economies, with number one positions in U.S. cable, number one U.S. broadband, and number one UK pay TV. Sky triples our footprint of homes we can directly sell our TV products into, now nearly 200 million, and nearly doubles our broadband footprint. When you combine the NBC broadcast and cable channel portfolio and now include Sky-branded entertainment, sports, movies, news channels, we become the leader in viewership share across all four primary pay-TV geographies. And all of this is built around subscription-based and recurring revenue businesses, which has allowed us to grow EBITDA for 23 straight years, and Sky adds to this highly desirable formula. Core to this formula is a great culture and strong leadership. In fact, as we spent more and more time with Sky's management in the past month, I've been struck by the similarity of mission, connect more people to the moments that matter with products and content that they love. With a global footprint, Xfinity, Sky, NBC, and Universal now position Comcast to play an increasingly influential role in shaping media and technology for decades to come. That's why we're so excited. Jason, over to you for questions.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Okay, thanks, Brian. Regina, let's open up this portion of the call for Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session for the acquisition of Sky. Our first question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I just had a question for Mr. Roberts. One of the most common questions we get from investors is how you got comfortable with paying the price you paid for Sky and still create economic value. And I was just wondering if you could, in simple terms, maybe try and disaggregate how much of it was your perception that Sky was just mispriced in the market as an undisturbed equity value before this process started in terms of whatever Sky's standalone business strategy was, and how much of it is a function of the new collection of assets and capabilities that you have as a pro forma entity. Thank you.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Okay, thanks, Jason. First of all, today we move forward, and we are excited about the road ahead. But to that question, you never know exactly how securities are priced and what the motivating factors are. But I do think it was mispriced, whether that's because for five years it's been in a variety of M&A flux because there was a large shareholder, because there was regulatory uncertainty, whatever it may be. There's also been a change in the actual market, as Jeremy just laid out, in terms of the sports rights and competitiveness and new business opportunities that are just about to emerge in Italy, launching broadband and other things that we just heard. And then I look at the fact, as I said earlier, Disney bid 10% less, and that's exactly the amount we bid less than they did on FOX. These are super-desirable assets when put together with a company like Comcast, and the fit makes us stronger. So first as a standalone, I think it supports the values. Together, I think it increases the value. Time will tell. And I go back to the people who have a tremendous knowledge of the company and the roadmaps we all want to develop and who our stockholders themselves would probably  a larger percentage of their net worth than anybody else are the senior employees. The senior employees are extremely energized and motivated that this transforms the company and gives us opportunity to build shareholder value, and we're hard at work to do that.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jason, next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you, so a couple for me, if possible. On the Sky side, Brian, do you think the asset is fully scaled as it is today, and is there anything that you can use potentially from the U.S. business to drive synergy upside, for example, maybe using your scale across a sub base of 50 million-plus to negotiate programming deals, for instance? And secondly on the capital intensity front, both Comcast and Sky spend a lot of money on software. And obviously, there are similar products across both footprints. So could you help us understand what kind of upside we could see from that front? Thank you.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Let me kick that off. Those are all important aspects of work that's underway. Let me start with the question about Sky and opportunities for better scale. Absolutely, that's a big motivator of what will reveal itself for years and years to come. Some of it will be right away on some expenses. But the real opportunity is with north of 50 million homes, triple the footprint, innovation, purchasing, relationships, new products, where the world may head. That's what makes it so exciting, and we've always believed scale mattered. That's been true. I think that's why our results at Comcast Cable were so stellar. It's why NBCUniversal has been able to grow as much as it has, and I think Sky is a leader in its market. So when you're doing something in a new market, you'd like to be the best. It's hard to build that when you're starting behind, and now we're fortunate to have the best products and the best leadership in the best markets. Jeremy?
David Jeremy Darroch - Sky Plc: Just a couple of things on that. First of all, it seems to me, if you think of the combined entity, now 50 million household relationships, monetizing it in the way that we're doing that, and with the level of relationship and penetration that we've got together, I can't think of another business that just has that element of scale to it today. And obviously, we'll be thinking about what does that mean and then how can we take advantage of that together. I think Sky in the UK and Ireland clearly has got an outstanding market position, and from our own business has provided the footprint that we're now trying to roll out elsewhere. We're making really good progress in Italy. Germany is a less mature market, but it's got massive potential if we can get it right over the next few years. There's certainly a huge amount of growth to go for in our mind in Europe. And my strong belief is that as part of a broader group, we're just going to be better able to figure that out and take advantage of that opportunity from the position that we start with today. I think in terms of your second point around software and capital intensity growth, we're at the outset now and starting to think about the opportunities together. There are obvious things I can immediately see that we'll exploit. We're not going to front-run those. We can obviously develop our plans and execute them. But some of our capabilities, for example, what Dave has just been talking about today in the core cable business, what are you doing with products like xFi, for example, immediately I can see opportunity for us to take some of those learnings and accelerate the position we've got in broadband in the UK today or as we get into the broadband market in Italy. So there will be more of that to come. I'm very confident.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Kannan, next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Can we talk about the combined company's DTC plans? I guess first on the SVOD side, you've got Disney and now AT&T talking about launching SVOD products. Given the combined capabilities of the company, what can we expect from Comcast in that regard? And then maybe on the linear or virtual side, obviously you've got Sky now, and that's doing well. Maybe for Jeremy, as you talked about the growth in these new markets, is that going to be led by Sky now? And maybe talk a little bit about the economics of that product versus what we're seeing on the virtual side here in the U.S.? Thanks.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: With all the announcements of new streaming services, we'd be remiss if we didn't look at it very carefully. Where we come out is that streaming obviously is going to be part of our business but is not a substitute for what is currently a very good business in television. By the way, our shows are very popular on streaming services. The Office is often the number one show on Netflix within a month. We're a big percentage of Hulu. Our kids products that are made by DreamWorks Animation are very popular on Netflix. So we have a lot of shows that are currently very popular on streaming services. And we're looking at different ways that we could accelerate our business in terms of streaming. But we're doing everything with the notion that we have an existing business that's terrific that we want to protect and nurture and continue to build, and I think time will tell. I think there's been a little bit of a rush to the traditional television business is over and we've got to get into streaming. Streaming we think is very challenging economically and we don't want to rush into anything that in any way could take what has been a tremendous television business and make it worse.
David Jeremy Darroch - Sky Plc: I'd say in terms of Sky more generally, I'll come onto the second question on that as part of this. Look, first of all, we've stepped into and will continue to step into new consumer trends and technologies. So we started, for example, distributing over-the-top in the UK with a product called Sky Player as far back as 2005 I think. Today in all of our markets, we seek to distribute overall technology, so whether it's over the cable networks, through our own Sky Satellite and hybrid systems, through OTT, through mobile networks, all the mobile operators, for example, would carry a service like NOW TV. And the reason is that we want to service most customers who are in all of our markets, and then do that in a complementary way. That's been an effective way that we've continued to deliver sustained growth over time. Now as part of that, we've been testing new ways potentially to get into other markets. We've launched in Spain over the last 12 months. We've just actually  what we just completed in the last quarter at Sky is put in place a new strategic OTT streaming platform, which would allow us to light up any other country very, very quickly. We'll decide as and when is the right time to do that and what's the right brand to use. But I think all of the building blocks from a European point of view are coming in place. And to Steve's point, one of the things we're going to be doing is getting our heads together and thinking more generally now what that might mean.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, John, next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. If I can ask two. Brian, if you put this deal in the context of say NBC and even going back all the way to AT&T Broadband, you guys invested in the asset out of the gate and grew the revenue base faster than it was growing before. If we look at Sky, it's been a mid-single-digit grower the last couple of years. Do you expect, if we think about the three to five-year view on Sky as similar, invest into the business and then grow the top line faster, or is this business just in a different place operationally than those deals? And I'll just ask Jeremy, one of the things that I think people are focused on and you highlighted it in your prepared remarks is how much Sky has created value around licensing third-party content. You mentioned HBO. A lot of those companies are thinking strategically about going direct-to-consumer, including I would imagine in Europe. How do you think about the risks around that? Even if maybe financially it makes sense to stay with Sky, could strategically they make a move away from you? And then how do you manage the product and business in that event?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Let me start. I think that we're really excited and pleased with the management team at Sky and the people that we've met and the results that they've had. While there was wonderful people at AT&T and NBCUniversal, in both cases we made some early changes on day one. We are delighted that Jeremy and many of the team and the senior team we hope and believe are all going to stay with the new company. So in that regard there's a difference. But I think the trajectory of these businesses that excited us to want to own Sky is because there's growth, and Jeremy laid I think very compelling case out as to why Sky probably was misunderstood and maybe mispriced, back to that earlier question. But it also  and you picked the right two deals. We've probably done over 100 deals over the career and the history of the company, but you picked the two that really were transformative. Why is that? Well, in the case of AT&T Broadband, it gave us scale in the U.S. It made us the number one cable company in terms of markets, and markets you can never get back. It was now or never in those great markets. It was really John Malone's life work and Amos Hostetter's life work. And NBCUniversal is a storied brand, and Lew Wasserman's life work, and the NBC and the iconic cable channels that they bought and created, and the theme parks and Telemundo and what we now enjoy as NBCUniversal. And in the case of Sky, really Rupert Murdoch figured out a long time ago that television was going to transform itself and how could you be the number one brand. And he used a different technology than we used, and those technologies are becoming less and less relevant as we look forward in an IP digital world. But he understood that customers wanted choice, they wanted the best provider and that that was happening globally. And that allowed him to create all the content. That's the big difference. As Jeremy said, it's not an aggregator, it's really a creator, and that is a huge difference on the go-forward economics and the growth rates, depending on how we execute. So I think it's stay tuned, but we feel as monumental a moment, at least I do, that this will open up the scale and the innovation and I hope in fullness of time, the revenues and the cash flow and ultimately shareholder value that we've successfully done at moments like this. And the first thing we had to do was go into the bond markets, an incredibly successful offering, oversubscribed, and now we have the job handed to the operating team to go execute. Jeremy?
David Jeremy Darroch - Sky Plc: Yeah, Ben, look, I think first of all, to your point, I think one of the reasons we've been so successful working with third parties is I would hope we're a partner that gets it right strategically for others, but also we get the economics right as well, and we understand that any long-term partnership needs to operate at both those levels. And I don't see any reason why we can't continue to do that for our major partners. I think there are a number of things that underpin our position, which means that we're in a good place. I talked a little bit before about our broad distribution model and how we're seeking to monetize each of our markets across all customer segments. And of course, that allows us to create the biggest pool of revenue, which ultimately we can decide to push back to our partners and reward people for staying with Sky. We've developed now an incredible range of content. In my tenure at Sky, that's probably been the single biggest thing that has changed. So the breadth now of content that we have on Sky and via our on-demand service has never been greater. And the good news from our point of view, that gives us a lot of optionality around what we do. So we certainly have got a focus on sort of our key partners that we want to maintain, but there will be others where we can make choices, and we're happy to do that. And as part of that, of course, we've developed our own originated content to a much greater scale, whether that's in drama series or comedy or increasingly actually in local movies. So it gives us the opportunity to create more of that ourselves and create unique European stories that can complement what we do. And thirdly, I think we've got outstanding reach. If you're a partner, there's no better business to get the customers, to showcase your content and to elevate it. And increasingly, we offer other services to partners as well, things like advertising sales, for example. We'll sell advertising on behalf of many of our partners, and that's just a very efficient way for them to tap into Sky and the broader services that we offer. And then the final two things I'd point you to is just our brand and organization. I think we've got the number one brand. We've got a proven track record, I think, of taking other brands and helping them grow. And then we've got a lot of boots on the ground. We've got over 30,000 people directly, probably 0.25 million people indirectly, who can make sure that we're the best business to sell and then keep the product sold. And we know in this sector that being good at selling is only part of it, and managing churn and loyalty and keeping product sold is where you make your money. And we think we're pretty good at that. So we'll see what happens in the future, but I feel that we've got a really incredible set of assets to enable us to navigate this world. And look, the record has to stand for something. I think if you look at our growth over the last 10, 15 years through a variety of technology changes, economic conditions, competitive environments, our businesses continue to grow strongly, and I don't see any reason if we keep doing those things, that will not continue in the future.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Ben. Regina, we'll take one more question, please.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. Two if I may. Obviously, Comcast is very strong in the broadband business. Sky is a reseller. Is there any thought longer term to become a facilities-based provider for broadband in three very large markets in Europe? And then now that you've had a chance to hopefully do more work in looking at internal opportunities at Sky, the $500 million of synergies you've identified, has that changed, or any sense of how fast that could come to us? Thanks so much.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Vijay, it's Mike. I'll start, and Jeremy can add on. In terms of synergies, we're confident, very confident in the $500 million of synergies that we talked about. We've been at it for a month and all the teams getting together on a variety of different opportunities there across the board both at Sky and at Comcast and NBC are very confident in what we penciled out and talked about publicly. And so that will come over the coming couple of years, but no changes to our guidance on that score. And then in terms of future investment beyond the organic plans, at Sky I think we're going to run the organic plays as Jeremy described. Obviously, market structures are different in the U.S. from Europe, and that leads to great opportunities to capitalize on other folks' investment in their broadband plans. But, Jeremy, I don't know if you want to add to that at all.
David Jeremy Darroch - Sky Plc: Sure. I think, Vijay, at this stage, you're going to have to forgive us a little bit. I don't think it's probably too helpful to front-run ideas or giving a running commentary on those. We'll come back I think when we've got something more substantive to say. And what I would say though is, we're connected already. We've had plenty of time to think about this at Sky, so we're well-organized. We've got a clear set of plans now as to how we get into this stuff and start to tease out and explore the bigger ideas and then how we might pursue those. And as Mike said, as they develop and come to fruition, we'll come back and talk to you a bit more about why we think they're great ideas and how we're going to go after them.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks so much.
David Jeremy Darroch - Sky Plc: On broadband, so just specifically, look. Again, I think it falls in the bucket of one of the things that we're going to be looking at. As you said, we've got, we have our own in the UK, just to be clear, we have our own broadband network. It's built around the Canal system actually in the UK. It connects to about 2,500 BT exchanges. We have a very good regulatory environment, which gives us access on cost-based economics, so we get the benefit of a lot of the aging and write-down of that infrastructure, and then we use largely BT's last-mile-to-the-home. In Italy, we're doing a slightly different deal with Enel (1:20:10), who are the state-backed fiber-to-the-premises provider, and they're building out to something like 271, off the top of my head, urban and regional areas in Italy. And so we in a sense from a capability point of view, leapfrog what we've done in the UK, but largely execute the triple play commercial execution that we hold in the UK. So we're very excited about that because it would be a big idea in Italy. And then look, from our point of view, the chance to tap into the capability of this organization in cable broadband communications is a big opportunity for us. So we'll think through those things over the coming months.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: So let me just wrap up by saying thank you to everybody for giving us a little extra time, and I think it was time well spent to get a deeper understanding of Sky, why it's a great business, why it fits us so uniquely, and why we are as excited as we are. I think the results for the quarter speak for themselves, and we'll talk to you in 90 days.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Brian. Regina, back to you, thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp. Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp. Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp. David N. Watson - Comcast Corp. Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.
Analysts: Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US) Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC John Janedis - Jefferies LLC Douglas Mitchelson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Comcast's Second Quarter 2018 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President-Investor Relations, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke, and Dave Watson. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks and Steve and Dave will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to slide number 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements, subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. I'm really pleased with our quarterly results and let me reiterate something that perhaps has been lost in recent months. We have a unique and special company with a terrific team and great operating momentum. These excellent second quarter results underscore all of this. We generated robust free cash flow of $4.3 billion, along with healthy EBITDA and earnings per share growth. At Cable Communications, we've talked a lot about the pivot we've made in our business towards connectivity. It is increasingly the focal point of our relationship with residential customers, it's the driving force behind our growth in business services and it's where we're investing our capital expenditure dollars to continue to differentiate and extend our network leadership position. We delivered strong results in the second quarter that reflect this strategy with successful execution. Cable EBITDA increased 6.5% and Cable net cash flow, which is EBITDA less total capital, improved over 16%. Fueling these results are connectivity business, residential broadband and business services, collectively grew revenue nearly 10%. We added 182,000 net new customer relationships and this was driven by 260,000 broadband net adds, our best second quarter in 10 years as our focus on innovation and differentiation through speed, coverage and control with our xFi products is resonating in the market. In business services, we continue to see growth across small, medium, and enterprise customer segments. Dave Watson and his team are doing a fantastic job and we see substantial further opportunity in our connectivity businesses continue to take share and grow. In video, the team continues to adapt to a changing marketplace. As anticipated, continuing competition from virtual MVPDs contributed to our 140,000 video customer net losses in the second quarter. We remain focused on segments that we can serve profitably as part of a broader relationship with the customer centered on a whole home experience. Our best-in-class X1 platform positions us well to do this by aggregating the best content from linear TV to third-party apps like Netflix, YouTube, Pandora and more. Integrating other services like xFi and Xfinity Home and adding features like our recent launch of Fandango voice activated movie ticketing experience. We expect to announce more integrations with X1 in the quarters ahead. We're also pleased with the performance of our newest product, Xfinity Mobile. In a little over a year since launch, we've signed up over 780,000 lines and are encouraged by the results and customer response so far as well as early signs of the positive impact that wireless is having on our overall relationship with the customer. Finally, we are making progress in improving the customer experience and offering more ways to interact with us digitally. In the second quarter, calls handled by our agents decreased by 10% and the portion of customer interactions completed digitally increased by double digits year-over-year. Customer satisfaction is rising and churn declined in every one of our product categories, including the lowest level for a second quarter and over 10 years in broadband. Our focus on making customer service our best product is starting to really pay dividends and I'm proud of the great strides we've made so far. At NBCUniversal, EBITDA increased 4% in the second quarter as particular strength in our Cable Networks business offset expected tough comparisons in film. Overall, the underlying trends across our businesses are very healthy with many exciting highlights like the World Cup on Telemundo, which continued into the third quarter; Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom, which is on track to be one of the top 15 highest grossing movies of all time; and the recent opening of several new attractions at our Theme Parks. Our Cable Networks and Broadcast TV businesses collectively increased EBITDA by 9%. The power of our big event strategy and robust demand for our content is driving continued retrans and affiliate revenue momentum, growth in content licensing and solid advertising, which reflected strength at MSNBC and the World Cup in the second quarter. Telemundo set numerous records throughout the tournament, including the network's highest ratings ever during Mexico's thrilling win over Germany. Its digital presentation has also been tremendous, generating a record 130 million live streams and making it the biggest Spanish language live streaming sporting event in history. NBC broadcast won the recently concluded September to May season by the widest margin for a network in 30 years and is on track to win the full 52-week season for the fifth consecutive year. And MSNBC continued its impressive performance, now solidly ahead of CNN in primetime and closing the gap with Fox News. I'm not sure enough focus has been paid to MSNBC and the incredible progress it has made. Underscoring the importance and value of all this great content to advertisers, we just completed another outstanding upfront with high single-digit pricing gains, coupled with 5% growth in volume commitments. We also achieved 25% growth in upfront digital sales reflecting our strength across viewership platforms. Turning to Theme Parks, EBITDA is up 12% through the first half of the year. Our wonderful team continues to successfully execute its strategy with new attractions across our parks and in the second half, we'll benefit from the recent openings of Night Parade in Japan, Kung Fu Panda in Hollywood and Fast & Furious: Supercharged in Orlando. Adding hotel rooms has also been a key driver in Orlando and we're excited to have the Aventura Hotel opening in a couple weeks, bringing total on-site rooms to over 6,000, which is 2.5 times more when compared to five years ago, with still more capacity to grow. As you can see, we had a great first half of the year with a really strong second quarter and showing strength across all parts of the company. With that, let me turn it over to Mike.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Brian and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on slide 4 with our second quarter consolidated results. Revenue increased 2.1% to $21.7 billion. Adjusted EBITDA increased 4.8% to $7.4 billion, reflecting solid growth of 6.5% and 4.2% at Cable and NBCUniversal, respectively. The Corporate and Other segment results included an EBITDA loss of $185 million for Xfinity Mobile. Adjusted earnings per share increased 25% to $0.65 for the quarter. And finally, free cash flow was $4.3 billion in the quarter, bringing the first half total to $7.4 billion. Now let's turn to the details of the quarter, starting with Cable Communications results on slide 5. Revenue increased 3.4% and EBITDA increased 6.5%, resulting in a 120 basis point year-over-year improvement in margin to 41.1%. These results reflect strong underlying growth in the business and also include benefits from a tax settlement and hurricane insurance proceeds in this year's second quarter that together contributed slightly less than a point of EBITDA growth. Customer relationships increased 2.8% year-over-year to 29.8 million, including 182,000 net additions in the second quarter. On a per relationship basis revenue increased 0.7% and EBITDA increased 3.7%. As Brian said, we are undergoing a strategic shift in our business. Video competition from virtual MVPDs remains challenging, driving a loss of 136,000 residential video customers and a 1.9% decline in video revenue in the quarter. We expect this pressure to continue as the virtual players continue to ramp up their marketing. However, our strong total Cable results underscore the successful pivot we have made towards our high margin connectivity businesses, residential high-speed Internet and business services. High-speed Internet revenue increased 9.3% to $4.3 billion, again the largest contributor to overall Cable growth. Our residential broadband customer base has increased by 1.1 million over the past year, including the addition of 226,000 net new customers in the quarter. As these robust results demonstrate, we are competing well as we've differentiated our product with speed increases and the launch of our 1 gig tier across our footprint, our advanced gateways and over 19 million hotspots for the best in and out of home Wi-Fi coverage and unique home network control elements through xFi. Additionally, one of the ways we have adapted our approach in the current marketplace is to proactively market broadband-only packages which will continue in the second half of the year. The increasing importance and value of broadband to our customers is clear. Our customers' median monthly data usage on our network now exceeds 150 gigabytes for the first time. Additionally, our xFi customers are connecting an average of 11 devices in the home over Wi-Fi daily. Business Services delivered another quarter of double-digit growth with revenue increasing 11.1% to $1.8 billion. Business customer relationships increased 6% year-over-year to 2.2 million, including net adds of 36,000 in the quarter and revenue per business customer relationship increased 4.6%. Connectivity is at the core of our relationship with customers on the business side as well. Offering gigabit speeds and pushing fiber deeper into our network is enabling us to continue to win share across small businesses, Ethernet customers and our enterprise segment. We believe the competitive and strategic positioning of our broadband services and their increasing value to residential and commercial customers, as well as our expectation for continued broadband adoption, new home formation and the extension of our network to new commercial locations within our footprint, all point to sustainable growth ahead in our Connectivity businesses. The newest product in our Cable bundle, Xfinity Mobile, ended the quarter with 780,000 customer lines, as Brian mentioned, with 204,000 net line additions in the quarter. The EBITDA loss of $185 million booked in our Corporate and Other segment reflects our continuing ramp in subscriber acquisitions and the incremental operating costs associated with getting this business launched. While it is still early, we are pleased with the early indications we are seeing, including the mix of By the Gig versus unlimited plans, the impact of bring your own device and the attachment of mobile to our high quality double and triple-play bundles. Now turning to Cable expense and margin on slide 6, total Cable expenses increased 1.4%, driven by 3.3% growth in programming costs. Non-programming costs were flat compared to last year and down 2.6% on a per customer relationship basis, reflecting our ongoing focus on cost control as well as the financial benefits of the progress we are making in our efforts to improve the customer experience. In particular, our customer service expenses declined almost 1% even as our customer base was 2.8% higher year-over-year. Additionally, the tax settlement and insurance proceeds that I mentioned earlier, together reduced non-program expanse cost growth by approximately a point. Bringing all this together, Cable EBITDA increased 6.5% to $5.6 billion, resulting in a margin of 41.1%, up 120 basis points compared to the second quarter of last year. Based on our strong performance year-to-date and our outlook for the second half, we believe full-year margins could be 50 basis points to 100 basis points higher compared to last year, which is an improvement from our previous guidance of up to 50 basis points higher. Cable CapEx decreased by 9.7% to $1.8 billion, reflecting a decline in customer premise equipment spending as X1 is now deployed to over 60% of our residential video customers. This decline was partially offset by higher spending on line extensions to reach more business and residential customer addresses and continued investment in our network, consistent with our ongoing focus on driving our connectivity businesses. Cable CapEx intensity was 12.9% in the second quarter. For the full year, we now expect 50 basis points to 100 basis points of CapEx intensity favorability relative to last year, an improvement from our previous guidance of up to 50 basis points. Overall, healthy EBITDA growth and margin expansion, driven by our strong connectivity results and focus on cost control, coupled with a decrease in Cable CapEx as the mix of our business continues to shift, drove a 16% increase in Cable net cash flow in the quarter. Now let's move on to NBCUniversal's results. On slide 7 NBCUniversal's revenue of $8.3 billion was consistent with the prior year and EBITDA increased 4.2% to $2.2 billion. These results reflect robust growth in affiliate fees and retrans at our TV businesses, strong advertising growth, and solid results at our Theme Parks, despite a difficult comparison from the timing of spring holidays. These growth drivers were partially offset by the expected impacts of a tough comparison to last year's film slate as well as the programming and production costs associated with Telemundo's broadcast of the FIFA World Cup. Cable Networks revenue increased 8.2% to $2.9 billion and EBITDA increased 12.5% to $1.2 billion driven by higher affiliate fees, content licensing, and MSNBC ad sales. Distribution revenue grew 8.7%, primarily reflecting the continued benefit of previous renewal agreements. Subscribers at our Cable Networks declined by just under 1% this quarter, as adoption of virtual MVPDs drove an improvement from the recent trend of 1.5% to 2% declines. Content licensing and other revenue increased 22.5% due to the timing of content provided under current arrangements and new licensing deals. Advertising increased 3.6%, reflecting another outstanding quarter for MSNBC as well as strong overall pricing that was partially offset by ratings declines. Broadcast Television revenue increased 6.7% to $2.4 billion, reflecting advertising growth and higher retransmission revenue. Advertising revenue increased 9.2% driven by Telemundo's broadcast of the World Cup. Excluding the impact of the World Cup, advertising would have been consistent with our recent underlying trends, which have been roughly flat year-over-year. Retrans revenue increased about 20% to $437 million. Broadcast EBITDA of $417 million was consistent with the prior year due to programming and production costs associated with the World Cup. Excluding the World Cup, EBITDA would have increased by high-single digits. Film revenue declined by 20.2% and EBITDA declined by 52.1% to $138 million, reflecting the size and timing of 2018 theatrical releases and limited carry-over from earlier releases. As expected, this created difficult comparisons to the strong theatrical performance of Fate of the Furious in 2Q 2017, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom launched late in this year's second quarter as well as last year's successful home entertainment releases like Sing, Split and Get Out. Finally, Theme Parks revenue increased 3.6% to $1.4 billion and EBITDA increased 3.4% to $569 million despite a difficult comparison to the timing of spring break, which was concentrated in the second quarter of last year and benefited our results in the first quarter of this year. On a year-to-date basis, which smooths out the spring break timing differences, revenue increased 8.6% and EBITDA increased 12.3%. So let's finish up on slide 8 with return of capital. As I mentioned earlier, we generated $4.3 billion of free cash flow in the quarter. We returned $2.1 billion to shareholders in the second quarter, including $878 million of dividends and $1.25 billion of share repurchases. We remain committed to repurchasing at least $5 billion of stock in 2018. Finally, we ended the quarter with net leverage of 2.1 times EBITDA and we continue to be comfortable maintaining net leverage around the 2.2 times level. We value our current credit ratings. Assuming we are successful in acquiring Sky, our significant free cash flow generation will allow us to delever on a timetable, which we believe is consistent with the rating agencies' expectations, but of course we cannot speak for them. In closing, to reiterate what Brian said, the strength and momentum of our underlying business has probably been underappreciated in recent months. We are pleased to again report great quarterly results that support this. I'm confident in our trajectory and believe we are well-positioned for the future. Now I'll give it back to Jason for Q&A.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Okay. Thanks Mike. Regina, let's open up the call for Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session Our first question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Two questions; Brian, I think it was about nine months ago or so where you started to talk about your business as a connectivity business. And that may have faded in the background a bit over the last several months given everything else that's been going on. But I'm wondering if you could come back to that shift in strategy and sort of go-to-market and talk about what that means for Comcast in terms of capital allocation, the products you're building, your product pipeline both in broadband and video. And related to this shift maybe for Mike or Dave, what does this mean for the return on capital for the business? We look at these margin trends and capital intensity trends and certainly suggest that the whole model is becoming a higher return business as a result of this shift. I don't want to over analyze the first half of the year, so I'd love to hear your thoughts on sort of how that shift impacts the return in the business if you can.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Okay. Well, thank you, Ben. Let me start and then kick it over to Dave maybe for a little bit of his perspective. First of all, doing great job, taking this company that we build and recognizing times are changing. And as more people rely on faster and faster broadband and more capacity that gave us a marvelous opportunity to make investments to take the innovation machinery that our engineers and technology team have built and repurpose them partially to focus on innovation around broadband with our xFi products and our xFi brand. So the whole company understands that connectivity same with business services. And so it starts with everyone understanding that that's the opportunity and then trying to be best in class. I think some of our competitors are focused on other things and that allowed for an opening for us to make these investments and see consumers be happy with the products. And so I think today's results, we are hopeful they can continue in the future. We don't have a better crystal ball than anybody else, but we're pretty confident with the momentum through the first half of the year. And this is the best second quarter which is seasonally not your strongest quarter that we've had in 10 years. So I think that's a great achievement. Dave?
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Well, Ben, it starts with what Brian said. I think that our number one priority is growing the connectivity side of the opportunities that we have. So how we invest, how we manage, how we look at the product pipeline, it starts with literally everything around broadband. And given our current penetration level, we feel that there is considerable upside in growing share in broadband. So market is growing, people want better broadband. We deliver a better broadband service, and we're taking share. So, feel good about this quarter. This is our highest second quarter broadband in 10 years, as Brian said, and it's driven by strong connects, really strong retention performance. And that ties to this continuous investment in the category. This just didn't happen overnight. We have been very focused on broadband on the connectivity side, both residential and commercial for some time. And so every year, we have gone to our residential customers and 17 years in a row have increased their speeds. And our focus is delivering speed, coverage and control, all under the xFi brand. Right now 75% of our customers have 100 megabits or higher of speed and we're connecting, on average, about 11 devices in a household with our Wi-Fi. So coverage and the investment around gateway devices and Wi-Fi mesh is very important. And we've launched 1 gig virtually across the entire footprint. So, I think that's why our retention and the churn performance is doing well. We keep adding value to the subscription. So in addition, the focus has been from a marketing standpoint, we segment the marketplace. We're going after multiple segments and packaging, but we have increased our focus around the high speed only segment and that is really helping fuel things. So from a capital standpoint, let Mike jump in, but this reflects the shift in mix, net-net less video CPE, more broadband infrastructure. This is good for not only capital, it's good for margins, it's good for overall growth. And to me, this puts us in a really good position, and feel very optimistic about what broadband can do for us in the second half. Mike?
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Yeah, thanks, Dave. So Ben, just on the capital return dynamics, completely consistent with this pivot to connectivity. You think about what Dave and team are doing is really focusing on growing EBITDA at a customer level and driving higher lifetime profitability per customer. And obviously, the more that broadband becomes the center of the plate product, which it is, as you see from the results here, that's a higher margin product with lower capital intensity. So that shift is, you're seeing that in the numbers and what Dave is doing is sustainable looking ahead. That then sets the team up to really manage video, as Dave will talk about a little more, I'm sure, in a way where we're not going to chase low profitability video and but because we can drive better results at a customer level in other ways. And it shapes the effort to add other products like Xfinity Mobile where we're seeing good results at the beginning and that's in our hopes anyway, something that can add some incremental profitability at the per customer level and hopefully over the long term keep churn low in the existing business. So all those factors together make us feel very confident about the long-term trajectory and the return dynamics of Dave's business.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: One thing in addition, Ben, talking about the profitability on a per customer basis in addition to the 260,000 strong, market share strong growth, we are as focused on driving rate and revenue given that it's just a great product. So our focus has been on ARPU growth as well. So if you look at the quarter, we have grown ARPU by almost 5% in HSV and broadband. So it's a good balance between the two and that's how we look on our returns as well.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you all for the color.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Ben. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Just a follow-up to what Dave just said and then I have a NBCU question. So given the dynamics of broadband's, the demands, usage, et cetera, and pricing power, would you reconsider ever going to usage-based pricing? And if not, why not? And then on the NBCU side, I guess two questions. Addressable advertising still seems to be the key to making progress for traditional media companies versus the pure digital companies. Can you talk about what needs to be done and when it will be done to really drive that? And secondly on Theme Parks, Universal filed in mid-June with the patent office for the name Fantastic Worlds. Is that an indication that you are planning another gate in Orlando? Could you talk about plans for, and timing on that? And then on China, any update that you can give us. Do you expect any backlash from some of the trade issues going on between U.S. and China? Any progress that you can talk about? Thanks.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Jessica, let me start. Our focus has been to position broadband in the core subscription and I think the 4.7% ARPU is a good outcome that speaks to that. We have fair rate increases that impact that. Our packaging is entirely broadband centric and so that's a big source of revenue and how disciplined we are around  if somebody does elect to take broadband-only, we're very focused on making sure we price that fairly. So we'll evaluate everything over time but we're very focused on the core subscription. That's where I think the rate opportunity is.
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: So in terms of advertising, we just completed strongest upfront in the seven years that we've been here. Overall, volume was up significantly and rate was up very significantly. This is maybe the fifth upfront that we've really led the upfront and sort of set rates and others followed behind us. But we're seeing a very strong advertising market scatters terrific World Cup sales were terrific. We're making a number of investments and making a number of sort of technological improvements, some of which are related to addressability and some of which are related to just packaging and selling our products differently. And that's obviously going to be important as we differentiate ourselves against digital advertisers. In terms of a new gate in Florida we are looking at it. We filed basically a name registration. We have a lot of great IP. We love the Theme Park business. It's one of our best, most consistent businesses. And we think we have a lot of  a very long runway and that another gate in Florida would have the advantage of turning Florida from a two or three-day destination to potentially a weeklong destination. We think that would be attractive. In terms of China, no sign of any changes related to whatever friction there might be between the two countries. We're actually starting vertical construction. Things are going very, very well and we continue to believe a Universal park in Beijing is going to be a huge addition to our Theme Park segment.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Jessica. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thanks. Maybe we could focus on some of the strategic issues that have been impacting the stock. In the wake of the bidding for Fox, Brian, do you feel that NBC is subscale as DC offerings increasingly become the focus of U.S. media? That's number one. Number two, if you could talk about your confidence level in the Sky bid. And three, just what's your view regarding being a minority investor in Hulu with Disney controlling the company? Thanks.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, John. Let me just generally comment on this and I think I hit some of your points, and some of them we're not prepared to address today. But in terms of scale, I think today's great results show that our company has scale, that it's working well, maybe even better than that, maybe in the number of our products, we're the market leader, best-in-class. That comes with scale. So in the case of Fox, it was a unique opportunity and we were very disciplined in our approach to it, but we thought it was mostly about international expansion opportunity. We had regulatory belief that it was approvable in the United States. In fact, we've had conversations that we're going well. But ultimately, we pulled back, because we thought that we couldn't build enough shareholder value by making the price at which it seemed to in our judgment to be possible to buy it at, which was increasing. So  and that's how we built the company. We've looked at a lot of things, thousands of transactions over 50 years and we've done several hundred and that we have more times than not been able create to increase shareholder value, if we can make those acquisitions work. So we're focused on Sky now. We think it's a great business, it will fit well, good use of capital. It's also unique but I don't want to say anymore today and hopefully that addressed a number of your issues.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Brian.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, John. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thanks. Two quick questions for Dave, if I may. So the shift in trends in broadband this quarter from sort of the last three quarters is really impressive. I'm wondering if you can just give us some context, looking back over the last three quarters for sort of what the drivers in slower growth were in terms of how much if it was a slowdown in overall market growth versus a step up in competition, versus perhaps you guys just not being as focused on this piece of the business as you have been this quarter? And then the increase in EBITDA per customer relationship was really impressive as well. And we've had a thesis for a while that there is a lot more variable cost in the video business than maybe investors realize. How much of the improvement in margins that you are seeing is a function of as video subscribers decline there's just variable cost dropping out of the model versus a continued sort of cost cutting and streamlining that you're doing in that business? Thanks.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Well, Jonathan, let me start with  again, one of the trends that we've seen that has continued very, very good retention performance in broadband. So while that's continuing, what has upticked has been the connect side of the business. And so to some extent, we did shift gears and have increased, a little bit more focused, as Brian has mentioned and Mike, around the broadband-only segment. We still package. We have a terrific package of where we combine video, the best of video with the best of broadband. We're giving customers I think really good options in the marketplace today. And I think it's helping all the products, but its broadband centric. And in addition, we have supplemented that with a strong focus around broadband-only. So I think that has helped. So  but it's connected to just this constant focus of investing and the overall improvement of the broadband services. Every year we just keep coming back to it and offering more and that's why I think we had record level retention performance. So on the operating expense leverage, so the non-programming expense per customer relationship, it was down 2.6%. And so there're two things to me that we stay very focused on cost control and to your point, we have been talking about this that we are absolutely seeing the financial benefits of the progress we're making in our efforts to improve the customer experience. This is the single best thing that we can do for our customers and it takes transactions out of the business. So what we're doing is just making it easier to do business with this. And when you take out, just as Brian said, the 10% reduction in the phone calls, 6% reduction in truck rolls. This is because we're just staying on it all the time. It's another area of continuous improvement that we think is going to be  it's important today, it will be important tomorrow and we're not going to stop. So it is improving customer satisfaction as well. So we think that this is sustainable, a very important part of margin and just how we run the business.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Jonathan, thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. I know the vMVPD is a hot topic and we're all trying to figure out what overall penetration will be of the entire pay TV industry. Do you have any thoughts around where virtual MVPDs may end up as a percent of the total pay TV industry? And is there some level of indifference that you may have because it ultimately helps your broadband business? That's the first question. And then somewhat related to the last couple questions, your lower CapEx guide, I think it's due 100% to more efficiencies and not to a projection of lower subs, if you could just confirm that.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: So let me start. In terms of virtual MVPDs, I don't think we're going to have  as I said, give you a number because we all can speculate. But I think your point it actually is even  I would broaden it and say it's true for NBCUniversal as well. One of our strategies is to have diversification in such a way that as new technologies come it's not all or nothing and we're benefiting more than I think we're losing from that additional competition. If you'd look at the two businesses, to your point, clearly broadband is growing faster as we keep saying that in recent years, why is that? Because video over the Internet is more reliable and more devices, there are 10 devices in a home and growing and more bits per consumer and more bits per home, all those are great trends for us. We'd like it all to be our bits, but if it's not that's why we've integrated the Netflixes and the future integrations in YouTube and things we've done. Over at NBCUniversal, they're able to have more distributors and are having more ways to sell individual shows to those distributors and having more packages of channels that they can sell to new packagers. So I think it is a very dynamic time and we're uniquely positioned as a company to benefit from these changes. And we don't think they're all or nothing and going to happen overnight. This has been one of the most, maybe the single most profitable year in television's history, if you add up all the various piece parts. And that's true globally and that's true in United States. And so our strategy of trying to have our company better positioned than maybe anybody else to take advantage of these shifts without having a bet that's so great that we could get something wrong, that's what's given us a sustainable long-term track record of creation of value for shareholders, a good return and we hope to do that in the future.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: So, CapEx side in terms of the question, in terms of video, as Mike said, we're improving the guidance 50 to 100 basis points versus the prior guidance of 50 basis points of improvement. And this is absolutely it does relate to mix shift and we're continuing to invest quite a bit in our infrastructure around broadband. But there are less video customers, but we're also doing a good job with X1. We're highly penetrated with X1. So we're not going as proactively to that base. So it is video CPE that's less that is driving that.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: And that's really, remember, we're at the late stages of penetration of X1, which has crossed now 60% penetration. So as we always said, once we get to a certain point, that will ease and that's what you're seeing offset by good investment back in the network for broadband with line extensions and business services investment on the capital side.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thanks Marci. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John Janedis with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks. I had two. First, obviously you talked about the upfront, but can you talk more broadly about the demand you're seeing in terms of willingness of advertisers to buy across all of your platforms? And do you still see a slowing in the shift of budgets moving to digital? And then separately, one of the themes this earnings season has been direct-to-consumer. Some understanding there may be a couple of options for you. I was hoping you could give us more on your DTC strategy over the next say 12 to 24 months. Thank you.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: So, it's hard to predict or hard to say exactly what percent of marketers' budgets are going to digital, but the television market remains very, very strong. And I think some of the strength is just because if you're trying to change a buyer's opinion, there's nothing better than a TV spot. There has been nothing created on the Internet that is as compelling in terms of changing a person's mind about a brand as a television spot in a great show watched by millions and millions of people. And what we're finding is the breadth of our offering, we have over 20% of all the rating points in the United States. The breadth of that offering is allowing Linda Yaccarino and our sales team to go to market and provide sort of integrated solutions for advertisers across all of those networks and also across all of our digital properties and all of the other digital properties that Linda is selling. We have deals with Apple and AOL, BuzzFeed and Vox. So that combination, we think is proving to be very valuable despite the fact that obviously people like Google and Facebook are achieving gigantic ad sales. And in terms of direct-to-consumer, and so I think there is a feeling right now that everybody is completely focused on Netflix. The vast majority of television viewing is not streaming. The vast majority of television viewing is not Netflix or Amazon or Hulu. The vast majority of television viewing continues to be linear television for big events, particularly for big events. Our future I think is selling wherever consumers are, if they're watching linear, if they're watching streaming, if they're watching any different kind of platform cable or broadcast. And so we're trying to position our company to make sure that all those avenues are open and that we intelligently look at those avenues and maximize the profitability of our video business. And that's, to me, that's the kind of strategy that leads to a successful company and that's the path that we're on.
John Janedis - Jefferies LLC: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, John. Next question, please.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Douglas Mitchelson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks so much. Good morning. So your update to Cable CapEx guidance brings into focus the debate on long-term capital intensity for the Cable business. I was just wondering as you look out over the next few years, are there any sort of big projects  you're obviously coming off of X1 that we should be focused on. I know you often get the fiber to the home question. How should we think about those next few years and the long-term capital intensity? And then for Steve, I just wanted to make sure I got the stats right. And then I have another question which is I think many of your competitors are saying the upfront had double-digit CPM price increases and I think Brian indicated in his prepared remarks that NBC had high single-digits and you said you led the market. So I think all of what you're saying is consistent with what I was hearing from advertisers but I just wanted to make sure I had that right relative to what some competitors are saying. And the other question for Steve is just any update on 3Q Theme Park pacings given the dynamics around the second quarter related to the holiday timing? Thanks.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Doug. It's Mike. I'll start on Cable capital intensity and Dave can jump in. But we'll come back and do our annual guidance in January. But just to go at the question, I think that the trends that  and factors that affected are affecting the lower capital intensity that we saw in the first half of the year are ones that are enduring sustainable. And so I think that's a takeaway you can have. And I'd leave it there.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: I would only offer  I'll end with where we started. We have continuously focused on the connectivity business, business services, proactive builds, infrastructure around broadband capacity. So because of that it's just a  it's a more steady investment plan. And so that  we'll talk more later, but that's from the Cable side.
Douglas Mitchelson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: I mean Dave...
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: In terms of more specifics about the upfront, NBC prime was actually up over 11%, and our total, I think we said high-single digits. And we're pretty confident that we're leading the market, particularly on the NBC side. And there may be some cable channels that have higher growth rates than some of our cable channels, but in general, I'm pretty confident that we led the market. In terms of Parks, Parks are doing fine. There are going to be quarters, which are stronger than others due to new attractions or hotel openings, but we feel very pleased about our Parks business. We have had some poor weather in Osaka and to a degree in the U.S. parks as well, but Parks are doing fine.
Douglas Mitchelson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Well, Doug, thank you very much. Regina, we'll end the call there. Thanks.
Operator: There will be a replay of available of today's call starting at 12 o'clock PM Eastern Time. It will run through Thursday, August 2 at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 7673099. A recording of the conference call also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp. Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp. Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp. Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp. David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.
Analysts: John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US) Scott Goldman - Jefferies LLC Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this call is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke and Dave Watson. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks and Steve and Dave will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to slide number two, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you this conference call may include forward-looking statements, subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K and trending schedules for the reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. We were off to a terrific start in 2018 with first quarter revenue growth of over 10% and healthy EBITDA, earnings per share and free cash flow. I'm really proud of these results, which reflect strength across all parts of Comcast NBCUniversal. We have such a special company with a collection of scaled businesses, each executing at a high level and substantial opportunities for continued growth led by our margin accretive segments. We have a business model that works well, and we see more and more of our peers attempting to pivot towards a similar strategy of integrating distribution and content. We think our team has done a great job of this, particularly with NBCUniversal, as you can see in today's results. This successful execution led us to make an announcement earlier this year that further strengthens this strategy with our proposal for Sky. This morning, we're excited to take the next logical step with a formal binding cash offer for Sky. The terms are consistent with what we already outlined in our 2.4 announcement and Mike will provide some additional color on this later. So let me turn now to our strong first quarter results. Starting with Cable, our connectivity businesses, including residential broadband and business services are now at a nearly $24 billion annualized revenue run rate combined, growing over 9% with significant runway ahead. We are confident in our outlook for high-speed Internet subscribers as the total market continues to grow our homes and businesses past steadily increase and our focus on product innovation and differentiation through speed, coverage and control elements enables us to continue to grow and take share. In business services, we're making nice strides in our newest segment serving enterprise customers and also continuing to gain in the small and mid-size business space with superior products and attractive value proposition. We have built an incredible organization within our company with over 10,000 employees dedicated to our business services efforts and more than 3,000 of them are sales professionals helping us add new business customers every day. In the first quarter, we added almost 380,000 net new broadband customers grew residential high-speed Internet revenue by 8% and business services revenues by 12%. Fueled by these businesses and our ongoing customer experience efforts, we're on track to increase Cable margins for the full year in 2018. While investing in a network to strengthen our position in our connectivity businesses remains a priority, we expect overall capital intensity to decline in Cable. Altogether, this puts us on a path for healthy Cable EBITDA and net cash flow growth as our first quarter results demonstrate. We continue to increase customer relationships with 273,000 net new additions balanced with healthy EBITDA growth of nearly 5% and margin expansion. Cable net cash flow, which is EBITDA less total capital spending, grew nearly 13%, which is the fastest rate of growth in six years. As you can see, our Cable business overall remains well positioned for the future. The team is also capably reacting to and managing the ongoing changes in the video competitive landscape. This includes the increasing presence of virtual MVPDs which contributed to our net loss of 96,000 video customers in the first quarter. We remain focused on finding innovative and profitable ways to deliver the best video and most complete experience to our customers. We have pivoted X1 to be a whole-home platform that aggregates the best content, not just linear TV. We recently added Sling TV's international programming, joining YouTube, Netflix, Pandora, to name just a few of the partners we've already integrated. X1 also serves as a dashboard for WiFi connectivity and home automation, with recent launch of xFi notifications and new Voice Remote commands that help manage our customers' smart home devices. The value that this seamless integration of services brings to our customers is quite apparent. X1 has quickly become the most used platform for Netflix viewing among our customers. We are excited to deepen our relationship with Netflix with our recent announcement that Comcast will begin packaging Netflix with TV offers, creating an additional revenue source for our company. It has been about a year since we entered the wireless market with our launch of Xfinity Mobile and we are pleased with the results so far. Our offers are clearly resonating, adding value to our customers by bundling wireless together with access to our high-speed Internet at attractive prices. We ended the first quarter with 577,000 customer lines and continue to enhance this offering with features like bring your own device. In addition, last week we announced the new operating platform partnership with Charter, the result of our continuing collaboration aimed at getting to scale more quickly through operational and cost efficiencies as we develop our respective mobile businesses, enabling both companies to better compete in the national wireless market. Finally, our results continue to benefit from our ongoing efforts to make interacting with us simpler and more consistent, including through more all-digital tools. In the first quarter, we reduced calls handled by our agents by 13% and increased the portion of customers interacting with us only digitally by about 15% year-over-year. I'm proud of the consistent progress we are making with these metrics and our room for further improvement bodes well for the future. Turning to NBCUniversal, we are well positioned to succeed in an evolving media landscape with our high-quality sports, news, and entertainment content fueling strong results at our TV businesses, our focus on leading franchises at Filmed Entertainment, and a fantastic trajectory in our high-margin Theme Park businesses. This strategy again delivered terrific results in the first quarter, with EBITDA increasing by double-digits, highlighted by exceptional growth at our TV business and Theme Parks. Broadcast and Cable Networks, collectively delivered 23% EBITDA growth, underscoring the power of our Big Event Strategy as well as continued distribution and retrans strength. The Olympics generated over $1.1 billion of revenue at our TV businesses and were a tremendous success. The Games averaged nearly 20 million viewers in prime time over all 18 nights across broadcast, cable, and digital. And NBC's prime time viewership was over 80% higher than ABC, CBS, and Fox combined, the widest margin on record for a Winter Games. I'm extremely proud of the efforts across the company from NBC's fantastic and very personalized and human coverage to the amazing Olympics dashboard on X1 that made it easier than ever to access all of the moments that make it such a special event. The results within our Cable footprint highlight the benefits of the entire organization working together, as ratings in X1 households for NBC and NBC SportsNet prime time coverage were 26% higher than the national average. We think of the Olympics as a technology laboratory for the future of television. NBC also aired the Super Bowl in the first quarter, which generated over $400 million in advertising. Notably, the broadcast of This Is Us after the game was the highest-rated scripted series following a Super Bowl in over a decade. On the back of these incredible big events, NBC is on track to finish number one for the fifth consecutive year in demo and is number one in total viewers for the first time in 16 years. We also have the fastest-growing cable network with MSNBC and a number one cable entertainment network with USA. At Theme Parks, another quarter of double-digit EBITDA growth reflects continued strength from Volcano Bay in Orlando and Minion Park in Japan. And there is more to come this year with several exciting attractions debuting across our parks this spring that leverage our own intellectual property, including a Fast & Furious ride in Orlando, Kung Fu Panda in Hollywood, and a Hollywood-themed night parade in Japan celebrating films, including Minions and Jurassic World. Speaking of Filmed Entertainment, as we expected and communicated, we face a tough comparison to last year's record results. We continue to focus on our franchise strategy and are pleased with the performance of first quarter releases, including Fifty Shades Freed, which brought that series across the $1 billion mark. And we are looking forward to Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom coming to theaters in June. So I'm incredibly proud of the team's performance this quarter and excited about the opportunities ahead for our company. I believe today's announcement for Sky will further strengthen our successful strategy and momentum. We love our position owning content and distribution businesses that individually have a great outlook and together make each other stronger. We think Sky is an outstanding company that follows this same formula, with a similar business model in new and attractive geographies. We believe Sky, when combined with Comcast NBCUniversal, will create an even stronger and more international business with an increased ability to invest in content and innovation. Much like Comcast NBCUniversal is in the U.S., innovation is at the core of Sky's culture, and it has a portfolio of attractive content. A larger combined base of 52 million customers will help support the ability of a combined Comcast Sky to invest more in original and acquired programming and technology capabilities as we strive to deliver truly differentiated customer experiences. When opportunities arise from unique timing and company-specific situations, we look to take advantage, while viewing any potential transaction through the lens of both financial and offensive strategic impact. Financially, we evaluate opportunities against alternative uses of capital, including buying back our stock as well as accretion to free cash flow per share, and ultimately, the ability to exceed the cost of capital in a reasonable timeframe. Strategically, we are focused on where we can enhance our position through scale with complementary businesses that provide us with new capabilities, new markets, and other growth opportunities. We think Sky is a great fit when judged against these criteria. So in closing, we like our outlook at Cable. And NBCUniversal continues to grow at a faster pace than any of us originally imagined. The whole team is off to a great start this year. And with that, now let me turn it over to Mike for more details.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everybody. Let me start by providing the details on our Sky announcement, which is a binding cash offer known as a Rule 2.7 firm offer under the UK Takeover Code. The key terms are consistent with our original proposal back in February, an all-cash offer for 12.50 per share and acceptance condition of 50% plus one share. Our various intention statements related to investment in the UK are all consistent with the Rule 2.4 announcement. And our commitment to Sky News has been strengthened with a pledge to establish an independent Sky News editorial board, maintain investment, and to not acquire a controlling interest in any UK newspapers. In terms of process, in the near future, we'll file for EC antitrust approval, which would kick off a 25-day Phase I review. We still expect to complete all regulatory reviews in a timely manner so that Sky shareholders will be in a position to review our offer without any regulatory concerns attached. In terms of the financial and strategic merits of the transaction, let me add to what we have said before. We believe this is a financially attractive transaction. New information in the 2.7 announcement today is a synergies estimate of around $500 million achieved through a combination of revenue benefits and recurring cost savings across the combined company. These are expected to be achieved through optimizing Comcast and Sky's complementary operations with only limited impact on head count expected. We believe those synergies, combined with the strength of Sky's standalone business, which we've spent more time studying, makes this a compelling transaction based on a variety of measures. To reiterate what Brian mentioned, we evaluate all opportunities against alternative uses of capital. This includes buying back our stock, investments we make in our own business, as well as other inorganic opportunities. Quarterly evaluation is optimizing for a range of criteria, including accretion to free cash flow per share and the ability to earn and exceed the cost of capital in a reasonable timeframe. All balanced with potential strategic merits of the transaction. In essence, transactions that are financially sound and put us in an even stronger strategic position are exactly the type of opportunities we engage in and also where we have a strong history of value creation. In this context, we believe Sky is a great fit. So now let's discuss our first quarter results. First, I just want to remind everyone that as we previously announced on our year-end earnings call, we adopted the new accounting standard related to revenue recognition effective January 1, 2018. Today's results are reported on that standard. Beginning on slide 5, let's review our first quarter consolidated results. Revenue increased 10.7% to $22.8 billion, which includes results from the broadcast of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics and the NFL Super Bowl. Adjusted EBITDA increased 3.3% to $7.2 billion. Results for the quarter reflect healthy EBITDA growth of 4.7% and 13.1% for Cable and NBCUniversal, respectively. The corporate and other results include an EBITDA loss of $189 million associated with our newly launched wireless business. Adjusted earnings per share increased 17% to $0.62 for the quarter. And finally, free cash flow was $3.1 billion in the quarter. Now let's get into the details of our quarterly results for the Cable Communications business, starting with slide 6. Revenue increased 3.6% to $13.5 billion, reflecting a 273,000 net increase in customer relationships to 29.6 million and rate adjustments. These results were driven by our high-margin connectivity businesses, including high-speed Internet and business services, which together totaled nearly $6 billion in revenue in the quarter and grew over 9%. Taking a closer look at our residential business, high-speed Internet continues to be the largest contributor to overall Cable growth, with revenue increasing 8.2% to $4.2 billion in the quarter. These results were driven by a net increase in our customer base and rate adjustments. We added 351,000 net new residential high-speed Internet customers. And as Brian said earlier, we continue to be confident in our outlook for high-speed Internet subscriber growth for several reasons. First, the broadband market is expanding as more Americans adopt high-speed data. Currently, only about 80% of American households subscribed to Internet access and we believe this number will continue to expand. Second, we have an opportunity in our footprint through new home formation and by extending our plant within our footprint to increase our homes passed on a steady basis. This has been growing at a rate of about 1.5%. Lastly, we are driving market share gains on the back of ongoing investment in innovation and product differentiation. As Brian said, we are focused on continuously improving speed, coverage, and control in our best-in-class broadband product. In terms of speed, 75% of our residential customers receive speeds of 100 megabits per second or higher. We continue to make good progress rolling out DOCSIS 3.1, with 90% of our footprint now offering gigabit speeds. At the same time, we are putting our advanced gateways in the home, translating these speeds into the best WiFi. With WiFi powering an increasing number of connected devices in the home, our xFi app enables the customer to better manage their home network, further improving their experience. All this differentiates and increases the value of our broadband service and helps us capture additional market share. Switching to video, revenue declined 0.8% to $5.7 billion in the quarter. The difference in the quarter's results compared to last year is primarily driven by a decrease in customers as well as our choice to take lower rate increases. We had 93,000 residential video customer net losses in the quarter. The video marketplace is highly competitive and our business continues to adapt in a way that allows us to compete while preserving strong Cable EBITDA and net cash flow growth. We continue to believe X1 is the best video product on the market and remained focused on innovation and our aggregation strategy around content in a market where total video consumption is at an all-time high. In addition, we are segmenting the market to get the right product to the right customer by offering other video products including products with thinner packaging that extend our reach into additional segments that we still think we can serve profitably. And we are doing this all in the context of managing the whole-home relationship. While broadband is at the epicenter of the majority of our customer relationships, customers can still get the best experience and value with a bundled service, including some combination of broadband, video, voice, home security, and now mobile products. And despite the shifting contributions, we are growing EBITDA and EBITDA per relationship. Speaking of Xfinity Mobile, as Brian mentioned, we are happy with the early results we are seeing in this business, ending the quarter with 577,000 customer lines, having added 196,000 lines in the quarter. We are seeing real momentum as the product is resonating with our customer base, and we believe Xfinity Mobile is a big opportunity to continue to drive the bundling strategy of the Cable business and provide more value to our broadband customers. Financially, our $189 million EBITDA loss at Xfinity Mobile in the first quarter reflects our ramp in subscriber acquisitions and the incremental operating costs associated with getting this new business launched. Moving on to business services, which continues to be a top driver of our overall Cable results, we delivered another strong quarter of double-digit growth, with revenue increasing 11.9% to $1.7 billion during the quarter, primarily driven by customer growth. We added 29,000 business customer relationships in the quarter and grew revenue per business customer relationship by 5%. These results are driven by connectivity, as the rollout of DOCSIS 3.1 has enabled us to offer gigabit speeds to small businesses and our investment to push fiber deeper in our network helps us continue to increase the number of mid-size customers. All business services segments, small, medium-sized, and now enterprise, are focused on connectivity and have substantial room for future growth. Now let's turn to slide 7 to discuss our Cable expenses and margin. First quarter Cable Communications EBITDA increased 4.7% to $5.4 billion, resulting in a margin of 40.1%, up 50 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2017. We continue to believe our full-year margins could be as much as 50 basis points higher compared to last year. We have added 745,000 total customer relationships over the last 12 months, which translates into 2.6% growth year-over-year in our customer base. If we look at our Cable financial results on a per-customer relationship basis, we increased total revenue per customer relationship by 0.9% and EBITDA per customer relationship by 2%. These results were driven by growth in our high-margin connectivity businesses and our focus on cost control. Programming expense growth moderated to 3% this quarter. After experiencing double-digit growth for the past two years, driven by the timing of several contract renewals, this quarter's growth is mainly driven by normal escalators in our programming contracts, partially offset by a loss of video subscribers. Non-programming expenses increased 2.8% this quarter. We continue to benefit from the investments we've made in customer experience initiatives as well as disciplined cost management overall. Notably, customer service expense continues to improve, declining 2% this quarter even as we grew total customer relationships by 273,000. Now let's move on to NBCUniversal's results. On slide 8, NBCUniversal's revenues increased 21.3%, and EBITDA increased 13.1% to $2.3 billion in the quarter. These exceptional results were driven in part by the successful broadcasts of the 2018 Winter Olympics and the NFL's Super Bowl, which generated an incremental $1.6 billion of revenue at our TV businesses, of which over $1.2 billion is related to advertising revenue. In addition to these big events, NBCUniversal's results reflect healthy growth in retrans and affiliate fees at our TV businesses and strong results at our Theme Parks. Cable networks revenue increased 21% to $3.2 billion and EBITDA increased 13.7% to $1.3 billion. Excluding $378 million of revenue associated with the Winter Olympics, revenue increased 6.6%, reflecting solid growth in distribution, advertising and content licensing, and other revenue. Distribution revenue increased 5.7% this quarter, reflecting the continued benefit of previous renewals of distribution agreements, partially offset by a decline in subscribers at our Cable Networks. Advertising revenue increased 2.4%, reflecting the impressive performance of MSNBC as well as strong overall pricing that was partially offset by ratings declines and the impact of channel closures. Lastly, content licensing and other revenue increased 26% due to new licensing deals and the timing of content provided under current agreements. Broadcast Television revenue increased 58.3% to $3.5 billion, and EBITDA increased 57.5% to $507 million. Excluding $770 million of revenue associated with the Winter Olympics and $423 million of revenue generated by the broadcast of NFL's Super Bowl, revenue increased 4.3%, primarily reflecting higher retransmission revenue. Retrans revenue increased about 18% to nearly $415 million. In addition, advertising revenue, excluding the Olympics and Super Bowl, was stable, as the strong scatter market offset ratings declines. Film revenue declined 16.3%, and EBITDA declined 45.2% to $203 million, primarily driven by lower theatrical revenue. Coming off the most profitable year in its history, Film results were down due to the size and timing of the slate. While the third installment of Fifty Shades delivered strong results in the quarter, it was a tough comparison to the higher number of films during last year's first quarter. As Brian said, we remain focused on our franchise strategy and we are excited to have the return of one of our biggest franchises with Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom opening in the second quarter. Finally, Theme Parks revenue increased 14.5%, and EBITDA increased 24.6% to $495 million. These strong results are partly driven by the timing of spring break, which was concentrated in the second quarter of last year. Even if we exclude this benefit, EBITDA growth would still be strong, up double-digits compared to last year, driven by higher per-capita spending. In the second quarter, we expect to benefit from several new attractions opening that Brian highlighted earlier. Now let's move on to slide 9 to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. Consolidated CapEx decreased 5% to $2 billion in the first quarter. At Cable Communications, capital expenditures decreased 5.2% to $1.7 billion for the quarter, resulting in capital intensity of 12.5%. For the full year, we continue to expect capital intensity to be favorable relative to 2017 by as much as 50 basis points. For the quarter, the decrease in spending is driven by a decline in spending on customer premise equipment, primarily related to X1, which is now deployed to over 60% of our residential video customers. Partially offsetting this lower spending was increased investments in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity and increase investment in line extensions to reach more business and residential customer addresses. We expect the composition of our capital spending to continue to shift away from video-centric customer premise equipment and towards connectivity-driven broadband infrastructure spending. At NBCUniversal, first quarter capital expenditures decreased 5.6% to $269 million. However, this is mainly timing-related and for the full year we expect capital spending to increase at NBCUniversal, with the majority of the investment directed to our Theme Parks. And now finishing up on slide 10, let's cover return of capital. As I mentioned earlier, we generated $3.1 billion in free cash flow in the quarter. We returned $2.2 billion of that to shareholders, about a 60% increase over last year. This includes $738 million in dividends and share repurchases of $1.5 billion in the first quarter. This equates to an annualized rate of $6 billion, nicely above the minimum target for 2018 of $5 billion, which we reaffirmed at the time of the Sky announcement. In addition, we remained at net leverage of 2.2 times EBITDA. Regarding potential acquisitions, it's our job to continuously evaluate whether there are opportunities for us to create value. But should we pursue anything while our stock is at these levels, while circumstances can always change, I think it's unlikely that we would use Comcast shares as a medium of exchange for a transaction. Our strong balance sheet allows us to consider strategically important opportunities at times like this. So thanks for joining us this morning. I will just conclude by saying we feel great about the fundamentals and underlying strength of our businesses. Our first quarter results support that and set us up well for a strong 2018. With that, I'll hand it back to Jason.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Okay, thanks, Mike. Regina, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thanks. Maybe to focus on the strategic topic. Brian, as you said, you're seeing increasing competition in the video market here in the U.S. And with the Sky transaction, you will be purchasing an asset that is primarily a satellite TV distribution company. Is there reason to believe that the video market in Europe will not evolve similarly to what we've seen here in the U.S.? And then number two, as a follow-up, just if you could give us any color on the $500 million in synergies, or any more details would be great. Thanks.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, John. Look, they're very different markets. Obviously, video and television have many similarities, but you really have to do the work and look at the competitive situation, dynamic, the future potential for competition. And I think the markets are just coming from different vantage points. Also, Sky has a terrific programming business, content creation business, over-the-top business. And so we looked at it and continue to look at it, look at their quarterly results, which they posted last week. And they also are in the broadband business in the UK. And they made announcements that they intend to do so in Italy. So we are impressed with just the continuing momentum at the business, the ability to have a content and distribution company that looks very similar to Comcast NBCUniversal. Mike?
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: So on synergies, John, $500 million, it's the same categories, I'd say, that we flagged that we expected to see when we did the 2.4. But it's about $300 million of expense side, $200 million of revenue synergies. On the expense side, just think about the amount of third-party spending the two businesses at our scale does. And then the ability to get some efficiencies across the two companies in some of the more administrative and production side of things. All that $300 million represents such a small percentage of the overall expense base that we're not too  we're confident that's gettable, as we said earlier. And then on the revenue side, it's again $200 million. When you think, again, about the ability to add to the power of monetization of Sky content in the U.S. and to some degree NBC content elsewhere, together with the strength of what we can do in producing new originals together is what gets you to those combined $500 million or so.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks guys,
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, John. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Yeah. Hi. I mean I'll stay with the strategic theme as well. So, I guess, my and most people's reading is that your interest in Sky and Fox signals a view that the scale required for the next generation of media is likely to be much, much greater. First, is that right? And is the production side of that business, does that require much larger scale, hence (33:04) perhaps more than just Sky, but a real kind of addition to the studio? And then if that's a global concept, I wonder if you could revisit your thoughts about how the U.S. fits into that with a sort of direct-to-consumer platform outside of your existing footprint?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Okay. Well, thank you, Craig. Let me start by saying, because there has been some commentary around this question of strategic intent, is that love our core businesses. And anybody who is viewing this as some divergent from that is not reading us properly in my judgment. We didn't choose to put Sky in play or any other asset in play. That event happened around us. And the question is, do we take a look at it and engage? And as we have done the work and in M&A generally, as Mike just articulated, and I tried to earlier, what are the reasons to do it and what are the reasons not to do it? And we look at all of that. And we think we are disciplined. We think we have a great track record. Nobody is perfect. But I go back to NBCUniversal and say we didn't have to do that. And at the time, there was what's the strategic rationale and other things. In the end, you want to buy it right, you want to operate it right, and you want to make a strategy and a growth trajectory for your company that's better than without it. And that's how you build an organization over 50 years. And so in the question of scale and looking at the future, again, I don't think we have to do this. I don't think international is broadly is a strategy. I think it is a unique asset in Sky's case that fits well within the mix of businesses we have already got, and is aligned with our existing strategy of integrating content and distribution. And a benefit is that you will get new geographies and additional scale, which gives you optionality for future things to consider, not a requirement or a necessity.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Craig. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I'd like to maybe switch gears to NBCU. And I don't know if Steve is on the phone, but just a question or two is, as you approach the upfront, what will be different this year in how you sell those or how buyers view the market? Or how the marketplace occurs, whether it's targeting or demos or digital versus linear? And then secondly, could you comment on the health of the movie business? And any changes in distribution with the Fox-Disney deal combination pending. Does that change premium video-on-demand or the potential premium video-on-demand?
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: Okay. So this is Steve. First on advertising, we're entering the upfront, which is two weeks from Monday is our presentation. It's amazing how quickly it comes every year. But we are entering the upfront in the strongest position we have since we arrived seven or eight years ago at NBCUniversal. If you look at NBC, we are over 40% ahead of the number two network in ratings. We had a very, very high percentage of the big nights in television between the Olympics and the Super Bowl, Golden Globes. We have a very, very strong schedule. And scatter for the last two or three quarters has been quite strong. The first quarter was the strongest quarter for scatter that we've had in a while. It's too early to say what the second quarter will be. But I think we have the cards to enter the upfront in a stronger position than we have in many years. In addition, there is a pendulum swing that happens between traditional linear broadcast and cable and digital. And I think for a whole variety of reasons advertisers are coming to the conclusion that that pendulum ought to swing back in our favor. It's not to say it definitely will, but there's certainly signs in people that we've talked to of a coming home to a trusted environment where an ad can be in context, where an ad can be watched the way people watch television ads from the beginning until the end. And behaviors change and brands are built and businesses succeed. So for all those reasons, the strength of our portfolio, in general, but in particular with NBC and also the strength of the market and the pendulum coming back to television, I am really looking forward to a very robust upfront. In terms of Film, Universals has been around something like 105 years. And we have set the record for operating cash flow consecutively in two of the last three years. We had the highest year, the best  our best year ever last year. This year, because we are comping against that year and you see it in the first quarter results we won't be quite as strong in terms of Film. But we are going to plenty strong, in my opinion. We are looking forward to Jurassic World on June 18. We have Mamma Mia! coming back as a sequel. We have The Grinch at the end of this year. And our approach to our Film business, led by Jeff Shell, has been to build on franchises, which we have more now than ever, and animation. And the purchase of DreamWorks Animation is going to start bearing fruit starting next spring with our first new release under our control. And of course, Illumination has never been stronger. So we feel very good about the Film business. I do believe that technology allows windowing to occur that will be beneficial to the Film business. And it's hard to say when and how that's going to happen, but we're doing so well in the Film business, that's just upside for us. And very proud of our team and their approach to the business, their discipline, their creative risk-taking, and the kind of movies that we are making, which are making Universal more profitable than ever.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Jessica. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, good morning. I have two questions. Mike, I think, I just wanted to go back to your comment before, you talked about where your stock is today and that it's a currency. To make sure we're hearing you right, it sounds like you are sort of taking any equity finance deal off the table at the moment. And then related to that, can you just remind us sort of how far you would take the leverage or the company is comfortable taking leverage up through acquisitions? Just so we can put some kind of parameters around there? And then I have a follow-up for Dave.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Sure. I don't really have much to add to what I earlier said. I mean, obviously any comment like that is subject to facts and circumstances at the moment. But since I have been getting the question about would we or wouldn't we in a variety of different possible scenarios, I guess, in people's minds, just want to make personally the point that I don't see us using stock at these levels. So that's the point I was making earlier, really in response to a question that I have been getting. In terms of does that necessarily mean we can't do anything, no, because the follow-through on that is the strength of our balance sheet and the history of being able to take advantage of the strength we keep in our balance sheet if something makes sense, which just ties back into what Brian said earlier about how we look at opportunities. And we are trying to always consider situations where if we can add value on top of the existing business, we view it as our job to try to do that. I wouldn't throw out any parameters for where we would or wouldn't go, other than the idea would be we like the leverage that we have and the strength of the balance sheet. And would be intent if we ever temporarily increased our leverage to bring it back to the neighborhood it's been operating in in a reasonable period of time.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great. And then, Dave, just on the broadband business, as AT&T upgrades their network, deploys more fiber, can you talk a little bit about how your flow share sort of trends over time? Do you see any marked differences in Comcast's ability to grow the business as they upgrade their DSL plant and even U-verse plant to more fiber? And are you doing anything around Verizon's 5G deployments in terms of just preparing the business or your customers for their deployment later this year? I realize the markets aren't all announced yet, but I'm just wondering how you are thinking about that.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Well, Ben, first off, I think you go through competitive cycles. And certainly we saw that earlier with AT&T moving more of their DSL footprint over. Once these adjustments happen, you level off. We make some adjustments to how we go to market and then there is sort of the new normal that exists. And what we are seeing is we have great momentum. We really like the trajectory of our broadband business. So we had a good result, as you all saw with the 379,000 new high-speed customers. And we think there is more room here. There's more room in share, there's more room in terms of how we approach the marketplace. So when you look at  Mike and Brian talked about the overall market growth in terms of broadband, in terms of homes passed. From our standpoint, when you go up against a lower-end broadband, I mean, how we are talking about how we compete, we talk about connected devices, how much consumption is going on. And our focus on providing a superior speed, coverage, and controlled answer to the broadband marketplace, I think, is working. So from our standpoint, you go through it and there's an opportunity to win some customers back that maybe are testing the waters. But I think our network is really designed and has great opportunities to scale around this new market. We increase the capacity every 18 to 24 months. And so I just feel that not all broadband networks are created equal. We have a great network designed, I think, to help us compete with more consumption. And in 5G, we're paying close attention to it. We are testing our own results in terms of what this can do. And we still feel that I think it could be a good opportunity for a mobile network provider to enhance their mobile applications and mobile service. It's a different question around whether or not it can  what it's going to  what they will do in terms of fixed broadband. So our focus, whether it's Verizon or whoever, is to continue to build out our network. We're very focused around broadband. We are going to test opportunities with 5G. But we are not going to stand still. We are going to continue to enhance our network capabilities. And you look at in terms of just overall consumption, just at a high level, you look at the top 10% of our customers, just how much they use, they are using 20 or more connected devices. And it's a tremendous amount of consumption that we have. And I think that's where the market is going. There is going to be more consumption, more connected devices. And so our focus is to provide the best in-home solution. And we will see what happens with 5G, but in the current spectrum use, the current way they are looking at it, I'm still very confident of our ability to compete.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Ben. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thanks. I'm wondering if you can give us a little bit more context on trends in the wireless business this quarter. So if the $189 million losses that you reported, associated with wireless, how much of that is sort of one-time costs associated with getting the business started versus sort of ongoing costs? And then how does the cost profile of the business change now that you have the JV with Charter, where they are covering some of the platform development costs? And then finally, when do you expect the pace of net adds to start accelerating as you upgrade the stores and get your sales channel really behind the product? Thanks.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: So, Jon, it's Mike. I'll start and then I'll let Dave take over. But I actually feel pretty good about the 198,000, I think, line adds to close to 600 (46:40) thus far. We feel pretty good about the launch. But in terms of the expenses, the $189 million of EBITDA losses, in line with what we had guided. We had several hundred million of losses last year. It will be a few hundred more this year. And that is really as we are acquiring customers and ramping the business. We also have to cover expenses of just getting a business started, from marketing departments, technology departments, the like, just core infrastructure. We will get some benefit in our deal with Charter of bearing some of those costs together. And in terms of where we go from here, I'll let Dave comment. But as we always said, when we get to scale in the business, we'll be able to cover those costs and be NPV-positive on a per-customer basis once we get to scale.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Well, so on  as Mike said, I think we're off to a really good start in mobile. It is early, launched last May. I think the consumer response to the choice of By the Gig or Unlimited is working. And it's still early in terms of how we expand distribution. And you mentioned kind of where we're at with that. We've launched now completely our retail stores. We didn't have to add a lot of retail stores, we just converted our existing stores and providing the capability to sell mobile in them. So that's going very well. We continue to press, I think, a very good digital solution. And we're just now beginning to package mobile solutions with broadband with other options. So I think it's relatively early, but we like the early trajectory of that. On Charter, just one other comment, given the amount of alignment and how we both look at the business, this is just, I think, a really logical next step. And so, as Mike mentioned, it helps us reduce costs. But I think it's even more than that. It's a really  it has the potential to be a really good operational partnership. We're both focused on back-office operations, really critical to how you scale this new business. And having Charter at the table thinking through the right answers to how we scale it, I think, is going to be a good help. So it reduces costs, it's efficient, it's a good thing. But I'm real pleased that we were able to bring this partnership forward.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thanks.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jonathan. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Goldman with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Scott Goldman - Jefferies LLC: Hi, good morning, guys. I guess, Mike, maybe just on the programming expense, probably a bit lower than most people were expecting. It doesn't look like you have a lot of major renewals going on this year. I know you've signaled that this year might be a little bit lower than perhaps the historical average. Wondering if that view has changed at all or how we should think about 2018 from a programming expense side of the equation. And then secondly, just maybe talk a little bit on the video side, what you're seeing in terms of vMVPD competition. How effective is Instant TV? I know it's probably early there, but how effective is that in terms of targeting some of the competition there? Thanks.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Sure. It's Mike. I'll start out. So as we said, we expected programming costs to come down to historical levels in this year after the couple of years of big renewals. So we're back in the land of regular escalators. And as I said earlier, that combined with some of the shift in mix of our customer base and some of the reductions in subs deflates the growth rate down, as a result, a little bit below the historical levels. So that's programming. We'll probably see trends similar for the remainder of this year, it's safe to say. And we'll come back next year with further annual guidance, but that's just on programming costs. And I'll let Dave comment on the competitive landscape on vMVPDs.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Well, no question, it's a competitive landscape. And don't see that changing, but we anticipated this as we saw it, thus your point on Instant TV, very much in line with our approach towards segmenting the marketplace. So still early on Instant TV. But again, similar to the question on broadband, once you see a fundamental shift in competition and the new  the virtual folks as they build a little bit of scale and get some customers, you have a real opportunity to win them back. And so our focus is to segment the marketplace. But our approach is to lead with the best-in-class video solution in X1 with broadband. We package, it gives the customer the best overall value when you do that. But part of this anticipated new competitive  more competitive landscape in video, we've continued to shift towards our connectivity business. And that has been absolutely part of our planning. As we look at the shift, it drives growth, both business services residentially, business services growing at almost 12%. There are share opportunities. Our focus is very much centered on broadband. When we start a package sale, when we talk to customers, we lead with broadband. And then we complete the package from that point on. This is how we're going to compete and win, I think, in the marketplace. And you look at the overall opportunity, we are generating nearly $24 billion in this connectivity business in annualized revenue. It's growing at 10%. This is where our focus is. We will not  we're going to continue to compete in video, and I think that we'll see how things play out. We're not going to just stop competing. We're going to absolutely be aggressive. But our focus has shifted towards the connectivity business.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Scott. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Two follow-ups. Dave, you mentioned the shift to connectivity. Was there any pushback on the broadband price in this increase this year or any more than usual? And second, and if I can follow-up on wireless, can you talk about the contribution from bring your own device launching in the quarter and how effective that was? And what type of usage and spending are you seeing from customers, especially the earlier ones who have been around for a couple of quarters? Thank you.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: So on broadband, Phil, in terms of rates, I would say at the highest level, we see that there is a real opportunity not just in share, but also in terms of how you reasonably price things. Our focus is to innovate. Just as we did with X1, we have really ramped up the ability years ago, focusing on mesh WiFi, great speeds, and then better control through the xFi app. And so I think when you do all these things, it adds up to just a really compelling value proposition where you can reasonably price and then compete with a superior broadband product. So I think that, again, not all broadband networks are created equal. If you are providing a better solution in broadband, your pricing can reflect that. So we're getting share, we can price reasonably. We are comfortable with that approach. And so in terms of wireless, I think it's too early. We just introduced the bring your own device. We like it. It's operationally working well. But it's a little early to go into any detail in terms of the usage metrics and the follow-up around that. But we'll get back to you over time on that.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. If I can do one more on 5G, Brian, you mentioned continuing to work on this. What's your interest in either the millimeter wave spectrum auction later this year or maybe the CBRS auction next year? Thanks.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Yeah, I don't think we have any news today on that. When we're ready to talk about that, we will. But I think Dave's answer was pretty complete earlier on our view of 5G. Thanks.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, Brian.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: All right. Thanks, Phil. We'll make this the last question.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. You mentioned in prepared remarks that you are offering the gigabit speeds in 90%, I think, of your homes. Can you talk about how many people are actually taking these speeds? Or is it still really, really early? And then, secondly, one clarification on the Charter JV. This is clearly different than the agreement you signed last year. So I assume there is no renewal of the prior-year agreement and that this, whatever was announced, is all encompassing? Or am I wrong there?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Well, first off, on gigabit, yeah, it is too early to talk about it. But we're primarily focused on just getting it rolled out. So that's the main thing, and putting it in a premium position. So it's a little early to talk about customers. On the Charter...
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So, I just want to clarify you are not offering it to customers yet? You're just...
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: No, we are. We absolutely are.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Yeah. No. It's launched and available 90%.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: So in terms of Charter, the aspect that you are talking about is still in effect and through May. But this agreement that we just talked is really for the operational partnership. And that's going to be the relationship that will carry forward.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Okay. And I just would add that I think great collaboration between ourselves and Charter and we'll keep informing you as that goes forward. But I just want to end by saying, Dave, you are doing a great job. Steve, the team is off to a strong start in the year. And we're looking forward to a great 2018. Thank you all for your support.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Okay. Thanks, everyone. Regina, back to you.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:00 PM Eastern time. It will run through Wednesday, May 2 at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056 and the Conference ID number is 2589896. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason Armstrong - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance Brian Roberts - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mike Cavanagh - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dave Watson - Senior Executive Vice President Steve Burke - Senior Executive Vice President, NBCUniversal
Analysts: Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Phil Cusick - JP Morgan John Hodulik - UBS Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Vijay Jayant - Evercore-ISI Jason Bazinet - Citi Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Finance Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke and Dave Watson. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks and Steve and Dave will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to Slide number 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you this conference call may include forward-looking statements, subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Across Comcast, NBCUniversal our company is executing at a high level and I'm proud to report fantastic results for both the fourth quarter and full year 2017. Starting with the fourth quarter Cable Communications, we continue to have strength in our connectivity businesses where we added 350,000 net new broadband customers and increased business services revenue by 12.2%, as well as continued improvements as results of our investments in the customer experience. At NBCUniversal we had a terrific quarter driven by robust affiliate fees and retrans growth, a successful holiday season at our Theme Parks capping off a great 2017 and record profitability at Filmed. Perhaps even better this exceptional performance in 2017 positions us well as we enter 2018. The recent passage of tax reform provides real and immediate benefits for our company that will further enhance our financial position and will in turn enable us to do more of the things that help us better serve our customers, our employees and the communities where we operate as well as drive value for our shareholders. This means continuing to develop the most innovative products and services, investing where we see high returns and opportunities to drive growth including in our broadband network, TV, Filmed and Theme Park offerings and continuing to deliver a healthy return of capital to shareholders. Based on this solid foundation and our confidence in our outlook today we're announcing a 21% increase in our dividend which is our 10th consecutive annual increase. We also expect to repurchase at least $5 billion in stock in 2018. With that let me talk about a few of our achievements this past year. Our company has an excellent track record of delivering strong, consistent results and this continued in 2017 with EBITDA growth of 6%. At Cable Communications we look to balance subscriber growth with financial performance and we achieved this in 2017. We increased EBITDA by 5% and added 770,000 net new customer relationships. During 2017, we continued to direct more of our strategic focus toward our connectivity businesses which collectively generated over $20 billion in revenues and grew 10%. This includes broadband where we added 1.2 million net new customers. We continue to differentiate in broadband with the deployment of DOCSIS 3.1 enabling gigabit speeds in our footprint xFi platform which gives customers more control of their in-home Wi-Fi experience. Business services exited the year at a $6.5 billion revenue run rate and what's particularly exciting is the room for growth ahead, as we have the opportunity to take more share in each of our customer segments. In 2017, we made an exciting new addition to our bundle with XFINITY Mobile and the service is off to a terrific start. After launching the business from ground up in May, we ended the year with more than 380,000 customer lines and real momentum. Customers have really responded to our unique By the Gig offering. The simple and intuitive ordering process and digital first customer experience. With XFINITY Mobile now fully rolled out in our retail stores and new features like our recent introduction of Bring Your Own Device. We're enthusiastic about what's coming in 2018. 2017 also brought a new normal to competition in video including more aggressive offers from traditional and emerging competitors. While we remained disciplined and are not in the business of chasing volume at any cost. We more than held our own in this environment. With our culture of innovation, we're well equipped to compete in this evolving marketplace. Our X1 platform enables us to be the aggregator of aggregators of the content our customers love and we're continuously improving X1 to deliver and even better experience. This past year we added many new features and functionalities to name a few, we integrated YouTube into the platform. Added new music experiences through Pandora and iHeartRadio and leverage the power of our amazing voice remote to give customers a unique way to vote on NBC's hit show the Voice. We now have nearly 20 million voice remotes deployed. Perhaps most significantly a cable, our ongoing efforts to improve the experience drove tangible benefits for our customers and to our financials this year. We were making measurable progress in many key areas and notably in 2017, we reduced calls handled by our agents by 10% and a percentage of customers interacting with us only digitally grew by double digits year-over-year. It's been an outstanding year for Cable Communications which speaks to the strong leadership from Dave Watson for many years and particularly since he took the CEO position last spring. At NBCUniversal achieving double-digit EBITDA growth for the fifth consecutive year was one of many highlights of 2017. In Filmed entertainment we crossed $5 billion in worldwide box office for the second time in Universal's 105-year history driven by a wide range of theatrical releases including key franchises like Fifty Shades and Fast and Furious. Continued success in animation with Despicable Me 3 and hits like Get Out, Split and Darkest Hour, 2017 was our filmed businesses most profitable year ever. In our Television businesses in an evolving media landscape having great content is critical and our portfolio of must see sports, news and entertainment stands out in this regard. In many instances we have more end users of our content than ever before. Our increased affiliate's fees in retrans resulting from successful distribution renewals as well as our strong content licensing growth in 2017 are evidence of the value of our portfolio. In addition NBC continues to lead in ratings winning the 52-week season for the fourth consecutive year and is currently ahead of the competition by a wide margin in this new season. Telemundo also remains number one following its first [technical difficultly] 2016, 2017 season. At Cable Networks USA was number one for an unprecedented 12th consecutive year. I'd like to congratulate MSNBC which had an impressive year with record ratings in total viewers and in demo across every day part and had the fastest growth among any cable network with 36% prime growth in demo. Finally our Universal theme parks continued to have great success in 2017 with 9% EBITDA growth driven by Harry Potter in Hollywood and new attractions like Volcano Bay in Orlando and Minion Park in Japan. I want to underscore how pleased we're with our Japan investment from just two years ago. As our 2017 performance across NBCUniversal demonstrates our wonderful team have put us in a position to succeed in these rapidly evolving media businesses in this changing landscape, not every company can say that. With the pace of change and the industry accelerating many of our peers are re-evaluating their strategies as we've seen recently. So along the way, there may be opportunities for us to create more value for our shareholders like we did with NBCUniversal. In this respect, it shouldn't be surprise that we study ever situation that comes along. We believe our shareholders expect this from us, but the bar's set high and we have been and will remain disciplined. Now let me talk about some of the things we were looking forward to across our business in 2018 and beyond. We're excited to have the Super Bowl in NBC and the Winter Olympics just days away. There is no better example of how our entire company works together than the Olympics. We're so proud to be the company that brings the games to millions of Americans combining the incredible and heart-warming storytelling from NBCUniversal with the world class technology of Comcast Cable. This year Comcast NBCUniversal will deliver the most live, the most mobile, the most technologically advanced Winter Olympics ever. NBC will provide a record 2,400 hours of coverage more than the last two Winter games combined and the best place to experience this coverage will be through our Olympics dashboard on X1, with new and enhanced content and features that will enable users to customize and control their experience across platforms. In our TV businesses with the Super Bowl and Winter Olympics as well as the World Cup on Telemundo later this year, we should further build on our ratings leadership from 2017. More broadly our strategy will continue to center on having must see content that drives mobile monetization streams from advertising to content licensing, to distribution on both traditional and emerging TV platforms. At theme parks, I was just in Orlando a couple weeks ago and came away feeling even more bullish on our outlook for the parks. In 2018, we will benefit from the full year of Volcano Bay and Minion Park as well as new attractions that leverage our intellectual property like Fast and Furious in Orlando and Kung Fu Panda in Hollywood. We also continue to make progress toward opening our new Beijing Theme Park in the next few years and have exciting growth plans for Japan. Finally in Filmed, while we will not beat our 2017 performance, we expect 2018 to be a solid year with some of our best franchises returning including Jurassic World and Fifty Shades. We're also excited for 2019 and beyond when a more robust animation slate is planned. Over Cable Communications, we expect another strong year in 2018 while video continues to evolve as I mentioned. We remained committed to innovating video and delivering the premier experience for customers through X1. And I'm really excited about our long runway ahead in high speed data. In 2018, we will continue to differentiate our product by providing gigabit speeds at scale, offering one of the most powerful gateways for the home and augmenting Wi-Fi coverage and control with xFi and the rollout of our fabulous little pods with connectivity increasingly at the epicentre of our relationship with customers. We have the opportunity to provide whole home solutions that integrate and help manage all of the devices our customers rely on. In Business Services, we're still in the early stages of bringing our superior products to the large addressable markets in mid-size and enterprise customers. And lastly in 2018, we will look to build on and accelerate our early success with XFINITY Mobile. So our plan is to continue to invest in product innovation while we strive to make interacting with us simpler and more consistent and increasingly all digital. This will improve the experience for our customers and also help us continue to take cost out of the business in 2018 as Mike will discuss in more detail. As we kick off 2018, I feel great about Comcast. We've significant momentum and we're building on our consistent investment growth and strength and look forward to an even more exciting future. Mike, over to you.
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks, Brian and good morning, everybody. I'll begin by reviewing our consolidated results on Slides 4 and 5. Revenue increased 4.2% to $21.9 billion for the fourth quarter and increased 5.1% to $84.5 billion for the full year. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA of $6.8 billion was relatively flat compared to last year and for the full year EBITDA of $28.1 billion increased 6.2%. Results for the quarter reflect healthy EBITDA growth of 4.2% and 6.4% for Cable and NBCUniversal respectively. The corporate and other results include $171 million related to a special employee bonus following the passage of tax reform and negative $176 million of EBITDA from the launch of our wireless business. Adjusted earnings per share increased 8.9% to $0.49 for the quarter and 18.4%, $2.06 for the year. These results exclude $12.7 billion of net income tax benefits primarily associated with a change in our deferred income tax liability as a result of the 2017 tax reform legislation. Details of our EPS adjustments are provided in table four and our press release. And finally free cash flow was $2 billion in the quarter and $9.6 billion for the full year. Now let's turn to Cable Communications on Slide 6. Before going into the details of the quarter I'd like to provide a couple of highlights for the year in the Cable Communications business. Our full year cable revenue increased 4.9% and EBITDA increased 5.3% while we grew customer relationships by 770,000 to more than 29 million. These results were driven by our connectivity businesses including high speed data and business services which totaled more than $20 billion in revenue which grew over 10% in 2017. We were focused on striking the right balance between strong financial results and growth in our customer metrics and we believe our results clearly reflect this effort. Now let's dive into the details of our quarterly results. revenue increased 3.4% to $13.3 billion and EBITDA increased 4.2% to $5.4 billion in the fourth quarter. starting with our residential business, high speed internet continues to the largest contributor overall cable with revenue increasing 8.4% to $3.8 billion in the quarter. these results were driven by a net increase in our customer base adding 318,000 net new residential high speed internet customers as well as rate adjustments. Our customers continue to get more value with their subscriptions as they use our products more and benefit from our increasing speeds. Our customers median monthly data usage was 131 gigabits per month for the second half of 2017 an increase of 48% year-over-year. And at year end, 75% of our residential customers received speeds of 100 megabits per second of higher compared to about 50% a year ago reflecting our efforts to lift baseline speeds across our entire customer base. We were focused on driving market share gains by continuing to enhance our competitive differentiation with improvements to speed, coverage and control. We head into 2018 offering nearly 80% of our footprint, gigabit speeds enabled by DOCSIS 3.1 and our new advanced wireless gateway. In addition, we are rolling xFi pod extenders to increased Wi-Fi coverage in the home and our xFi app which offers an unrivaled level of control. With our current broadband penetration of homes and businesses past 45%, we believe we've plenty of runway for continued high speed data customer growth. Switching to video, revenue increased 1.5% to $5.7 billion in the quarter primarily due to rate adjustments as well as customer subscribing additional services partially offset by the net loss of video customers. We had 38,000 residential video customer net losses in the quarter reflecting ongoing competition in the video marketplace. Our newest product for our cable customers is XFINITY Mobile which I'll comment on now even though the results are reported in corporate during the launch period of the business. We're off to a great start ending the year with over 380,000 customer lines having added 187,000 lines in the quarter. we believe XFINITY Mobile is a big opportunity to continue to drive the bundling strategy of the cable business. Financially, we had a $480 million EBITDA loss for 2017 and in 2018 wireless EBITDA losses could be a $200 million higher reflecting our expectation of a successful ramp in subscriber acquisitions. Moving onto business services, which continues to be a top driver of overall cable results we delivered another strong quarter of double-digit growth with revenue increasing 12.2% to $1.6 billion during the quarter primarily driven by customer growth. We added 33,000 business customer relationships in the quarter and 135,000 relationships for the year and grew revenue per business customer relationship by 5%, all business services segments small, medium-sized and now enterprise are focused on connectivity and have substantial room for future growth. Turning to Slide 7, cable expenses and margin. Our fourth quarter EBITDA margin was 40.7% up 30 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. Our full year EBITDA margin of 40.3% was up 10 basis points compared to the prior year. for 2018, we believe our margins could be as much as 50 basis points higher than the 2017 full year results reflecting growth in our high margin connectivity businesses and our focus on cost controls. Programming expenses increased 10% during the quarter and 11.5% for the full year reflecting the timing of several contract revenues. In 2018 we expect programming cost growth to meaningfully moderate from the higher than normal years we experienced in 2016 and 2017. Non-programming expenses declined 1.5% this quarter and were relatively flat for the full year. this reflects the benefits of the investments we made in customer experience initiatives as well as disciplined cost management overall. Notably, customer service expense declined 2% this quarter and 1.1% for the year, even as customer relationships grew by 2.7%. in 2018, we expect to see continued benefits from our customer experience initiatives and focus on disciplined cost management. Now let's move on to NBCUniversal's results. On Slide 8, NBCUniversal's revenues increased 3.9% and EBITDA increased 6.4% to $1.9 billion in the quarter. Cable Networks delivered another quarter of strong growth with revenue increasing 7.5% and EBITDA up 9.1% to $1 billion. Distribution revenue increased 6.7% this quarter to $1.5 billion reflecting the continued benefit of previous renewals of distribution agreements partially offset by decline in subscribers at our cable networks. Content licensing and other revenue of $282 million increased 34.5% due to the timing of content provided under licensing agreements. Last, advertising revenue of $878 million increased 2.3% reflecting strong pricing that was partially offset by ratings declines and the impact of channel closures. Broadcast television revenue increased 4.1% and EBITDA declined 26.3% to $194 million. These results reflect strong retransmission and content licensing revenue offset by lower advertising revenue and higher programming and production spending. Retransmission consent fees increased nearly 70% to about $360 million. Content licensing revenue of $632 million increased 19%. Offsetting this growth was 6.5% decline in advertising revenue reflecting strong pricing that was more than offset by ratings declines including the NFL and the absence of political advertising revenue at our local stations. In addition, we experienced higher programming and production cost this quarter, driven by increased sports cost including an extra Thursday night football game. In 2018, we expect to start the year strong with the Super Bowl and Olympics. Additionally, we expect retransmission revenue to increase by approximately $200 million to $1.6 billion. Filmed revenue declined 5.2% but EBITDA increased 89.7%, $230 million driven by the carry over benefits of several successful films released earlier this year. As Brian noted, filmed delivered its most profitable year in its history with EBITDA growth 83% to $1.3 billion. While these results set a high bar, we're excited to have the return of some of our biggest franchises with Jurassic World II and the third instalment of Fifty Shades in 2018. Finally theme parks revenue increased 8.7% and EBITDA increased 3.2% to $661 million. These results reflect relatively stable attendance and healthy growth in per capita spending despite unfavorable weather in Japan and having lapped [ph] reopening of Harry Potter in Hollywood. We're benefiting from new attractions like Minion Park in Japan and Volcano Bay in Orlando as well as the continued success of Harry Potter at each of the parks. Partially offsetting these results with a negative impact of a weaker Japanese Yen and increased spending on a brand marketing campaign across our portfolio. In 2018, we expect to benefit from the full year of Volcano Bay in Orlando and Minion Park in Japan as well as new attractions opening like the Fast ride in Orlando and Kung Fu Panda in Hollywood. Now let's move on to Slide 9 to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. Consolidated CapEx increased 5.4% to $2.7 billion in the fourth quarter and 4.5% to $9.6 billion for the year. at Cable Communications, capital expenditures increased 2.8% to $2.2 billion for the quarter and increased 4.7% to $8 billion for the full year resulting in capital intensity of 15.1% in line with the plan we outlined at the beginning of 2017. As expected investments in customer premise equipment including X1 and wireless gateways remained the largest components of our capital expenditures, but declined for the full year. We increased the investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity and increased investments in line extensions to reach more business and residential customer addresses. For 2018, spending on customer premise equipment is expected to continue to decline. With X1 now deployed to nearly 60% of our residential video base, the pace of our rollout is started to slow. On the other hand, our spending on our network will continue to increase. As a result we expect cable capital expenditures overall to increase in 2018 although we believe our capital intensity could be favorable relative to 2017 by as much as 50 basis points. At NBCUniversal fourth quarter capital expenditures increased 13.6% to $525 million and on a full year basis CapEx increased 3.4% to $1.5 billion reflecting investments in theme parks and infrastructure. For 2018, we expect to once again increase capital spending at NBCUniversal with the majority of the investment directed to our theme parks. Our formula to consistently invest in new attractions at our parks has driven very strong returns and we expect that trend will continue. And now finishing up on Slide 10, let's cover return of capital. Let me start by spending a minute on tax reform and its impact. In terms of our gap tax rate without tax reform it would have been in the 35% to 37% range in 2018. With tax reform we expect our gap tax rate to be in the 24% to 26% range. For cash taxes, we expect an even larger impact as our cash tax rate will also benefit from the full and immediate expensing of our eligible capital spending for five years. So that's the impact of tax reform on our go forward gap and cash taxes. In terms of what we're doing with the benefit of tax reform. Our first action was the announcement of a special bonus to eligible employees in December. Second, we've identified additional areas of capital investment back into the businesses that now makes economic sense post tax reform as I just discussed. And finally, we will augment our already strong capital return plan as I'll cover now. As I mentioned earlier, we generated $9.6 billion in free cash flow during 2017. We returned $7.9 billion of that shareholders comprised of $2.9 billion in dividends and $5 billion in share repurchases and we ended the year at 2.2 times net leverage flat compared to the prior year. For 2018, we'll continue to execute our balance capital allocation approach that we've discussed many times. We're increasing our dividend 21% to $0.76 per share. this strong increase reflects confidence in the underlying health and momentum in our business coupled with benefits from tax reform. In addition, we expect to repurchase at least $5 billion of our stock in 2018. Any buyback we do above that minimum will be in the context of our balance sheet, which we want to be very strong given its strategic value. Expressing that in numbers, we've added net leverage ratio of around 2.2 times for a while now. Higher than the 1.5 to two times range that was in place as I've arrived several years ago. Since then we've bought the Japan Park in DreamWorks while keeping our dividend growing and our buyback steady. Now given the higher conversion rate of EBITDA to free cash flow resulting from tax reform I don't expect we would need to see our leverage ratio declined below around 2.2 times in order to be very confident in the strength of our balance sheet. Hence the guidance of a minimum of $5 billion in buybacks in 2018. Now before we go to Q&A, I'd like to take care of one housekeeping item. By the end of February we plan to issue restated trending schedules to reflect the adoption of the new revenue recognition accounting standard which was effective January 1, 2018. The impact for Comcast will primarily be in our cable business with adjustments across some line items that will result in both higher revenue and higher expenses but overall and importantly for Comcast there will be no material impact EPS or free cash flow; so that's all for that item. So I'll end by echoing Brian's comments about our strong 2017 performance and optimism in our positioning and execution as we head into 2018. Now Jason over to you for Q&A.
Jason Armstrong: Great. Thanks Mike. Thank you Mike. Regina, let's open up the call for Q&A please.
Q - Ben Swinburne: Brian, you talked a lot about connectivity in your prepared remarks and I think the market is very focused certainly on your runway in broadband. When you look at your three-year or longer term products roadmap for connectivity in broadband. What are the things that you're most excited about to keep that business growing and specifically I'm wondering consumers use to pay just for access to the internet but obviously the number of devices is growing, coverage is more important, you've added mobile what are things that you think keep that business taking share and what does [indiscernible] maturing business and then I just had a quick follow-up for Mike.
Brian Roberts: Well let me start and then I'd like to kick it over to Dave Watson. First of all, it's absolute penetration it is about 48%, let me correct that, 40% growth opportunity and but the absolute penetration where are in broadband start with that, as an industry and where are we with our competitors. And how good is our product. I feel really good about the roadmap for that. number two, we launched a mobile product for our broadband customers we're really excited about that. we talked about the speed and pods and the connectivity and coverage. Then you've got smart home, you look at CES. Everything at CES is all about what's going to happen to the home of the future in the next three years, five years, 10 years. It's hard to know exactly when any of those items will explode, you look at our bit per home consumption rate and that is up again even more this year. so that's why we like the business so much and ultimately you boil it all down to that. we love all those bits to be our bits, but that doesn't matter. We want to give customers an incredible experience. We want to be the best and that requires investment and innovation and that's really I think the pivot that the company has been making over several years and this year's results and the fourth quarter results I think demonstrate real strength in this business. Dave?
Dave Watson: Well as Brian said I think there is the growth opportunities both in market share and rate. and if you look at the overall numbers of broadband, the overall broadband penetration being around 80% there is room just there. So home growth is solid in 2017, so home's past growing by 1.4%. the DSL base is still substantial so overall as you start there's room for growth. But what we're focused on is what's working. What's working is, this focus that Brian mentioned around innovation and we have a great scaled infrastructure, got 3.1 that's now at the end of the year at 80%. We'll complete that by the end of 2018, puts us in position to have very large scaled on gig rolled out. So as consumption and usage continues to climb, we're going to be ahead of the curve in terms of capacity. So and then the big three for us are speeds, we continue to increase speeds we've done that consistently the 16 times at the last 17 years and the new thing is, is coverage the combination of great devices best-in-class gateway devices that in off themselves provide great coverage, you marry that with the new pods the Wi-Fi extenders and so coverage I think is a great answer that will help us drive the business and then last is, being able to control all these things. So connect that modest rate increases, you're focusing on disciplined approach towards multi-product discounts making sure that the extent they just want broadband and [indiscernible], we'll be disciplined in that approach and so - and also, as consumption goes, we're going to be very focused on providing the best tier of broadband service for the customer. So there's opportunities and rate and growth.
Ben Swinburne: That's helpful. And just Mike on your last point on leverage I think I heard you say 2.2 is sort of where you think the company should be. I think at $5 billion you would delever pretty decently in 2018, so are you suggesting then that sort of the upside of that number comes from managing towards 2.2 based on what other capital allocation opportunities come your way this year, is that sort of how we should interpret that comment?
Mike Cavanagh: Sure. You should think about the comments in context of our capital allocation framework which doesn't change. This team's priority to balance three things; one invest in the business to keep it growing and optimize earnings power [ph] over the long-term; two is keep a very strong balance sheet and three is to, do healthy returns of capital of the shareholders. So I think with the framework we've just described saying a minimum of five and anchoring that to around 2.2 times leverage everybody with their own forecast - what's going to happen that's how you would find there to be upside in the buyback during the course of this year. obviously depending on us executing the balance strategy I just described.
Ben Swinburne: That's helpful. Thank you both.
Jason Armstrong: Great, thanks Ben. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Cusick: Brian, two quick ones if I can. Brian, can you talk about what the bar might look like for US and International M&A and given a lot of deals in the front of DOJ today. Do you want to see some better direction before getting involved? And then in wireless you mentioned the potential for acceleration in 2018. Are you now confident that the business is attractive and you have the right model and now is really the time to let it start to spin up? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Let me kick over to Dave to start on the wireless question first.
Dave Watson: In mobile while it's early Phil that we're really pleased with the early stage results. we launched in May. As Mike said early, we achieved 380,000 lines so there is solid momentum as we approach. We like our game plan we like the fact that's connected to our existing business lines and it's a really simple product approach that can scale and so strong digital focus experience. What we're finding is, that By the Gig approach is very attractive to most of the customers are taking out, we still sell on limited but it's - I think in very unique position as we scale this to do both. So it's early still and just brandings kicking in and we're expanding distribution to our existing retail locations and we're going to begin to package it with our other lines of business including broadband so it gives us just real packaging optionality, so I think we're well positioned going into 2018 as we scale mobile.
Brian Roberts: Let me just reiterate as I said earlier. We always are looking for ways to create more value for shareholders from opportunities as Mike just described where we find capital to invest in the business or new businesses like Dave just talked about in wireless or what we're doing with the Olympics. At the same time, you look at in organic opportunities that come along and you have a bar. I think I say that there is nothing we feel we have to acquire and I think that's an important point to emphasize. So I think we set it high I don't know how to articulate that except to look to our track record and we've created value for shareholders for I think in almost every instance and that's certainly the goal when we do so. So our most recent example would be the Japan theme park and stay tuned, we'll see if we can execute but so far we feel terrific about that and obviously NBCUniversal as I mentioned before is the biggest example. So we don't talk about specific situations and I hope that helps to clarify.
Phil Cusick: Thanks Brian.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you Phil. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Maybe one for Mike and one for Dave. First Mike some good data on the effective tax reform. Can you give us a better sense of sort of the dollar savings that you expect from if you're looking from 2017 to 2018 just to get a better sense of how much growth we're going to see off that $9.6 billion in free cash flow? And then for Dave on the video business, definitely some solid numbers from a subscriber standpoint. Can you give us a sense of what you're saying in terms of pressure from sort of live streaming providers? Does that change since we went from quarter-to-quarter? and then maybe an outlook on what you expect from a programming cost growth number for next year? thanks.
Mike Cavanagh: John, it's Mike. So I'll tell you how to think about the impact, but everybody has again got the wrong forecast rather than fixing numbers for you. What I said is about 11 points decline in the gap tax rate which will also improve cash taxes by the same magnitude, so use your own estimate of what our pre-tax income is next year and you'll get that. but then obviously on top of that, we get to immediately expense the eligible amount of $10 billion capital or so we're putting in and so you can take swag at that. It's meaningful obviously but those are the two key pieces that drive it.
John Hodulik: The CapEx you expect, vast majority to be expensable [ph]?
Mike Cavanagh: Yes.
John Hodulik: All right. Thanks.
Dave Watson: So John on the video side, it is definitely very competitive video environment then we really don't expect to level a competition to diminish. However, we're going to continue to aggressively compete for profitable video relationships and our approach what is working and we made some a very moderate adjustments as how we compete that, I think have helped us in Q4 but we're going to continue to segment the marketplace and we've introduced new services like Instant TV, which is our streaming cable network delivered product without a set top box, going to use that on a targeted basis. Our focus is going to be bundling, full bundles leveraging best-in-class X1 and broadband, that packaging it is working and so we feel good about Q4, it is competitive and so we're going to stay at it. But the thing that I think is important to note, that we've seen this adjustment coming in terms of this marketplace. The intensity over the top new entrants and based on that while we're going to compete aggressively across the board for good video customers. We have transitioned more and more towards broadband and so broadband is a centerpiece for us. We're going to have good balance on profitable growth, leveraging broadband. We expect to compete aggressively in video and leverage some of the new things we're doing, but we just don't see the environment shifting too much from what we saw at the end of last year.
John Hodulik: All right, thanks guys.
Dave Watson: To last point on programming cost. I think as Mike said it was to expect moderate decrease and so I think some of the timing of the relationships are focused around this is margin and we stay extremely focused on overall margin programming is one piece of it but because you know we're very focused on the experience taking transactions out and you look at things like to the extent that we're adding which we are, customer relationships and the fact that we've taken out just lots and lots of transactions out, that's as importance as anything, but programming cost we do expect to moderately decrease.
Mike Cavanagh: And obviously it's Mike to chime in there. That translates into the as much as 50 basis points improvement in margins for cable for 2018.
John Hodulik: Great, thanks guys.
Jason Armstrong: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Cohen: I almost don't know where to start but I guess first sort of combined Cable NBCU question. At CES few weeks ago, Comcast Cable and NBCU seemed to be front and center of the industry for addressable advertising both in terms of the platform and the services you're offering. And Marcien Jenckes, Linda Yaccarino were right there. And seem to be an industry leading position. So can you just talk a little bit about where do you think the industry and company is within that in terms of regaining dollars lost from traditional media to the newer platforms. Can you just give us any color on what you're doing or what you're expecting? And then for NBCU specifically, can you talk a little bit Steve. I know you're on about the integration of DreamWorks animation and does that help you in your efforts and consumer products. And if I can just throw in one for Brian as a follow-up to the M&A topic. There seems to be some really clear opportunities in both media and distribution amid an obvious restructuring or coming restructuring of the industry. But there are also so many different forces playing out right now with the same companies are investing so heavily in premium video in ways we've never seen yet you have this unpredictability in Washington and what can get approved and not approved. So can you just give us color on how you're thinking of getting, are you getting pushed in one direction or another in terms of media content or distribution?
Steve Burke: So I'll answer two of your four or five questions and then pass to Dave or Brian, but and let me start with DreamWorks. We bought DreamWorks 18 months or so ago and have completely retooled the flow of releases. We actually have a slow year this year and then next year in 2019 we'll have couple releases and then should have two releases every year thereafter and if you combine that with a couple of releases from Illumination, we should have four animated films and good full throttle a year. we're very happy with the progress we've made at DreamWorks and you can imagine a year when we have four great animated films what that will do to our films OCF. At the same time, we very much believe that we need to have the ecosystem of new IP, strong consumer products and then appearance in our theme parks and we've got that cranked up now. We've made a lot of investments and seen a lot of growth in consumer products in the last couple of years, those results are embedded in the record year that our filmed group that and you're going to see that continue in the future. The ultimate pay off being when you've created enough IP to really leverage that consumer products capability, that capability is worldwide. We're opening offices overseas, taking back agent relationships, with employee relationships. I think consumer products is a big upside for NBCUniversal. In terms of the advertising, it's impossible not to see the strength particularly of Facebook and Google really the dominance of Facebook and Google in terms of digital advertising and a lot of the growth in ecosystem is going toward digital and we're not participating in that growth to the degree that we should be given the span of our assets. The good news is television advertising is roughly flat, if you combine the negative effect of ratings decline and the positive effect of CPMs. Depends on the company, depends on broadcasting cable, depends on the quarter. but television advertising is holding its own. Our dream and it should be the dream of anybody who's got assets like ours is to take our television advertising and make it more targetable, more addressable and have more the characteristic that digital has and then overtime have more of our advertising be effected by the technology that digital provides. We've made a lot of progress on that, we've made a lot of investments in Vox and BuzzFeed and Snap. We've made a lot of progress in terms of how we monetize online and how monetize on the VoD platform particularly with Comcast Cable but there's a lot more to do and I think what you heard at CES is the number of plans that we have. We've rolled out - Linda probably has four, five different products that she's currently in the market selling that have aspects of interactivity and overlaying Comcast data and markets and there is a lot more to go as far as that goes. The good news is television advertising I think is holding its own and as we head off to the Super Bowl and the Olympics it's not lost on us, that if you're a big advertiser and you want to launch big brands and really make a material change in the way consumers think about you, you have to be in a big events on TV and we've something like two-thirds of all the big nights on broadcast television in the next 12 months. We think we're well positioned for the ecosystem where it is, but we're hard at work creating the ecosystem that should be there, that gives television all the positives that digital has.
Dave Watson: And Jessica, Dave. As Steve said one of the things on the cable side that we're focused on. Is being able to pull together the platform that could pull together all the content and our first wave that Marcien is helping us stay very focused on is VoD. So the VoD addressability is up and running having success with that. but really our - the transition continues to stay focused on VoD linear online all coming together. I think cable and distribution we have a unique opportunity to pull all these things together. So Marcien has done a nice job pulling together the platform elements that put us in position to make these things happen.
Brian Roberts: Just to the other question. I think probably we covered it a little bit in theory in my prior conversation and I think it's an interesting time and the business opportunities are being created, some of those opportunities are negative and some are positive. I think our jobs are to study and understand where to grow. And I think Dave acknowledging that we saw changes in video coming as for instance and put our innovation efforts around broadband it's just - but an example that I think the emphasis on theme parks which we didn't anticipate when we bought NBCUniversal but we saw opportunities there as for instance. So let's leave it that for now, it's kind of the thing we'll talk about overtime some of your prediction of restructuring of the industry let's see if that all plays out that way and there will be more information in the quarters ahead.
Jessica Cohen: Okay, thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Jessica. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Marci Ryvicker: I've two questions for Mike and then one for Steve. So first Mike, it's sounds like XFINITY Mobile is staying in corporate. I guess at what point you put this in Cable Communications, do you wait until this is profitable? And then secondly it sounds like the programming costs are driving, the majority of the 50 basis point improvement in cable margins, so are we interpreting that correctly. And then for Steve you have a very unique portfolio coming into the year in terms of advertising [indiscernible] Super Bowl and the Olympics. But do you have any sense what advertisers are going to do with their excess cash from tax reform on their own balance sheet? So are you hearing that anymore advertising dollars might come into the system and go towards [indiscernible].
Mike Cavanagh: Thanks, Marci. So it's Mike. The XFINITY Mobile expected to stay in corporate for all of 2018 probably if I had to guess all 2019 [ph]. The idea here is to obviously share the information, we do share you'll see everything that matters, but not to have the - as we're ramping that business. It's obviously would otherwise distort core business in cable. So we'll talk about and share it with you, but I think putting it where we put it is intended to be transparent and clear, so you can judge the business from a bunch of different angles, so couple of years would be my answer on that. And then on margin improvement I'm going to make sure you get the number right. As much as 50 basis points I might have heard you say 15. It's really the sum of two things, it is obviously the easing of programming cost increases which we had two big years looking back to the years before this. Dave and team they have done a great job managing all parts of the cost base away from programming and that's continued. So I would give credit over a multi-year period say that it's the focus on being efficient in all categories that's contributing to this year's margin changes not just programming.
Steve Burke: So in terms of advertising, we're 10 days away from the Super Bowl and as we head into the Super Bowl, we're averaging about $5 million a unit which is up call it 15% or 20% we think from last year and we're essentially sold out. So if you're looking for sort of an immediate sign as to how hot the market is, as far as the Super Bowl goes, it's pretty hot. I think television advertising ecosystem has been strong for a while now probably two or three years or strength. It feels like it might be getting a little stronger now. I don't think there is necessarily a direct correlation from the tax cuts and having more cash and throwing that into advertising I think it might be more related to just overall business sentiment, but to the degree that business sentiment is slightly stronger now than it was six months ago or stronger now than it was six months ago. I think you can kind of feel that coming into the advertising market and as we look forward into the upfront, which is only a few months away by all accounts it's going to be a strong upfront.
Jason Armstrong: The only other thing I would add, another theory would be that because the Eagles are in the Super Bowl [indiscernible] strong, but I'm not sure.
Marci Ryvicker: Great. Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, Marci. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant: I just wanted to - for Steve. The virtual MVPD growth over the last year and you know the impact on the underlying subscriber trends and the affiliate numbers and retransmission number looks pretty good at NBCU's broadcasting cable. So any color on how the underlying subscriber trends are there and then just a broad question on net neutrality and the reversal of the Title II, is there anything different that's going to be done now given that's probably not an overhang anymore on the broadband side of the business. Thank you.
Steve Burke: So I think when you're think about virtual MVPDs or MVPD changes in general from an NBCUniversal perspective we're really talking about tenths of a percentage point, you were not talking about major, major changes and the virtual MVPDs are accelerating as more of them getting into the business and their business grow, some of them are accelerating, but it's a relatively minor effect across the board for NBCUniversal and if you look at the last two or three quarters you'll see changes in the tenths of a percentage point but not percentage changes overall. I think we've said that we've supported free and Open Internet and we have been committed to enforceable Open Internet protection. We just thought Title II was unnecessary to guarantee consumers that Open Internet. So it's - we believe Congress will hopefully now have to put some enduring set of enforceable Open Internet protection that can no longer get revisited and reversed with different administration. So I do think it gave us the confident to make the statement that over the next five years we're going to have significant investment in our economy to the tuneable at least $50 billion. So we're moving forward investing and innovating and I think we look forward to someday putting this conversation behind us for everybody's sake.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks so much.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you Vijay. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: I just had a question for Mr. Burke. I guess if you guys do M&A, I hope everyone remember how almost universally negative they were on the NBCU acquisition when you did it because when I look at my numbers back in 2010 it was about 20% of your EBITDA and NBCU was made up almost 50% of the EBITDA dollar change for the last seven years. I think we all understand you've done a great job on a number of fronts. Park Studio, Telemundo, retrans. My question is, what leverage do you see left? In other words are there still big leverage that you see over the next two or three years or do you think NBCU's growth will begin to more closely resemble sort of industry's growth. Thank you.
Steve Burke: Well I think we still have a lot of opportunity and it's very, very hard to predict. When we bought the company seven years ago. I think the operating cash flow was about $3.5 billion and in this past year was about $8.2 billion and we never dreamt seven or eight years ago that we would get that kind of growth. We saw opportunities but we weren't articulated about the degree of that opportunity and it's equally difficult as you look into the future. But I think we have a lot of opportunity still, if you look at MSNBC beating CNN almost every night and beating Fox many nights. Fox news and the fact that MSNBC makes a fraction of what CNN and Fox news make. If you look at Telemundo beating Univision last year in primetime and Univision making a lot more money than Telemundo, if you look at our theme parks which are fantastic and every time we open new attractions we're seeing very, very substantial jumps in attendances and we have room for thousands more hotel rooms. If you look really across the board I think we still have a lot of opportunity. The fact of the matter is, NBC primetime is going from fourth to first and you can't be any better than first and Universal Pictures has had two out of three biggest years in its history in the last three years. So trees don't grow to the sky, but we still have a lot of opportunities. I think we have a great management team. We're allocating capital in a very rational way, we've a great culture. Everybody works together with symphony. So I'm optimistic we can continue to grow and we still have lots and lots of opportunities.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you Jason. Regina, we'll make this the last question please.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brett Feldman: Thanks for taking the question. And just a follow-up a little bit more on XFINITY Mobile. Mike mentioned that the EBITDA losses here I think we're a little greater than you had initially thought and there is going to be some incremental drag in 2018, it sounds like from his comments that the key variable there is just higher customer growth and therefore higher customer acquisition cost and I just want to confirm that's the right way of understanding that. and then you got to over 380,000 subs with pretty narrowing targeted distribution. I was hoping maybe if you could just expand upon what your plans are for this year particularly on the distribution standpoint in order to make sure you're able to keep that momentum going. Thanks.
Mike Cavanagh: Brett, it's Mike. [indiscernible] hand it over to Dave. So on this year's drag I'd say it's in line with what we had expected maybe a touch higher, but not meaningfully so and yes, what happens next year will very much be a function of the hope for ramping up subscriber acquisitions which obviously until we get to a level of sort of stability at a higher level than this, you'll be having increasing drag but that's a good thing as we're growing the business so we think it's going to be very valuable to the overall economics of the customer relationship.
Dave Watson: So from a distribution standpoint, one of the things we talked about early on, was our focus around digital. And having a great digital experience and through the sales process, through on boarding and so that's working. We're real pleased with digital as a channel. I mentioned retail, our existing retail locations don't feel we need to go a lot bigger, we have a long-term good plan, but we're introducing mobile into existing retail and we're having success there. It's early but I think a [indiscernible] scaled operations around retail experience and the last but not least, there's the introducing it, which we've done into our traditional inbound call centers which always do a good job with products. So I think you piece all these things together there is upside and opportunity as we expand distribution in mobile.
Brett Feldman: Thanks one quick question. I know you're targeting your existing base with this product. Are you finding that when you bring new customer relationships on, you're able to attach mobile at the box?
Dave Watson: As you just maybe heard, we just announced Bring Your Own Device nice new addition, so too early to give too much color on that, but it's a real opportunity both for existing customers and new customers being able to come in, bring their device and talk about transitioning over so, we're focused on balanced approach to existing customers but also more and more be reaching out to new customers and we'll talk about then the other lines of business in addition to not just mobile.
Brett Feldman: All right. Thanks for taking the question.
Dave Watson: Thank you all.
Jason Armstrong: Okay, thank you everyone for joining us this morning. We'll end the call. Regina back to you.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12 o' clock PM Eastern time. It will run through Thursday, January 31st at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 469-5509. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp. Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp. Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp. David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.
Analysts: Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US) Vijay Jayant - Evercore-ISI
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke and Dave Watson. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks and Steve and Dave will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to slide number 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you this conference call may include forward-looking statements, subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. I'm really proud of the company and our results this quarter, EBITDA increased by 5% and as you'll hear both parts of the company continue to perform really well and distinguish themselves with operational execution and focus. Our third quarter results at Cable Communications once again underscored the impressive consistency in this business with 5% revenue and 5% EBITDA growth. Excluding the estimated impacts from storms this quarter, we added 150,000 new customer relationships and would have had 6% EBITDA growth. We are on a path for continued balanced, profitable growth led by some of our highest margin segments as well as our ability to drive further operational improvements on the back of the investments we've made in the customer experience. We see lots of opportunity in our data connectivity businesses. Residential broadband and business services which combined generate over $20 billion in revenue per year growing right at around 10% and are accretive to our margins. And these areas are increasingly where we are directing our capital in the form of hyperbuilds to serve businesses pushing fiber further into our residential network and enhancing the speed, control and coverage aspects of our WiFi offering through our new wireless gateways xFi app and new xFi pod network extenders. In broadband we expect a strong end of the year and are on track to add over 1 million net new customers for the 12th year in a row. Our newest connectivity business, XFINITY Mobile really highlights the value of our broadband service by bundling access to the best high-speed Internet data with a unique wireless offering. We are pleased with the early results surpassing 250,000 customer lines in a short period of time since our launch in May, and we are poised to scale the product from here. In video new entrants, changing consumer habits and aggressive video activity from incumbents continue to result in a competitive landscape. We are well equipped to compete. A cheat channel package, bundled with our best in class broadband and other services is still the optimal choice for the majority of our customers. At the same time, we continue to explore innovative and economical ways to reach additional segments that we can serve profitably through products like our new Instant TV service. We believe this approach focusing on profitable whole-home economics is the right one and differentiates us from others and sets us up well for the future. So as the market for video shifts, I would make two observations. First, our broadband business is increasingly the epicenter of our relationship with customers and ultimately where we derive the majority of our profitability. Second, we are committed to the video business, we saw this evolution coming and think we have invested in the pieces that will ultimately define long-term profitable success, including X1, the best platform on the market with amazing features that really resonate with customers like our Emmy winning Voice Remote, the broadest aggregation of great content with the best in live linear and on-demand augmented now by the inclusion of Netflix and YouTube and others onto our platform. And if you haven't tried it lately you've got to because it gets better every month. In indication we offer an attractive and profitable relationship through packaging video with broadband. And finally, our ongoing effort to improve the customer experience accelerated this year and will continue to be an important driver in the future. We are now seeing results from the investments we have made in data analytics and other technology to better anticipate and diagnose service issues and to give our customers more control with digital tools like the My Account App. In the third quarter, we reduced customer calls handled by our agents by 4 million. We also increased the percentage of customer interactions completed digitally by double digits. So better service is not just critical for our customers, but is helping our financial performance and we believe there is a long runway for further progress. Mike will talk about this in more detail later. Turning to NBCUniversal, the exciting momentum continued in the third quarter with EBITDA increasing by nearly 20% when you exclude the Olympics last year. In our TV businesses, our strategy is centered on must-see content which is more crucial now than ever and in an evolving media ecosystem great content is the foundation of everything from traditional TV bundles and new virtual MPVD services to second-run monetization opportunities that can provide a boost to current-season shows and extend the life of the best libraries. We monetize our content in a variety of ways from advertising, distribution to legacy and new virtual MPVDs and through licensing it to multiple outlets. In fact, in many instances we have more end users of our content than we've ever had, the result is that while there may be a shift in where contributions are coming from, we've sustained terrific momentum. NBC finished the season ranked number one in primetime for the fourth consecutive year, winning by the widest margin of any network in six years. The network is in the lead for the new fall season as well driven by new shows like Will & Grace, and continued success including This Is Us and The Voice. At Cable Networks, we had the number one new cable series of the season with The Sinner on USA and rounding up the must-have lineup we will have three of the biggest events in television airing across our networks in 2018, just like we did in Rio, we will put the full support of Comcast NBCUniversal behind the PyeongChang Winter Olympics in February and we couldn't be more excited. We're thrilled to have the Super Bowl on NBC and the World Cup on Telemundo in 2018. At the Theme Parks, we had another excellent quarter with EBITDA increasing nearly 10%. This performance included strong results from Universal Studios Japan where the recently opened Minion Park attraction drove continued growth, a perfect example of leveraging our IP across businesses. Japan is having a record year highlighting what a terrific deal it has been for us since our initial investment in the park two years ago. Filmed Entertainment again delivered strong EBITDA growth driven by the third installment of Despicable Me, which helped Chris Meledandri's franchise become the highest grossing animated franchise of all time worldwide. As well as ongoing contributions from our robust slate in the first half of the year. Universal is on track to challenge and perhaps exceed 2015 as the most profitable year in its 100-plus year history, highlighting our successful strategy and great management team. Overall, I'm really pleased with the results this quarter. We have the right formula in place for continued growth through product leadership and financial discipline. Mike, over to you.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everybody. I'll begin by reviewing our consolidated results on slide 4. So, despite the impact of the hurricanes results in the third quarter were strong. Revenue of $21 billion declined 1.6% as reported and increased 5.8% excluding the Rio Olympics in last year's third quarter. Year-to-date, revenue increased 8.2% excluding the Rio Olympics. Adjusted EBITDA of $7.2 billion grew 5% versus last year's third quarter and on a year-to-date basis, EBITDA grew 8.4%. Free cash flow was $2.3 billion in the quarter and $7.6 billion on a year-to-date basis. And finally, adjusted earnings per share increased 13% to $0.52 a share. So now let's go deeper into the businesses starting with Cable Communications on slide 5. Cable Communications revenue increased 5.1% to $13.2 billion, and EBITDA increased 5.2% to $5.2 billion, resulting in a margin of 39.7%, flat to last year's third quarter. Customer relationships increased by 115,000 to more than 29 million, a 2.8% increase versus a year ago, and total revenue per customer relationship grew by 2.1%. The healthy revenue growth and consistent strong EBITDA growth of this quarter and the year-to-date highlight the importance and strength of our growing high-margin business services and high-speed Internet businesses, and the ongoing benefit of our investment in customer experience. Further, the Cable Communications business is focused on profitable growth by striking the right balance between improvements in our financial results, and our customer metrics were clearly reflected in the quarter's results. I'll spend a moment on how hurricanes Harvey and Irma impacted the cable business. First, our customer metrics were impacted as a result of the loss or severe damage to many homes we serve in these markets as well as a slowdown in new business activity during the storms. Excluding hurricane impacts, we estimate that we would have added approximately 150,000 customer relationships relative to the 115,000 reported, and we would have lost approximately 105,000 video customers relative to the 125,000 reported and added approximately 240,000 high-speed Internet customers versus the 214,000 reported. Our third quarter results capture the storm impacts on our customer metrics, and we do not expect any further impact. Second, the hurricanes reduced EBITDA by approximately $35 million, and adjusting for that, our EBITDA growth rate would have been a strong 6% increase versus the year ago quarter. The impact primarily reflects customer credits and waived fees as well as additional labor associated with plant repairs and higher call volumes. Our teams in Houston and Florida have done an incredible job fixing hurricane damage, and they continue to work diligently to ensure our network and operations are running smoothly. There's still a lot of work to be done, and we anticipate seeing a similar financial impact during the fourth quarter, after which we expect our operations to be fully back to normal. So that's it on storms. Now, let's go into our residential business results in Cable. High-speed Internet continues to be the largest contributor to overall Cable growth. Revenue increased 8.9% to $3.7 billion in the quarter, driven by an increase in our residential customer base and rate adjustments. We added 182,000 residential high-speed Internet customers in the quarter and added 1.1 million over the past 12 months, with our current broadband penetration of homes and businesses passed at 45%. We believe we have a long runway for continued HSD customer growth for several reasons. First, the broadband market is expanding as more Americans adopt high-speed data. Second, our homes passed have been growing at a healthy rate. And third, we are driving market share gains on the back of ongoing investment and innovation in our best-in-class broadband product. Customers are getting more value from their subscriptions with us and are using our product more and benefiting from increasing speed of our network. Specifically, median monthly data usage increased by 41% year-over-year and 55% of our residential customers now take speeds of 100 megabits per second or higher compared to 36% a year ago. Our plan is to continue to invest to enhance our competitive differentiation by improving speed, coverage and capabilities. For speed, today, we're rolling out DOCSIS 3.1, which efficiently enables us to offer gigabit speeds. We expect to have this available to the majority of our homes by year-end. And in terms of broadband coverage and capabilities, we've begun deploying our xFi advanced wireless gateways, the most powerful home gateway available on the market, capable of delivering gigabit WiFi speeds, empowering the most advanced connected homes. In addition, with our new xFi pod network extenders as well as the control features of our xFi app, we are further strengthening our WiFi experience and with it, our leading position in the broadband market. Switching to video, revenue increased 4.2% to $5.8 billion in the quarter, primarily due to rate adjustments as well as customers subscribing to additional services, revenue associated with a Pay-Per-View boxing event, which added about 100 basis points of revenue growth, partially offset by the net loss of video subscribers discussed earlier. As we have noted for many quarters now, there has been a continuous introduction of new entrants in the over-the-top video space. We've, obviously, known about and been expecting the impact of these competitors, understanding that customers will experiment with new services, especially in the early days when marketing and promotional activities by the new entrants are particularly intense. The competitive effect of the OTT competition appears broad-based across our footprint and has moderately accelerated as some additional new OTT players have recently launched. We continue to believe that our best-in-class video product, particularly when bundled with our broadband product represents a great value to our customers. Separately, but not unrelated to OTT competition, is the behavior of traditional competitors, with some responding more aggressively than others. In the third quarter, we experienced noticeable differences in our net customer metrics across the footprints of different competitors. We are carefully monitoring the effects of traditional competition, and we'll adjust our own approach to the marketplace to address any sustained pressure through the lens of balancing profitable growth with market share as described earlier. We believe our quality across every aspect of the video bundle gives us a competitive advantage. We have the most innovative video platform on the market with X1, which is now in 57% of our residential video customers' homes compared to about 45% a year ago. We continue to innovate and improve X1, continuously adding more content, integrating apps like Netflix and YouTube, making it easy to search all this content with our Voice Remote and offering a compelling TV Everywhere experience with our XFINITY Stream app. Finally, on the residential side, I want to emphasize our strategy of delivering great value through a bundled approach. That begins with our broadband product, coupled most commonly with video but we haven't stopped there. We are investing in other services that bring value to our customers by leveraging our place in the home and the importance of our connectivity services. We have a continuous effort to innovate and develop services that add value to our customers and deepen our relationship with them. We have good experience with this, having introduced Voice into 20% of our base in a relatively short period of time, and we see the next opportunity to expand our bundled customer offerings with XFINITY Home and XFINITY Mobile. We now have over one million XFINITY Home customers, almost double where we were two years ago with 90% subscribing a three or four product bundles. More recently, we launched our wireless service, XFINITY Mobile, which is available exclusively to customers who bundle it with our high-speed Internet product. As Brian pointed out, we are off to a great start, exceeding 250,000 customer lines in only a few months since our launch. Introducing these new products adds value to our customers as part of a multi-product bundle, deepens our relationship, thus improving retention and ultimately, benefiting lifetime customer economics for us. Moving on to business services, which continues to be a top driver of our overall Cable results. We delivered another strong quarter of double-digit growth with revenue increasing 12.6% to $1.6 billion during the quarter, primarily driven by customer growth. We added 31,000 business customer relationships and grew revenue per business customer relationship by 5%. The significant majority of business services revenue is centered on connectivity, and we have even more runway to increase share in our data product as we move to gigabit speeds throughout our footprint with the deployment of DOCSIS 3.1 and as we continue to push fiber deeper in our network. We continue to augment growth through business applications and services right on top of our core connectivity business. These include our voice, video surveillance and advanced WiFi products, and additionally, as we grow into the mid-sized business and enterprise segments, our recently launched SD-WAN product and our managed enterprise solutions business will help unlock new opportunities to serve branch offices of larger multi-site businesses. Turning to slide six. Programming expenses increased 12.4% during the quarter, including the additional costs associated with the Pay-Per-View boxing event. Year-to-date programming expenses increased 12%, reflecting the timing of several contracts that renewed at the end of last year. Non-programming expenses increased 0.6% this quarter and increased 1.1% for the year-to-date. This reflects the benefits of investments made in customer experience initiatives as well as disciplined cost management overall. Notably, customer service expense is essentially flat this quarter and down about 1% year-to-date even as customer relationships grew by nearly 3%. One example is the reduction in customer calls over the last year with general calls to agents down by 16 million or nearly 10% and calls from new customers during their first 90 days down by double-digit percentage. The investments in the customer experience are clearly working, and we believe we have the foundation in place to drive further improvement from here. Lastly, on our Cable Communications, third quarter EBITDA margin of 39.7% was flat compared to the third quarter of 2016. Our year-to-date EBITDA margin of 40.2% is up 10 basis points compared to the same period in 2016 even with the higher rate of programming expense growth and the impact of the two hurricanes. And finally, we continue to expect the full year 2017 EBITDA margin to be flat compared to the 2016 margin of 40.2% despite the impact of the hurricanes. Now let's move on to NBCUniversal's results. On slide seven, NBCUniversal's revenues decreased 12.7%, and EBITDA increased 6% in the quarter. Excluding the Olympics, revenue increased 6% and EBITDA was up nearly 20%. Cable Networks revenue declined 11.5% and increased 3.7% excluding the Olympics, driven by higher distribution and content licensing and other revenue. Distribution revenue continued to drive our results, increasing 4% this quarter to $1.5 billion. But for the timing effects of certain sports-related fees and the impact of channel closures, distribution revenue growth would have been consistent with the high-single digit growth we reported in the first half of the year, which was due to the major renewals at the beginning of the year. Content licensing and other revenue of $283 million increased 24%, reflecting the episodic nature of when deals are completed and content delivered under licensing agreements. Advertising revenue of $787 million declined 2.6%, reflecting higher rates that were more than offset by ratings declines. And finally, in Cable Net, EBITDA increased 1.5% to $905 million, reflecting the comparison with the Olympics last year. Broadcast Television revenue declined 30.9% but increased 12.3% excluding the Olympics. Retransmission consent fees increased more than 70% to nearly $360 million. Content licensing revenue of $440 million increased over 20%. In addition, excluding the Olympics, advertising revenue of $1.2 billion was relatively flat, the result of strong pricing offsetting ratings declines, consistent with recent trends. And finally, EBITDA decreased 15% to $321 million, again, reflecting the comparison with the Olympics last year. Filmed revenue was relatively flat, but EBITDA increased 11.9% to $394 million, reflecting the successful performance of Despicable Me 3, the carryover benefits of a very successful film slate in the first half of 2017 as well as higher content licensing driven by DreamWorks Kids TV. As Brian noted, film is on track to have one of its most profitable years in its history. Finally, Theme Parks revenue increased 7.7% and EBITDA increased 9.8% to $775 million. These strong results were driven by the launch of Minion Park in Japan and Volcano Bay in Orlando as well as the continued success from Harry Potter in Hollywood, which opened more than a year ago. These results include the impact of Hurricane Irma and the negative impact of a weaker Japanese yen. Now let's move to slide eight to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. Consolidated CapEx increased 1.2% to $2.4 billion in the third quarter. At Cable Communications, capital expenditures increased 0.8% to $2.1 billion in the quarter, resulting in capital intensity of 15.6%. For the full year, we continue to expect capital intensity to remain flat to 2016 at approximately 15% of total Cable Communications revenue. For the quarter, the increase in spending reflects a higher level of investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity and increased investments in line extensions, mostly offset by decreased spending on customer premise equipment. At NBCUniversal, third quarter capital expenditures increased 5.4% to $354 million, reflecting the timing of real estate and infrastructure spending as well as continued investment of Theme Parks. For the full year, we continue to expect NBCUniversal's capital expenditures to increase approximate 10% versus 2016. And now finishing up on slide nine. As mentioned earlier, we generated $2.3 billion in free cash flow in the quarter and $7.6 billion on a year-to-date basis. Our return of capital in the third quarter totaled $2.4 billion and $6 billion for the year-to-date. Dividend payments were $743 million in the third quarter, up 12.1% year-over-year and $2.1 billion year-to-date, up 10.5% year-over-year. Share repurchases were $1.7 billion in the third quarter, approximately 60% higher than the quarterly pace of the first half of the year. For the year-to-date, share repurchases totaled $3.8 billion. We continue to plan to return approximately $7.9 billion to shareholders for the full year in 2017, including $5 billion in share repurchases and $2.9 billion in dividends. And finally, we continue to be pleased with the health of our balance sheet ending the quarter at 2.2 times net leverage. So that concludes our summary of the quarter. We're clearly very pleased with our continued strong performance as well as our momentum heading into the fourth quarter. Now, I'll turn it back to Jason to lead the Q&A.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Great. Thanks, Mike. Regina, we'll turn it over to you for Q&A.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi, thank you. I want to sort of dig into a little bit sort of the transition that's going on from video-led to broadband-led financially. So when you lose a double-play or a triple-play customer and they become a single-play customer, can you sort of walk through all the different things that happen as that transition happens? How that customer's pricing changes and then what costs, besides just programming costs, shift? And so sort of what is that economic transition look like for your business? And how should we think about it going forward?
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Hey, Craig, this is Dave. So let me take that. And look, there has certainly been a fair amount of work out there on this very issue. I read your perspectives, specifically on it, and I agree with your point of view that as there is an economic shift when that happens in terms of if a customer selects broadband-only, there are higher margins in that, there's a higher rate for standalone service and a lower cost to deliver that product. So margins improve. But having said that, I think we're very different in that our definition of packaging is to profitably put together great products that drive engagement and usage. So we'll continue to stay very focused on X1 and broadband. But to the extent somebody does take broadband-only, the way we look at it and the way it breaks out, we take a very disciplined approach towards a premium product, which we're constantly raising the speeds for them. And we will charge more for on a stand-alone basis, so there are some bundling benefits to the extent that they don't take it then we charge more for on a stand-alone basis. Secondly, I also agree that there is upside economically and being able to go to that customer that may be enjoying video, over-the-top, whatever they're doing, and being able to upgrade them to higher tiers. So we also have good opportunity in terms of the cost of service, so there are improved economics in terms of the operating expenses. So this will drive ARPU, this improves margin. But again, let me also say that there's a broader opportunity. We're very different in the broad portfolio of products that we have being able to package whether it's mobile, whether it's home security, different tiers of service. Our general approach is to profitably package a wide variety of opportunities. And by the way, we will continue to focus on video. And we think there's a good opportunity to do that with broadband. But the economics, I think, are very encouraging to the extent that they do select broadband-only.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: I just want to add one other observation, which is, as this shift is occurring, the utility of broadband to the consumer is going up every year. So the bits per home in the last nine months or so appear to be about 40% more usage. So people are relying on the speed, the WiFi coverage, the video, whether it's our video or some other video, consumption has never been higher. NBC gets paid for a lot of that video consumption in different ways, in different models, which we can talk about. And then you don't have different CapEx requirements. So you add it all up. We've anticipated this shift that's coming. I think we've taken our innovation machine and pointed it as well now to broadband and broadband-only homes, and I think you'll see more of that coming in the future. We just launched YouTube, for instance, on X1. You're able to enjoy more video than ever. If you take our video, I think you're able to enjoy more video than ever if you don't take our video, but our broadband is the center, and that's why we're 25 million broadband, 22 million video. We saw the shift coming, we're pretty focused.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Great. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Craig. Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I have a question for Brian and then for either Dave or Mike, whoever wants to take it. Brian, on the mobile side, you guys now are in the market, you talked about how many customers you have and the iPhone 10 or X, whatever it's called, is a week away. Plus there's a lot happening in fixed, I know you guys have been sort of exploring 5G and other opportunities. Can you just maybe step back and tell us how you're thinking about wireless strategically longer term now that a sort of company-wide deployment of wireless is sort of right here? And then, just picking up on the last conversation about the broadband business and the shifting model. Dave or Mike, when you think about that shift, I think everyone understands, it's probably accretive to margins. Can you just talk about capital needs for the data business? You talked a lot about hyperbuilds and more fiber and line extensions. What are the CapEx needs as you guys try to really push your advantage in data versus the kind of spending we've seen at Cable over the last couple of years?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Well, I like our wireless strategy a lot. Wireless revenue is going backwards for a couple of companies that reported, and cash flow is the same. So that's a business where we have 0% market share. And so as we begin, and 250,000 subs is a great achievement, but its 250,000 subs, so we're very small. We're using wireless to help our very valuable broadband business. You can only get wireless if you take our broadband. And it's an extension of our broadband to what I was just commenting on earlier. And yet we've been able to say when we hit a certain scale, hopefully, the next year or so, we will then be able to be in a position where every sub is profitable on its own merits, and that's the nature of the wholesale relationships that we've made. And third, we have a very compelling offer to the consumer. You literally take money off your bill in almost every instance, you have tremendous flexibility and it's super simple and it's all digital. And you can get the newest devices as you alluded to. So I think it's a way for us to reinforce the strategy of the company that we were just talking about, which is to make that broadband relationship as increasingly useful and valuable and something as important as your mobile device.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: And then Ben, it's Mike. Thanks for the question. I'll start and Dave can finish. So on capital we'll, obviously, be back next call and talk about future outlook for CapEx in the Cable business. As we said, we'll be flat this year to last year at around 15% capital intensity. I think the important thing about the broadband business is yes, in-home equipment will be cheaper in a broadband model than a video model, and we've got the decline in X1 as we've been talking about. But on the other side, we are making sure that we invest increased speeds and make sure we innovate and add value in our broadband product given everything Brian just described about how important that is to the future of the company.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: It is very consistent with our current CapEx plan, investing in the network. We've been doing that. We anticipated it. So as we make this pivot, it's very consistent with our current capital program.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you both.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Ben. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I have a Cable and NBCU question. On the Cable side, obviously, a lot of the focus of this call is on broadband and you've discussed your strategy with speed coverage and capabilities. But do you think that's enough or how do you differentiate to consumers the product enough to drive pricing, particularly in light of so much competitive promotional activity? And then, I guess, the NBC question  do you want to answer that  and then I'll go to NBC?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Go ahead, go ahead, Jessica.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then NBC, there's so many parts to it that it's hard for you guys to talk on the call or in the press release about some of the drivers, but one of the little gems seems to be Telemundo, which has had phenomenal ratings success. Can you give us some color on kind of where you've been and where you think you can go or how quickly you can take share? And then if there's any comment at all on China given the recent elections and the political environment, is there any change to your strategy in that country whether Theme Parks or Film?
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Let me start, Jessica, with the broadband point. So I think our operating strategy with broadband as we make  continue to make this pivot and really focused innovation around a superior broadband experience kind of goes down into three buckets. One, we constantly focus on improving speed. We've been working for many years now on developing best-in-class gateway devices, so we improve coverage when we do that. And then with xFi, really, the first one out to develop an in-home superior control. So we're scaling 1 gig, but the widest footprint available out there in terms of 1 gig within our footprint. And so I really think when you combine speed with best-in-class WiFi, it really does point towards just a better answer for customers. And I think  as Mike said, I think there's a lot of runway left to grow the customer base, there's a runway on rate given our competitive differentiation around all those key areas. So I think there's still good opportunity.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: So on Telemundo, when we talk about broadcast, we always talk about NBC being number one for four years and This is Us and Sunday Night Football, but a real gem inside our company in terms of broadcast is Telemundo. And for those of you who don't follow it closely, for decades Univision beat Telemundo in primetime night after night after night by 1 million, 2 million people in the demo. And in the last broadcast year for the first time ever in primetime, Telemundo beat Univision. And if you look more recently since this new season started, we're winning almost every night, sometimes by 20%, 25% margin. So Telemundo is a big opportunity. Monetization tends to lag ratings performance. We saw this with NBC when it first started to return. So don't expect the same kind of jumps in terms of monetization immediately at Telemundo, but if we keep beating Univision, we should, at some point, catch up to Univision in terms of monetization and that would be a big swing from where Telemundo was just a few years ago. In terms of China, China we think is a very, very big opportunity for our company. We made virtually no money in China 5 years ago. This year, we'll make a couple hundred million dollars of OCF in China, primarily film and some SVOD and consumer products. We're spending a lot of time and attention getting a park in Beijing open where the visitation numbers, the tourist numbers in Beijing are just phenomenal. And we will be the only major US theme park in that area of China. And when that park opens, I think as a company, it's not unrealistic to assume we're going to make well over $1 billion in OCF. So from zero five years ago to over $1 billion in just a few more years once we get Beijing open.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jessica. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Mike, can you just clarify the comment you made on the fourth quarter? You mentioned competition is accelerating. I know you don't give guidance for that. Are you implying that sub-losses are accelerating from the third quarter, either absolute or year-over-year? And then the second question that we've gotten is as you've gone from gaining video subs to losing video subs, what kind of subs are you losing? Is it broad-based across your platform? Is it lower tier? Are they X1? Any color would be great. Thanks.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Well, I'll just say, no implication of acceleration there, but Dave can comment further. But really it continues to be competitive in the video space. But we've got quite a good set of tools in the video product with X1 and the like that while we continue to see the competitors out there, we're in a position to compete for the best customers out there.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Let me offer, Marci, a perspective on video. Given the  I think, again, we're very different in regards to not only broadband but video, as I mentioned before. If you look at the whole market in terms of the entire video market if it contracts people will pin it where it will be, but we're quite different. Yes, there'll be some pressure as more OTT competition comes in in different stages as they launch. But primarily because of X1 and our focus around innovation, I just think we're very different in our ability to compete. We have the best video product combined with the best broadband. And so you look at  we gained X1, we are up to now 57% penetration. And when you look at the performance of X1, it consistently delivers better churn results across, really, literally every tenure-based customers. So we see usage benefits, everything that we see around X1 continues to be positive. So while there is overall pressure, competitive pressure, I don't think the video market has settled overall. We like our position. And when you look at also, another validation around X1 as others select X1 including  we've talked about it before, whether it's Cox, whether it's many Canadian companies, the fact that they are taking in, and we've heard very good results from them as well, it's very consistent. So we're pleased with X1's overall performance, and I think it makes us a very different video competitor.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Marci. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Maybe you could talk about competition in broadband, obviously, you've seen a bit of a slowdown in terms of net adds. Is there a way to tease out sort of what the competitive backdrop is? Are you seeing  is it a function of more competition in terms of pricing on the DSL side, the expanded fiber-to-the-home footprint? Or maybe an attachment issue as it relates to video? I mean, you guys have added about 1.3 million subs the last few years, and you talked about adding a million. Are we looking at a different run rate and a different competitive backdrop? Thanks.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Well, I think, certainly, it's a unique competitive environment in that I mentioned there certainly are a handful of over-the-top folks that have entered the market in a relatively short period of time. I think when you have something like that, and you have legacy competitors that respond in different ways to a competitive environment. And on top of that, one telephone company added a little bit more broadband footprint on the low end. So when you have all those things together, yeah, there's going to be a little bit of shift competitively. As always, we've gone through competitive cycles. We make adjustments based on the competitive climate. And again, our focus is smart packaging and very focused leveraging our best products. And while there's some pressure on it, you look to the overall balance, you look to the overall cash flow performance that we have and even in a slightly tougher competitive environment, I like our results.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: So let me just add to that because the last point is obviously how we're managing the company for that balance, and we always can adjust that as we see things. But you also want to look a little longer term and say, what is your  what's your strategic long-term advantage. I think that's been embedded in some of the questions on broadband, particularly. And we're out with 1 gig is a big focus. We said a minimum of a million this year. We're off to a nice start in the fourth quarter in broadband. And the question is how good is the runway. And what I look at is 25 meg is the new DSL or something like that, is that just nice but not enough for what you want to do as you do shift your video behaviors and your Internet usage, and all the innovation coming from Silicon Valley and elsewhere is driving that 40% bit rate increase per home per year. And that's why we've increased speeds 12 years in a row. So we see a runway. We like our competitive advantage. People build new footprint that we've see these ups and downs come. You have to have a longer-term view and try to be steady and consistent, and that's what I think the way Dave is managing the company.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. If I could ask one quick follow-up on XFINITY Instant, you talked the launch of Mobile, but how has the launch gone for Instant TV? And is there a chance that over time that can help support and even drive broadband given the attachment there?
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Well, we launched it fully throughout the footprint end of September. As we mentioned before, I think Instant is a unique opportunity, really, going after a segment. And we take very segmented approach as to breaking down the marketplace. Without a set-top box, customer doesn't want it, it can deliver better margins. We're going to use it surgically. It's a good retention opportunity as well, being able to talk to customers that wanted to talk about their choice and their options. But it's not something  our go-to-market full approach is best of video X1, best of broadband, but we will use this surgically, and it's way early but pleased with just out of the gates response to it.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, John. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks. A question on margins in Cable. Can you talk, one, are we still headed to programming numbers headed more to the mid to high-single digits next year? And second, non-programming OpEx has been decelerating. And on a per customer relationship basis it's actually declining at an accelerating pace. Can this decline continue next year? And how do you think about that? Thanks.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Well, so we feel very good about what we've done this year in margins. So we'll be at flat to last year at 40.2%, which is for the year, and that's going to be inclusive of the storms and better than flat to 50% (46:35) when we started the year. And so, on your second point non-programming, I think Dave and team have been very focused on just driving better customer experience which is helping take cost out, a lot of reduction in calls and interactions, both for new customers, a lot more digital interactions, which are lowering cost as well. So I'd say on a non-programming expense side, it's just continuous focus on improvements, no one-offs and anything we've done in these past couple of periods of high programming cost increase. So I think Dave and team continue to be focused on that. We'll come back and talk about margins for next year when we get to the next call. But then on programming, we did say that next year, we start to see, and we do continue to expect to see significant relief the programming cost growth.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: So beyond that, the key focus that we have is around just expense discipline and really focusing on the customer experience. The best way, I think, to drive transactions out is continued focus on investing in the customer experience, and the benefits are just not a one-time event. So you look at, especially, as we are driving customer relationships, we're improving customer relationships, yet our non-programming OpEx continues to improve. So it's just a better answer for the customer and a better answer financially.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Phil. Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Just had a question for Mr. Roberts. In your press release, you talked about the broad range of growth opportunities. Now, it's just writing down sort of obvious ones from mobile to security, to the opportunity Mr. Burke talked about in China. If you could just rank order for us, maybe over a five-year period, what are the ones that you're most excited about in terms of driving EBITDA?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Well, I would start probably by saying if you've lumped, and I tried to do that a little bit earlier, and you call it broadband connectivity, both residential and business, that's now a $20 billion a year business. That is a big portion of our company. That's growing at double-digit revenue growth, and it's very accretive to our margin. So over the next five years, do I think broadband has opportunities to go to Internet of Things to smart home, to smart grid, to more consumption, whether it's video or 4K or virtual reality, augmented reality, pick your excitement and your probability and say will it be a good place for us to spend money to build capabilities that other companies don't have, fiber, backhaul, et cetera. So clearly, that would be on the list. I think in content, one of the things  Dave used the word differentiate. I think what Steve and the team have done at NBCUniversal, we have the fastest-growing media company by my observation by a lot, and we're a leader in a lot of categories. So there's  whether it was Telemundo or China or the theme parks in other places like Osaka, making us more of a global company, using our content to grow and to take advantage of new platforms and to study the changing landscape, are we going to be advantaged by that? I think so and in animation. What sometimes happens is you get so focused on the areas that decline that you forget to talk about the areas that grow. And so I very much think it's important to balance that. You can't ignore areas as they mature, but there's a culture in our company, it's very financially disciplined, and we look for profitable growth, and we keep using that phrase. And I think everybody in the company understands what that means. And the last point I would make is we have completely transformed ourselves in terms of innovation. And it's just unfortunate that most of you live in New York and some live in L.A. who make the content and they don't get to play with X1. But when you see the Olympics on X1 coming out in a couple of months, you will see a set of capabilities to help content reach consumers in a way that is unprecedented anywhere in the world on any platform. And if you want the best products, and you want increasingly the best service, you're going to come to our company and with the best content. And so I think we have a very unique, very special company.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Unknown Speaker: I'm obviously biased.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: All right. Thank you, Jason. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thanks. I think what would be really helpful just in terms of the questions we're getting from investors is to understand in the areas where you're seeing competition, how much of that is coming from AT&T going from 1 million fiber homes to 6 million fiber homes in the course of a very short space of time? We know they're taking share in those  in that portion of their footprint, in general, it would be great to know to what extent that's impacting trends in your business. Because that trend over the sort of the next three to four years, I think, was really was anticipated by the Street. Although it might not have been in 3Q numbers, it was a trend that we all knew that AT&T was going to 12.5 million or 14 million homes. And so how much of the impact is that versus really aggressive pricing for low-end products, would be really helpful. And then sorry to pile on, but to the extent that  in that portion of your footprint, if we could get some color on how much X1 impacts the competitive dynamics and what you might be able to do to increase X1 penetration in that footprint to stave off losses, that would be really helpful.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Okay. So let me start with broadband and AT&T. So there's no question they've added some more footprint in regards to some more, what I would call more low-end broadband. And so when you do that, you see some impact. Our game plan, we anticipated this, we, obviously, see some of this coming. And our view is to deliver the best product. And we will constantly increase speed, that's why we've been so focused on WiFi, we believe your broadband experience is defined on how great WiFi is, and that's why we've put as much effort into the best gateway device and including innovation like mesh WiFi capability in the home with Plume devices that really I think help us stand out. We always  we evaluate competition, we look at competition and whether it's slightly ebbs and flows a little bit more HSD only, we make adjustments, modest adjustments all the time. We're never going to chase low-end. Our general approach, we provide superior products, we differentiate around that, we'll continue to do so. So on X1, I mentioned before that it really is I think does make a difference. We're very different in regards to video competition. And I think the results reflect that. And if you look at the overall video market performance, for us to come in at perhaps 0.5 point, that's very different. And I think to some extent it's driven by X1. And so we look at the benefits of X1, how we compete in terms of acquiring customers, how we retain customers, there are churn benefits and there's revenue opportunities we continue to see. So our view is that X1 continues to give us a good answer in how we compete and we will remain disciplined going after better, more profitable video customers.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you Jonathan. We'll take one last question please.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore-ISI: Thanks. I'm going to  I think it's for Dave. I think one of the key things that we're trying to figure out, obviously, we know that broadband margins on a contribution basis is higher, but there's a lot of shared cost below across multiple products, but when you start to look at truck rolls and what the main reasons for that are and the calls coming in, what the main reasons for that are. So we had to sort of disaggregate the product that's been bundled unfortunately that's what we're trying to do. Any help on what those share cost mix is between the various products would be helpful? Any color on that? And then just very simply on Comcast has the best broadband offering in terms of speeds and capabilities, but if we price that product lower, would subscribers be higher, in the sense is there a real elasticity for subscriber growth if you price your product lower? Thank you.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Well, thank you. So we really don't breakout cost, but we do compete if we go after either low-end broadband offers and again, a good example of that is Instant TV, where you accompany a product that does not have a video set-top box being able to deliver it, or if it's HSD-only, it's easier to deliver through the self install kits that drive down cost, easier for customers to activate it on their own. So there are opportunities to drive down operating costs, but we don't break that out across the different product lines. So in terms of elasticity, we compete across a wide variety of broadband business. And our view is always that lead to a strength that we are different. We lead with the best product, put them together with great video. And we think, over time, we're going to have in terms of broadband performance, you've got to look at the entire year in terms of what we're doing, again, consecutive years we're going to deliver over 1 million broadband net customers and we just consistently do that over and over again. And as Brian said earlier, strong finish to the year is expected. And we think our ability to compete with what we have the best product is the answer.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Let me just say that without breaking out the cost that a majority of Cable's cash flow is broadband, not video, and that is because of programming costs and all the things that we've been talking about. We have now more subs. And let me just end by, again, going to one number that I'm proud of that, that for the first nine months, we're up 8.5% cash flows. I think we've got a balance between units, innovation, financial performance and great content and leadership in our two businesses. And we thank you for your support.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Brian. We'll wrap up the call there. Regina, back to you.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12 o' clock PM Eastern time. It will run through Thursday, November 2, at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 82436454. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp. Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp. Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp. David N. Watson - Comcast Corp. Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.
Analysts: Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke and Dave Watson. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks and Steve and Dave will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to slide number 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you this conference call may include forward-looking statements, subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. We had an excellent second quarter with revenue and EBITDA both increasing by 10%. This is a great result and is due to the broad-based momentum across all our businesses. It gives us the best first half EBITDA growth in six years. NBCUniversal's results stood out with EBITDA increasing by over 20% for the second consecutive quarter, reflecting strong contributions from all parts. So let me break this down by business starting with Theme Parks, which had another outstanding quarter of double-digit EBITDA growth. This quarter included the opening of our exciting new water theme park Volcano Bay in Orlando. And speaking from personal experience, it is truly extraordinary, from the use of innovative wearable technology to the amazing attractions, including a thrilling 125-foot drop-down of slide from the top of the volcano. In Japan, our timing was really good and we couldn't be more pleased with our acquisition of the remaining 49% of Universal Studios Japan, where the recent launch of Minion Park has significantly exceeded our early expectations. The region holds tremendous potential for us and Mike Cavanagh and I along with Tom Williams, who heads the Park business, just returned from a trip to China and we are as enthusiast as ever about bringing a spectacular theme park to Beijing. In Film, we continue to see success with theatrical releases after setting a new record for the biggest ever worldwide opening, Fate of the Furious, went on to become just the sixth film in history to cross $1 billion at the international box office and Universal's third-highest grossing movie ever. And Chris Meledandri's creative ability is on full display again with Despicable Me 3. The film's performance has been fantastic both domestically and internationally since its release at the end of June and was the largest ever debut for an animated movie in China. These incredible results are attributed to the management team's wonderful execution of our franchise-focused strategy along with global marketing and distribution efforts. In our TV businesses, our strategy to market and monetize NBCUniversal's unified portfolio of networks under one umbrella is working really well. On the distribution side, affiliate fees and retransmission fees continue to fuel good momentum. Our upfront performance proves that advertiser demand for high-quality TV content is really solid. During the upfront, we achieved high single-digit growth in CPMs, demonstrating the power of the big events we air across NBC broadcast, Telemundo and our Cable Networks. We think we had the most successful upfront of anyone in the industry. During the second quarter, NBC broadcast gained share from its peers helped by summer hits, including World Of Dance, the number one new entertainment series. NBC remains on track to win the 52-week season for the fourth consecutive year and by a substantial margin. At Cable Networks, MSNBC is a real bright spot with ratings in prime increasing nearly 80% year-over-year in the second quarter. Now turning to Cable Communications, our team's performance has been a model of consistency for us, and the second quarter was no different. Our results again demonstrated our balanced approach of driving profitable growth as we generated a healthy 5.4% increase in EBITDA, while also adding 114,000 net new customer relationships. Since taking the reins in April, Dave Watson has done a terrific job and the transition has been seamless. We are confident our team has the right strategy focusing on improving service with strong EBITDA growth and customer momentum. We're investing in innovation, differentiating our products and customer segmentation, highlighted by offerings like the X1 platform and our recently launched xFi experience for in-home broadband, as well as our ongoing rollout of DOCSIS 3.1 to enable gigabit speeds across our footprint. In addition, a relentless focus on customer service is translating into a better experience for our customers and reduced costs as we get it right the first time and move more and more interactions to digital. In the second quarter, we reduced customer calls handled by our agents by over 3 million year-over-year. We also increased the percentage of customer interactions completed digitally by double-digits year-over-year. As we look beyond the second quarter, we see so many opportunities for continued growth in our Cable business, with significant runway ahead in broadband, robust growth in business services, attractive opportunities driven by our differentiated approach to Video, and upside in newer offerings like XFINITY Home, all these services enabled by an ever-increasing digital service experience. We're also excited about the prospects for XFINITY Mobile, which we launched to customers in the middle of the second quarter. While it's still early days, the customer feedback confirms our belief that we have an attractive proposition in the market. Our differentiated offerings are resonating, including our By the Gig data option and the ability for customers to mix and match and easily switch between two plans, as well as the inclusion of five lines in our convenient digital experience. So all in all, a great first half of the year with a fantastic group of businesses that are executing extremely well. I'm proud of what we accomplished, including our 10% EBITDA growth, and we have a strong foundation to build on for the remainder of the year and beyond. Mike, over to you.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Brian; and good morning, everybody. Let's start on slide 4. So as Brian just said, we delivered very strong second quarter results. On a consolidated basis, revenue increased 9.8%, adjusted EBITDA grew 10%, earnings per share increased 26.8% to $0.52 a share, and we generated $2.2 billion in free cash flow during the quarter. Now, let's go deeper into the businesses, starting with Cable Communications on slide 5. Cable Communications revenues increased 5.5% to $13.1 billion, driven by growth in residential high-speed Internet and Video as well as Business Services. In our Residential business, we added 77,000 net new customer relationships in the quarter, a 6.4% increase over last year, with both Video and high-speed data churn remaining at the lowest levels in over 10 years. We are pleased with these results and our ability to weather the more competitive environment this quarter. There have been several new entrants in the over-the-top video space, prompting existing competitors to respond with aggressive price points that have cut across multiple products. We continue to believe in our ability to compete effectively. First, we have innovative products, including best-in-class broadband and a great video experience with X1. Second, we successfully bundle our services together, with 70% of our residential customer base taking at least two products. In addition, we focus on market segmentation, packaging our products to be competitive to multiple customer segments, and, importantly, we are making continuous improvements to our customer service. High-speed Internet continues to be the largest contributor to overall cable revenue growth. Revenue increased 9.2% to $3.7 billion in the quarter, driven by an increase in our residential customer base and rate adjustments. We added 140,000 residential high-speed Internet customers in the quarter and we remain focused on adding value and further enhancing our competitive differentiation through improvement to capacity, coverage and capabilities. We consistently increase our speeds and nearly 55% of our residential customers take speeds of 100 megabits per second or higher. We're offering gigabit speeds with our deployment of DOCSIS 3.1 and plan to have this technology available to the majority of our homes passed by year-end. And in addition, we recently launched xFi, a new home WiFi platform that gives customers the fastest speeds, the best WiFi coverage and ultimate control in their homes, making WiFi an even better experience. As Brian mentioned, we have a long runway for growth in adding broadband customers. Video revenue increased 3.9% to $5.8 billion in the quarter, primarily due to rate adjustments as well as customers subscribing to additional services. We had 45,000 residential video customer net losses in the quarter, reflecting both typical second quarter seasonality as well as the competitive dynamics I mentioned earlier. We continue to drive X1 deeper into our base, ending the quarter with 55% of residential video customers having X1, compared to about 40% a year ago. Business Services delivered another strong quarter of double-digit growth as revenue increased 12.6% to $1.5 billion during the quarter, primarily driven by customer growth. We added 37,000 business customer relationships, and in terms of individual products, we added 11,000 video customers, 35,000 high-speed Internet customers, and 27,000 voice customers in the quarter. In addition, we increased revenue for business customer relationship by 4%, which reflects good momentum in our Ethernet and advanced voice services. Turning to slide 6, second quarter Cable Communications EBITDA increased 5.4% to $5.3 billion, resulting in a margin of 40.5%, down 10 basis points compared to the second quarter of 2016. Programming expenses increased 12% during the quarter, and on a year-to-date basis, reflecting the timing of contract renewals. Non-programming expenses increased 1.4% this quarter as we benefit from the investments we have made in customer experience initiatives, as well as overall disciplined cost management. Notably, customer service expenses declined 1.1% this quarter even as we grew customer relationships by 3.2%. Despite the higher rate of programming expense growth, our year-to-date EBITDA margin of 40.4% has improved by 10 basis points compared to the same period in 2016. The improvement was driven by growth in higher-margin services such as high-speed Internet and Business Services, as well as the lower rate of growth in non-programming expenses. As we look forward, we now expect the full year 2017 EBITDA margin to be flat compared to 2016, which was 40.2%. The improvement relative to our original guidance from earlier this year is equally split between programming and non-programming expenses. Now let's move on to NBCUniversal's results. On slide 7, you can see NBCUniversal's revenues increased 17% and EBITDA increased 23% in the quarter. These strong results were driven by a successful box office, healthy growth in re-trans and affiliate fees, as well as continued strong growth at Theme Parks. Cable Networks delivered another quarter of strong growth with revenue increasing 5.1% and EBITDA up 11.7% to $1.1 billion. While advertising revenue was down 1% this quarter, distribution revenue increased 8.1%, driving double-digit EBITDA growth. Recall we have successfully renewed a number of our distribution agreements and this should continue to contribute to healthy EBITDA growth for the remainder of the year. Broadcast Television also delivered a solid quarter, with revenue increasing 5.3% and EBITDA growth of 5.5% to $416 million. This growth was primarily driven by higher retransmission consent fees, which increased nearly 65% to $363 million. Partially offsetting this growth was a modest 1% decline in advertising revenue, which reflected ratings pressure during the quarter as well as higher programming expenses and increased marketing investments. Film had a phenomenal quarter with revenue increasing 60% and EBITDA growing by $229 million to $285 million. Theatrical revenue increased by $540 million to $837 million, driven by the strong box office performance of Fate of the Furious, which more than offset the underperformance of The Mummy. Home Entertainment revenue increased 43% due to the continued success of earlier titles including Fifty Shades Darker and Sing. Last, content licensing revenue grew 14%, reflecting the inclusion of DreamWorks. Theme Parks continued its momentum with revenue growth of 15.6% and EBITDA up a very healthy 17.3% to $551 million in the second quarter. These results reflect higher attendance in per capita spending as well as a favorable comparison from the timing of spring break vacations. As a reminder, spring break and the Easter holiday occurred in the second quarter this year, but occurred during the first quarter last year, creating a favorable comparison this quarter. However even if we adjust for this timing, EBITDA would have still grown double-digits this quarter as we continue to benefit from Harry Potter in Hollywood as well as our launches of new attractions Brian mentioned Volcano Bay in Orlando and Minion Park in Japan. Now let's move to slide 8 to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. Consolidated CapEx increased 2.5% to $2.3 billion in the second quarter. At Cable Communications, capital expenditures increased 4% to $2 billion for the quarter, resulting in capital intensity of 14.9%. For the full year, we continue to expect capital intensity to remain flat to 2016 at approximately 15% of total Cable Communications revenue. For the quarter, the increase in spending reflects a higher level of investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity and increased investment in line extensions partially offset by decreased spending on customer premise equipment. At NBCUniversal, second quarter capital expenditures decreased 6.1% to $338 million, reflecting our continued investment in Theme Parks more than offset by the timing of spending on real estate and at our headquarters. For the full year, we continue to expect NBCUniversal's capital expenditures to increase approximately 10% versus 2016. And now finishing up on slide 9, as I mentioned earlier, we generated $2.2 billion in free cash flow in the quarter and $5.3 billion on a year-to-date basis. Our return of capital to shareholders in the second quarter included dividend payments totaling $747 million, up 11.6%, and share repurchases of $1.4 billion. We continue to expect to repurchase a total of $5 billion of our common shares this year. In terms of leverage, we ended the quarter at 2.2 times net leverage. During the quarter, we completed our acquisition of the remaining 49% stake in Universal Studios Japan for $2.3 billion. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we received proceeds of $482 million in connection with our previously announced relinquishments of FCC licenses for spectrum in the New York, Philadelphia and Chicago designated market areas. So that concludes our summary of the quarter. We're clearly very pleased with our continued strong performance as well as our momentum. Now I'll turn it back to Jason to lead the Q&A.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Mike. Regina, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. I'd like to ask you about two of the big debates out there. One is on the runway for broadband and the other on the pay-TV ecosystem. Brian, you specifically said in your prepared remarks you see a significant runway for the data business. And I'd love to hear from you and from Dave what gives you confidence in that, how do you think about driving market share gains further from here, any comment on the response to xFi and just other things you're doing around the products beyond speed, to continue to push your advantage in the marketplace and grow that business over time? And then on the Video side, maybe from Steve, how are you  what are you seeing on the subscriber front for your Cable Nets as you see these new entrants come into the market? Obviously, there's been a lot of pressure for the overall industry. But curious how you're thinking about the impact of these emerging streaming bundles on your business. Thank you.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Okay. Well, thank you and good morning. So first big comment would be that we're performing well in broadband. If you look at us versus all the competitors that have reported, you're going to see growth  continued growth and we expect that to continue for the rest of the year, and hopefully, for years to come. And that's why, I think we make that statement. I think our product is better. So what Dave's doing, and I'll let him talk about it, is we're taking some of that same innovation, as you alluded to, that we brought to Video, which is why our Video results have been pretty strong the last several years compared to, again, the marketplace. It's that innovation and that culture of every month the product gets better. So we have a whole team of people who are trying to be more than just we're getting faster and better. But, again, Dave, why don't you jump in, and Steve can talk about the Video. But, again, I think company-wide, I think we're executing better than maybe a lot of people believe these businesses can do. And that's why we think it's going to continue for the future. It's great momentum.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Yes, Ben, so  as Brian said, there is significant runway ahead of broadband. And the key to me when you look at this is the upside of the opportunity. We're sitting at 45% penetration right now. So there's growth just there. The overall market is growing with only 75% of households subscribing to Internet access. And so mostly, from our position, it's the innovation that Brian's talking about. We like our formula. We deliver very fast, reliable service. And the focus  the shift that we've had around innovation is around WiFi in the home. And a key for us to staying ahead of competition with speed, capacity, coverage, and capability. And xFi is a good example of that. I think we deliver on all these points. With xFi, you get fantastic wireless gateways. We're just introducing a new advanced wireless gateway that can get you up to 1 gig WiFi speed. So it delivers great coverage in the home. And it gives for the first time  one of the pain points for customers  the ability to connect just an ever-increasing amount of wireless devices in the home and let you simply and easily manage all of that within your home. So I think when you add it all up, we like our position. There could be continued innovative focus around the broadband category, but we have good momentum.
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: So the over-the-top services that have been launched so far, doing about as we expected they would do. And they're not all that material to our business. They've all launched. They have subscribers. We have deals in place with all of them. They're actually very favorable. So from an NBCUniversal point of view, if someone goes to an over-the-top provider, it's actually slightly better. But it's a very tough business. And as we've said before, we're skeptical that it's going to be a very large business or profitable business for the people that are in it. And they're off to a relatively slow start. In terms of the overall subscriber trends, they're the same as they have been. No speed-up or slowdown in the modest subscriber losses that we've seen over the last few years.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you both.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: All right. Thanks, Ben. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. Thank you. Brian, I guess, the obvious question that seems to be on everyone's lips is, it seems like every day that goes by, there is another round of speculation about who  with whom you might partner next, or who you might buy or merge with and that sort of thing. I wonder if you could just step back and strategically talk about the assets you have and where, if anywhere, you think you might look next to add to the portfolio.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Thank you and thanks for posting that question in a broad way, which makes it, in my opinion  I thought we were really clear last quarter. So I guess, the chance to be even more clear. While, yes, we always look at the world around us and we do our jobs, frankly, and looking at opportunities. We love our business. Look at this quarter, 10% cash flow growth, 10% revenue growth, every one of the businesses performing well. So I don't see anybody quite doing that, frankly, in our space, quarter after quarter, by the way, not just one movie. And I think I've said and I think we've said in multiple forums that we really feel we're not missing anything. And so just to specifically talk about wireless, which I think was embedded in your question, no disrespect to wireless, it's a tough business. And our strategy of MVNO, we really like what we're doing  and just it's very, very early with XFINITY Mobile. And our early employee results and our first set of customers really improves a lot of the things we hoped it would improve. It will be a long road, but I don't see something happening in that industry that we envy a position that we don't have today. So while we continue to focus on what we've got, if you look at the mix of content, it's not just content for content's sake. I think putting an incredible team on the field and having an NBC be in first place, to have Telemundo really just surging. Big year we're going to have in sports with all the big events. And Cable, Dave just talked about it. It's a fantastic strategy. I think we have a really special company and I wouldn't want to do anything to change that.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thanks, Brian. That's helpful.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Okay. Thanks, Craig. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Two questions. First on the Cable side. We've seen the subscriber results from AT&T and Verizon, and I think the FIOS and U-verse subs were a bit better than expected. So, I guess, the question is, at what point do you feel that you have to respond to this, whether it be promotions or lower overall pricing? And then second, on the NBC side, Steve, as you said, the upfront was really successful. Do you think this represents true underlying demand or do you think it's just ad dollars being pulled forward so there might be less demand in scatter? Thanks.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Let me start, Marci. It's Dave. So we go through competitive cycles with all sorts of providers, not the least of which the telephone company. So we're very accustomed to moments where they discount a bit more. Our focus is to stay disciplined around delivering the best products. We put them in packages that work for customers. And so whether it's X1, just talked about broadband, those are the keys. We always compete, and we always segment. We always go after different market segments and making sure we are competitive for each of those. So we do tweak our go-to-market approaches. We've been doing that for a long time. So I don't see anything materially different in our approach to stay very focused on delivering the best products in the marketplace and being competitive.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: I just want to add one other thing, too. Dave has been doing this for us for 20 years now or more, and has seen it all. And what I like about his leadership is the mix, and Neil before him. And you'll see a lot of results today. We've got a busy day for the analysts and our sympathies go out to you for all the companies reporting on the same day. I don't know that you'll see subscriber results and revenue growth and cash flow, and it's that balance that is the way Dave's leadership and the team he's got is trying to run the company. And I think that's what we're going to try to do in the future.
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: So regarding the upfront, I think it was a pretty good upfront for the television business in general. It was a particularly good upfront for us. We went into the upfront with NBC ahead if you take out the Super Bowl at Fox, we were 20% ahead in terms of primetime ratings of anybody else. Brian mentioned Telemundo, but we also had strength at MSNBC, cable strength, sports. And our approach to ad sales, starting five years ago, we put all of the ad sales under Linda Yaccarino, and Linda and her team sell the entire portfolio together, which, since we're the biggest provider of television advertising, we tend to go first. We've gone first the last few years in the upfront. And that yielded, I think, a greater result than was the typical result. Our upfront volume was up about 8%, which represents about $400 million. And that doesn't include the Olympics and Super Bowl where we sold some ads on top of that 8% increase. We think we led the market in terms of Broadcast by a few points and Cable was at the high-end of the range. We've been talking over the last six years or so about a monetization gap. We think every year we're chipping away at that and we've closed a lot of the monetization gap. In terms of did we pull demand forward? I don't think so. I think the demand, really for the last two years or three years, has been remarkably consistent throughout the year and the percentage that went in the upfront, I don't see any major sign that that percentage is higher or lower than it has been traditionally. And all the signs we see more recently than the upfront point to continued strength in the advertising markets, and we're doing well in terms of our advanced sales on the Super Bowl and the Olympics and everything else. So I think we feel pretty confident.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Great. Thank you, Marci. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Two separate questions. First for Brian or Dave, the competitive landscape is changing pretty rapidly as companies from multiple industries are trying to emulate you or parts of you. Whether it's the FANG companies, the telcos, they're all big companies. So can you talk about what you're doing to enhance the customer experience over the next few years to protect and grow your business? You sort of answered it on broadband; maybe if you could take a Video perspective? And for Steve, a different advertising question. The market overall seems fairly stable despite ratings issues, whether that's due to measurement or fragmentation. Can you talk about what NBC is doing to position your company over the next two years to enhance the advertising platform?
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: So, hey, Jessica. Dave. So let me start with Video. It is  as you said, it's a very competitive environment, lots of new entrants coming in, and doing different things. The key is we really like our position overall. We've got this terrific platform X1 with the unbelievable functionality of the voice remote and the complete  the overall level of choices that we deliver and the amount of the breadth of content on-demand, live, DVR, and new entrants that are now part of X1, like Netflix, all seamlessly integrated. So in addition, as I mentioned before, we're going to compete vigorously across the board for every segment. And so we do break it down, whether it's students, whether it's millennials. And so we're seeing really good benefits. And I think while they're sampling, you see new entrants come in. For us, we're going to stay very focused on our strengths. And one of the things, too, that we're rolling out is, we've talked about before is Instant TV. Instant TV, again, we're launching this. We've been testing it for a while. We'll launch it more broadly in the second half of the year. And, again, this is an in-home Title VI cable service, with a managed network, without a set-top box. So it's ideal for certain segments and millennials in the test markets; very good response. So we'll continue to roll that out. There's a lot of appeal, different price points that we're testing around that. But our key is to leverage our strength in X1 and Video, but also compete for every segment.
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: So in terms of ratings and what's going on in the video landscaping, it's a very interesting time to be in the television business. I think you have to assume that ratings are going to  linear ratings are going to continue to decline. I'm not sure if the decline is going to speed up or slow down. I think the safest thing is to assume it's going to continue. But overall video consumption if you include consumption on the Internet, I think most think it's as high as it's ever been. And the first part of our challenge is to make sure that we monetize better, that we get ratings and then monetization at a better rate than we currently do with consumption on the Internet. The second thing is to try to get more of the Internet functionality, target ability, and data into our traditional television advertising. And I think we've been a leader in that. We have a lot of data enhanced products and ways to position our television advertising with some of our digital assets and the partnerships we have. We're a shareholder in BuzzFeed, and Vox and Snap, and we're doing a lot of selling with Apple and AOL and others. So that when Linda Yaccarino goes to market, we can offer television products, which are data-enhanced and then bundles, which include television and traditional digital advertising. So it's certainly more challenging. There are more variables to play with. But I like our hand, and we, I think, have been as aggressive as anybody in trying to make sure that we're continually evolving and giving advertisers what they want, which is the tremendous reach of television, still the best way to reach a large market. But some of the targeting that people have started to realize is attractive because of the Internet.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jessica. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks. Wonder if you can dig more into the cable margin guide increase. How should we think about programming in the second half and 2018, if you can, versus the 12% in the first half, what does the pace of renewals look like in the second half versus first? And then second, in terms of non-programming OpEx trends, are there cost-cutting efforts happening there? Or is it really declines driven by a shift in customer activity from those call centers to digital? And what does the runway look like there? Thank you.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Hey, Phil, it's Mike. I'll start and Dave can finish. So for 2017, as we started the year, we expected programming to be up 13%. Programming costs, we came in in the first half of the year at around 12% and I wouldn't expect it to be much different in the second half. In terms of non-programming costs, you saw the great results in the first half of the year and we think those trends are steady. So we're just revising today the guidance for the full year this year and we expect to be flat to 2016. And as you know, we don't go into a multi-year guidance. But I think what Dave and I have both said previously is that we're going to continue to drive growth in our high margin businesses, high-speed data and business services, which were obviously margin positive. We do expect programming costs as we've said to come down into the high single-digits in years after 2017. And then, finally, on the non-programming costs side, a lot of the efforts that Dave and Neil have been putting in over multiple years into customer service, in particular, are paying dividends in terms of reduced truck rolls, lower calls, on top of higher satisfaction. And that's been a tailwind to non-programming expenses. And Dave can comment further, but we're going to continue to execute against those kind of trends. But, again, we don't go beyond the year we're in in terms of guidance. So I'll leave it there.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Mike. So, as Mike just said, it starts with us, we're looking at high-margin businesses. So you said that we're all very focused on broadband commercial. But the key driver, I think, to your question, Phil, is that the rate of growth for non-programming expenses is trending lower in 2017 and certainly continued trending it from last year. So this is a combination of things. We've always been very focused on cost management. But the key thing that we're looking at is getting yield from our customer experience investments. And we made those investments. We like the results. And we believe very strongly that this is going to yield a better customer experience also. So it's often the case that you do a good job and you're taking transactions out. You're going to get a lower cost of delivering service. So I think we're getting out ahead of a lot of customer service issues. We've got ways to go, but we're really pleased with our progress. So  and this comes in  you look at call volumes coming out, truck rolls, and so contact rates. All of these things are really trending in the right direction. So I like our momentum there. We're going to stay very focused on taking transactions out, but at the same time, this is going to be good for the customer.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Phil. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Maybe a couple of follow-up questions for Dave. First on the competitive front, have the competitive efforts you've seen from the traditional guys, does that continue here into the third quarter? And maybe, can you give us a sense for maybe where it's coming from? Is it the telcos, or the satellite guys? And then, on the new Instant TV product, I think we've heard  or you guys have talked about a third quarter launch, but could you give us some more color on the breadth of launch, how you guys are going to promote it, maybe anything you can tell us about what's in that package, or the pricing around it? Thanks.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Yes. Sure, John. So on the telcos side, it's mostly in terms of the shift, there's  again, this competitive cycle, it's the telephone companies being a little bit more aggressive on discounting. And again, we compete. We take it all seriously. We look at everything, and don't take it for granted. So we do compete, but the adjustments we make are modest in nature, very targeted. And so we like, again, our position as I talked about before. And you connect that and sometimes, you have a lot of new entrants coming in. So a lot of sampling on the new folks over-the-top. But, again, I talked about our Video and broadband momentum. On Instant TV, this is a program that we've been looking at to go after. Primarily the segments that, like millennials, this is not something that we'll do broad-based in terms of our approach to the market. This is going to be very targeted; primarily digital in nature and how we do it. We love our fall video positioning with X1. So we'll continue to compete aggressively with that. But Instant TV gives us one more part of the portfolio to be able to go after different segments with. So it'll be fully launched towards the end of Q3 and will be part of our go-to-market approach.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Dave.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, John. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Mike, I had, I guess, a housekeeping question first then I had one for Steve. The NBCU headquarters other elimination OCF number was noticeably higher this quarter than it's been in the past. I just wanted to see if you can give some color on that. Is that a new run rate, more or less, or was there something anomalous in the second quarter? And then, Steve, you had mentioned a moment ago the digital investments that you've made in Snap, BuzzFeed and Vox. I was wondering if you could maybe elaborate on just how you're leveraging those investments in NBCU and how they fit into the broader strategy. Thanks.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Bryan. It's Mike. So there's just some one-time choppiness in that number. We can deal with that  give you more color offline, if you like, but nothing that would affect the go-forward trends that you've seen before this quarter.
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: So when we make these digital investments, we actually call them beacon investments, because we like to think that by investing in BuzzFeed, or Vox, or Snap, we're telling our employees and their employees that we really want to work together. So it's not a passive or inactive process. So when we make the investment, we would sit down with the management teams of the various companies and try to identify a half dozen projects to work on. And in each of those three companies, we've had very material projects succeed in the marketplace. Our most recent investment was Snapchat. And we have a show called The Rundown, which is produced by E!, which is getting 5 million to 10 million daily users, which makes real money. We just launched a second product based on an NBC News  a 24-hour-a-day NBC News product. Very unique. Launched  I believe it was last week. It's called Stay Tuned and it's off to a very, very strong start. And we've done similar things with BuzzFeed and Vox. And a big part of our job, I think, as the company gets more digital DNA into our company, is to find digital investments with companies that we can learn from and get into business with as opposed to just making an investment. So I think Vox, BuzzFeed and Snap are three great companies. We've learned a lot from them and we're better off for having made those investments.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Interesting. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Bryan. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. I realize it's still early days here with XFINITY Mobile, but I'll throw a couple of questions at you and see what you're willing to share. In terms of acquiring customers, what's working? Are you mostly leveraging interactions you would otherwise have on a normal basis? Is some of your outbound causing people to come to you? Where are they coming from? Which plans are most successful? And then, the last one would be, is it hurting any of your other businesses? For example, is it actually cannibalizing residential voice? So a lot in there, but whatever you can do to help us gain some insight as to what's working early on would be great. Thank you.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: You got it. All right. So a couple of  it's way early, as Brian said, but a couple of observations. First off, it's operationally scaling well. Again, very early, but we're pleased with just in general as we have rolled this out across the footprint. One thing that maybe in terms of where the customers or how they're onboarding, about half of the customers are going through our digital channel, which is terrific. So Greg Butz and his team have really done a terrific job. And I think it speaks to just how easy this experience is for customers. And not only is it easy to onboard but, as Brian said, it's really easy to manage your service on an ongoing basis. We're one of the only ones that you can go back and forth literally with the click of a button and you can change your By-the-Gig to unlimited and back and forth. So it's a really extraordinary digital experience. And so we're pleased with that. The other observation early on is that there's real value By the Gig. We have  most of our customers are taking By the Gig versus unlimited. So we can do both. And the partnership with Verizon is going well. And so early response from customers is extremely positive. They like the service. They like the value. They like just how easy this is. And so in regards to things, I think it's the  quite frankly, there's an opportunity to go the other way, especially as we leverage our existing retail capabilities and digital capabilities, I think mobile is an opportunity to expand consideration for other products. And while there may be some  a little bit of focus, whether it's packaging around wireline voice, I think it gives us an opportunity to talk about everything that we do. So we're really encouraged about our early-stage retail launches where we see that happening. So real pleased with their early results.
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Brett. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Just one question from me, which is on the CapEx line. You've seen scalable infrastructure and line extensions grow quite substantially over the last year or so. Could you just talk about what's exactly in that line? And is this driven by fiber or is there some other focus on those lines right now? Thanks.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Hey, Kannan. It's Mike. So I'll start again on this one. So scalable infrastructure  think about it as adding capacity and speed to our network generally in things like Cloud DVRs and the like. As we see greater usage to our network, we're investing to keep the experience ahead of our customer expectations. And so that's what you would see in that CapEx line. And then we've said repeatedly we want to continue to invest in that broadband network for the future we see for the business. In terms of line extensions, that's connecting more addresses to our networks. And so that's largely led by business services. And pushing the business services is obviously high-growth business. Some of the hyper-builds we talk about  the growth in line extensions is driven by that.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. Thank you.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Yep.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Kannan. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike McCormack with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks. Dave, maybe just a comment on the commercial opportunity and what you're seeing as far as moving upstream into bigger enterprises? And then, also a comment perhaps on 5G, what you're seeing out there as far as whether it's a risk or opportunity for you guys? Thanks.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Sure. So I think the larger business services opportunity is enterprise. It's upside for us. Currently, we're within our footprint. We're at less than 5% of the overall revenue opportunity. So what we're seeing is solid cooperation with the other cable operators and really helping large businesses that have local offices throughout the country. So I think so far we're real pleased with our progress. A lot of very premier accounts that have jumped on board. Again, early innings on this one, too, but we're pleased and I think there's upside there. On 5G, we're testing it. We're looking at it. I've commented before that it's something that, I think, will evolve and take a while. It's not something that will be immediate, but we'll look at it as closely as everybody else. From our vantage point, there's work to do there, but we'll stay very close to that. I continue to believe that it's an opportunity for the mobile providers to enhance their mobile data service, but in regards to any other implications, way too early.
Michael L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks, Dave.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Mike. Regina, we'll make this next one the last question, please.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Brian, you've been talking about innovation and differentiation in the marketplace that Comcast is trying to lead on. We are pretty close to the end of the consent decree on NBC, and obviously, you've had some synergies with the assets. Can you just talk about what that end could do in leapfrogging that innovation and differentiation?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Well, let me just start by saying that I'm very pleased with the organization for  we complied and in many cases exceeded all the requirements that were placed on us. And I think that it'll be less of an administrative burden for sure when the consent decree ends, but we have great momentum. And I think hopefully we'll look forward. We won't look back. I don't have a specific answer for you probably today in that regard, but I do think we've executed really well in the past. So I don't want to say any more about the consent decree as we get toward the end of it. But I will say that the two companies have worked really well together. And one of the themes that this will probably allow that to even continue and maybe increase in the future is just how well the culture of the company is  Comcast, NBCUniversal. I'm really pleased and proud of that, and I think that the results that we just talked about for the last hour, I think, demonstrate that.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: So onward we go. We'll see you next quarter. Thank you all very much.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Okay. Thank you. Regina, back to you.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time. It will run through Thursday, August 3, at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056 and the Conference ID number is 39307493. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-27 09:50:00) =====
Executives: Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp. Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp. Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp. David N. Watson - Comcast Corp. Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Frank Garreth Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US) Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Instinet
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentleman, and welcome to Comcast's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke and Dave Watson. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks and Steve and Dave will also be available for Q&A. As a reminder, and this will be the last day this is in place but it is in place at this time, as part of the FCC's anti-collusion rules for the Broadcast Incentive Auction, we cannot discuss or answer any questions related to the auction or spectrum on today's call. As always, let me now refer you to slide number 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. We are off to a fantastic start, our fastest in five years. In the first quarter, we increased revenue by 9% and EBITDA by over 10%. These outstanding results were highlighted by NBCUniversal, which increased EBITDA by 24%, driven by strong growth at each business. At Theme Parks, our multi-year momentum continues. A great example is the success of Harry Potter in Hollywood, where we saw a 60% increase in attendance this quarter. And we have some incredible new attractions in the second quarter. In Orlando, Jimmy Fallon's Race Through New York opened earlier this month. And we think Volcano Bay will transform the water park experience for visitors when it opens as a third gate in just a few weeks. It looks amazing. And in Japan, we leveraged one of our most successful film franchises with the opening of Minions Park last week. Our confidence in the trajectory and leadership of the parks business under Tom Williams reinforced our decision to acquire the remaining 49% of Universal Studios Japan. In Film, as I've said repeatedly, we have an exceptional management team at Universal that is taking smart risks and using skillful marketing, and the results speak for themselves. The first quarter's terrific performance was driven by a wide range of theatrical releases including Fifty Shades Darker, Split and Get Out, as well as the carryover success of Sing. Our box office strength has continued in the second quarter with Boss Baby and the exciting premiere of Fate of the Furious, which just set the new box office record with the biggest-ever global opening. Turning to our TV businesses, NBC has maintained a healthy lead and as the season ends, remains the top-ranked network in primetime for the fourth consecutive season. Congratulations to Bob Greenblatt and everyone at the network. At Cable Networks, we had a strong quarter. I would highlight MSNBC, which continued its outstanding performance with record ratings and even topped CNN in total viewers during weekday prime and total day for the quarter. With our unified portfolio of NBC Broadcast, Telemundo and Cable Networks, we feel great about our position as we head into the advertising upfront. We will be selling into an exciting 2017-2018 season that includes our airing of three of the biggest events on television with the Super Bowl, the Winter Olympics and the World Cup on Telemundo. So really, a fabulous quarter from NBCUniversal, further validation of what a transformative acquisition this was for us, perhaps the best in our history. Moving on to Cable Communications, I want to start by thanking Neil Smit for all that he has done as CEO of Comcast Cable. I can't say enough about Neil, and a number of you have reached out as well to say how fortunate we are to have had his leadership and character at Comcast over these seven-plus years. He handed over the company to his top leader, Dave Watson, who, as you can see already, is off to a very strong start. We had an excellent quarter balancing robust EBITDA growth with terrific customer metrics. We added 297,000 customer relationships, a 10% increase compared to the first quarter of 2016, with 429,000 broadband subscriber additions and 42,000 video subscriber additions. We are also seeing good traction with XFINITY Home and now have nearly 1 million customers. And our best opportunities are ahead of us with a roadmap to continue adding value for our customers and differentiating all of our products. Next month, we will be launching our new cloud-based smart home networking solution for customers with our Wi-Fi Gateway. We're going to call it xFi. Just like X1 has transformed how our customers experience television, we think this will be a game changer for Wi-Fi, enabling people to easily improve, personalize, manage and control their home network and the devices connected to it. We also continue to add to the X1 platform. On the heels of our successful Netflix integration late last year, during the first quarter, we announced that we are also going to make YouTube content available on X1 all searchable using our beloved voice remote control. This will allow our customers to seamlessly browse and access billions of YouTube videos alongside our live and On Demand programming options. And earlier this month, we unveiled our highly-anticipated wireless service, XFINITY Mobile, with simple, straightforward plans and a digital-first experience. We believe including mobile in our bundles will help improve retention and ultimately benefit lifetime customer economics. We are taking a disciplined approach to the wireless business, leveraging our existing customer relationships and infrastructure along with our access to Verizon's industry-leading wireless network. We expect to be NPV-positive per subscriber on a stand-alone basis once we reach a limited initial scale over time. Our digital-first approach to XFINITY Mobile reflects a broader shift in how we view the future of the customer experience. We're making it a priority to give our customers the ability to interact with us through a variety of options in the digital world, including online, on devices and even through X1. We know this is what our customers want and we are working hard to provide the tools so they can do it with ease. As we continue our effort to improve the experience, we've seen how quickly customers respond to these initiatives. You may recall about two years ago, we committed to making customer service our best product. We put meaningful investment towards this goal and it's really working. In the first quarter, we reduced customer calls handled by our agents by over 4 million, a double-digit improvement year-over-year. First-call resolution is at a multi-year high, a sign that we are making progress in terms of getting it right the first time when our customers call with an issue. So I'm incredibly proud of these results across the entire company this quarter. And with our unique innovation platform to Comcast Cable and the industry-leading growth at NBCUniversal, we are off to a great start. Mike, over to you.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Good morning, everybody. I'm on slide 4 for those following the presentation online. As Brian just said, we had a great first quarter. Cable delivered terrific results, balancing strong financial growth with healthy customer metrics. And at NBCUniversal, we had phenomenal growth this quarter, with good contributions from all the business segments. So on a consolidated basis, revenue increased 8.9%. Adjusted EBITDA grew 10.4%. And by the way, adjusted EBITDA is the new label for the metric we previously called operating cash flow. Earnings per share was $0.53, a 26.2% increase on an adjusted basis, and we generated $3.1 billion in free cash flow during the quarter. So now let's start with Cable Communications on slide 5. Cable Communications delivered strong first quarter results. Revenue increased 5.8% to $12.9 billion. We added 297,000 customer relationships, and we grew total revenue per customer relationship by 2.6%. Beginning this quarter, we are providing additional disclosure for residential and business customers, given the success of Business Services, which now annualizes at about $6 billion in revenue. Now for the numbers, starting with our Residential business, we added 263,000 net new relationships, an increase of 11% over last year, and ended the quarter with nearly 27 million relationships. Contributing to these results were the positive benefits of customer retention with our Video and High-Speed Internet churn remaining at the lowest levels in over 10 years. Customers continue to respond to our innovative X1 platform, our best-in-class high-speed data product, and the meaningful strides we have made in improving the customer experience. Our ability to bundle our products is also a key driver of customer retention, and we continue to do so successfully with 71% of our residential customers now subscribing to at least two products. In terms of the individual Residential revenue categories, High-Speed Internet continues to be the largest contributor to overall Cable revenue growth. Revenue increased 10.1% to $3.6 billion in the quarter, driven by an increase in our residential customer base and rate adjustments. Building on the strong performance in 2016, we added 429,000 total high-speed data customers in the quarter, with 397,000 of them being residential. We've invested to provide a best-in-class broadband product as we have consistently increased the speeds we offer our customers, and we continue to invest to improve the Wi-Fi experience in and out of the home. We ended the quarter with 54% of our residential customers taking speeds of 100 megabits per second or higher. Looking ahead, we believe we have a long runway for growth in adding broadband customers and a great roadmap to provide additional value to our existing customers. Video revenue increased 4.3% to $5.8 billion in the quarter, primarily due to rate adjustments as well as customers subscribing to additional services and an increase in our residential customer base. Of our 42,000 total video customer net adds in the quarter, 32,000 were residential. X1 continues to move the needle on the customer experience, ARPU and retention, driving higher customer lifetime value. We ended the quarter with 52% of our residential video customers having X1 compared to 35% a year ago, and we continue to expect our X1 penetration will be in the low 60% range by year-end. Voice revenue declined by 3.6% to $863 million in the first quarter, reflecting a modest decline in ARPU as well as the loss of 27,000 net residential customers. We continue to believe that our voice product is a good value for our customers and an important part of our triple and quad play bundles. Business Services delivered another solid quarter of double-digit growth, as revenue increased 13.6% to $1.5 billion during the quarter. We added 34,000 business customer relationships and grew revenue per business customer relationship by 5%. The small business segment accounted for about 70% of our revenue and 60% of our growth, driven primarily by the net increase in customers. And our mid-size and enterprise segments continue to grow at higher rates, given the strength of our product set and the earlier stage of our efforts in these areas. Cable Advertising revenue decreased 6.3% to $512 million in the quarter, reflecting lower political revenue compared to last year. Excluding the political contribution, our Cable Advertising revenue decreased 2.3%, reflecting a challenging advertising environment this quarter, particularly in discretionary categories. Turning to slide 6, first quarter Cable Communications EBITDA increased 6.3% to $5.2 billion, resulting in a margin of 40.3%, up 20 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2016. This is a terrific financial performance as we manage through a period of higher programming costs by offsetting this impact with strong revenue growth and real discipline on non-programming operating expenses. Programming expenses grew 11.7% during the quarter, reflecting the timing of contract renewals. Because of these renewals, our programming expense growth should trend higher for the remainder of the year, consistent with our guidance at year-end. Non-programming expenses increased 1.4% for the quarter, helping preserve margins given the increase in programming expenses. As we noted during our year-end call, this growth rate is trending lower than previous quarters as we benefit from our customer experience initiatives and overall disciplined cost management. Notably, Customer Service expenses declined 1.1% this quarter, even as we grew our customer relationships by 3.2%. Consistent with our objectives, we expect the rate of growth for our non-programming expenses to continue to trend lower this year compared to 2016. Now let's move on to NBCUniversal's results. On slide 7, you can see NBCUniversal's revenue increased 14.7% and EBITDA increased 24.4% in the quarter. These strong results were driven by a successful box office, strong growth in retrans and affiliate fees, as well as the continued healthy performance at Theme Parks. Cable Networks delivered strong growth this quarter, with revenue increasing 7.6% and EBITDA increasing 16.8% to $1.1 billion. This EBITDA growth is higher than recent trends of low to mid-single-digit growth, and it was the result of two factors. First, distribution revenue increased 8.6%, due to the successful renewals of a number of our distribution agreements, and should continue to contribute to healthy EBITDA growth for the remainder of the year. Second, content licensing revenue increased 54%, reflecting a new licensing agreement and is timing-related. Partially offsetting this growth was a 2.9% decline in Advertising revenue. Broadcast Television delivered another solid quarter with revenue growth of 5.9% and EBITDA growth of 13.4% to $322 million. This growth was primarily driven by higher retransmission consent fees, which increased over 70% to $350 million and reflect the same contract renewals I just mentioned in Cable Networks. We remain on track to reach $1.4 billion in retransmission revenue this year, a 65% increase over 2016 results. In addition, Advertising revenue was stable compared to the first quarter of 2016, reflecting higher rates offset by audience rating declines and lower volume. Partially offsetting this quarter's EBITDA growth were higher programming and production costs. Film revenue increased 43.2% and EBITDA increased 120.6% to $368 million. These results primarily reflect higher theatrical revenue, which increased by $415 million to $651 million due to the strong performances of Fifty Shades Darker, Get Out and Split, as well as the continued success of Sing in the quarter. In addition, Films' EBITDA growth reflects a positive contribution from DreamWorks, partially offset by higher programming and production costs. Theme Parks revenue increased 9% and EBITDA increased 6.1% to $397 million in the first quarter. These results reflect higher attendance and higher per capita spending, despite an unfavorable comparison from the timing of spring break vacations. The Easter holiday occurred in the first quarter last year but occurred during the second quarter this year, creating a challenging comparison this quarter. If we adjust for this timing, EBITDA would have grown double digits this quarter. We just opened the Jimmy Fallon attraction and we will be opening our third gate, the Volcano Bay water theme park, later this quarter. We expect these new attractions to drive growth at the parks this year. Let's move to slide 8 to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. Consolidated capital expenditures increased 10.2% to $2.1 billion in the first quarter. At Cable Communications, capital expenditures increased 13% to $1.8 billion for the quarter, resulting in capital intensity of 13.8%. For the full year, we continue to expect capital intensity to remain flat to 2016 at approximately 15% of total Cable Communications revenue. For the quarter, the increase reflects a higher level of investment in customer premise equipment related to the deployment of the X1 platform and wireless gateways. However, the increase is timing-related and we continue to expect full-year CPE spending to decline. In addition to our CPE investment this quarter, CapEx growth reflects a higher level of investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity as well as increased investment in line extensions. At NBCUniversal, first quarter capital expenditures decreased 3.3% to $285 million, reflecting an increased investment in Theme Parks, offset by lower spending at headquarters. For the full year, we continue to expect NBCUniversal's capital investment plan to increase approximately 10%. And now finishing up on slide 9, as I mentioned earlier, we generated $3.1 billion in free cash flow in the quarter. In terms of returning capital to shareholders, this quarter included: dividend payments totaling $657 million, up 7.5%; and share repurchases of $750 million. We do continue to expect to repurchase $5 billion of our common shares this year. In terms of leverage, we ended the quarter at 2.2 times net leverage. This reflects investing activity this quarter, which primarily included a $500 million investment in Snap as part of its initial public offering, and the acquisition of Icontrol Networks. I would note that subsequent to the end of the quarter, we purchased the remaining 49% stake in Universal Studios Japan for $2.3 billion. Regarding the recently-announced results of the FCC's Broadcast Incentive Auction, as Jason said, it is still the quiet period, so we cannot discuss or answer any questions related to the auction or spectrum strategy today. However, based on facts disclosed by the FCC, I can confirm that, first, in the reverse auction, NBC sold spectrum in New York, Philadelphia and Chicago for expected total proceeds of $481.6 million. In the forward auction, Comcast invested $1.7 billion to acquire spectrum in the markets identified in the FCC's Public Notice. The average price Comcast paid per megahertz pop was $1.17. Hence, our net spectrum outlay is $1.27 billion. These results confirm the comments we made prior to the auction. We stated we would evaluate the opportunity and purchase spectrum only if we thought the price was right and if we thought the spectrum would have strategic value. That concludes our summary of the quarter. I hope that everyone now has a good sense for how pleased we are with our results as well as our momentum for the rest of the year. Now, I'll turn it back to Jason to lead the Q&A.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Great. Thanks, Mike. Regina, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I have a multi-parter. First of all, Dave, congratulations on your new role. Could you outline your priorities for the year as you take over this position? For Steve, I mean, obviously these are probably going to be the best results in media. Can you talk about the drivers that, as you see them, for this year and beyond? And then finally, if I could just throw one last one in on the auction results, it showed incredible discipline on your part with the spectrum and footprint, the cost was way lower than I think anybody expected in the market. Can you discuss your plans for a ramp-up, including potential owner economics? I know you said you can't discuss specific spectrum results, but it does seem like you have a lot of optionality. Thanks.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Well, Jessica, Dave here. So thanks and I've been working with Neil on our strategy for a while now, so no great surprise that I'm going to stay focused on what's working. And I'm pretty comfortable, helped develop and with a really good Cable team, we've executed on three main areas, profitable growth, innovative products and services and constantly improving customer experience. So we're going to keep focus on adding value to our customer subscriptions and we're going to keep delivering more innovation and backing it up with this experience improvement, so really good momentum around the innovation area, X1, broadband, Wi-Fi. Brian talked about xFi and now Mobile, so this will be a centerpiece for us. And we will stay and I will say focused on growth areas like Business Services. Maybe of all the opportunities in front of us, the one that stands out maybe at the top of the list to me is taking the customer experience to the next level. There's real energy around this in the company; digital, giving our customers more capability to take transactions on, proactive network approaches, first contact resolution. And we're going to take key moments, like when customers move or when they on-board, and we're going to continue to make progress. There's real traction around that. It's good for customers and this is a, I think, the right way to drive healthy and sustainable efficiency. So our strength has been to maintain a good balance of healthy growth, driving share and revenue, and backing it up with solid financial performance. So on a personal note, as Brian mentioned, I'll miss working with Neil. He's been a great partner, a great boss. However, I am excited about this next chapter. And with a very good Cable team, we're going to go after the opportunities in front of us. Steve?
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: So we had a very good quarter in Film in the first quarter. But if you take Film out of the equation, the rest of NBCUniversal grew over 13% during the quarter. And by the way, I think we're going to have a very good quarter this second quarter in Film as well. But really, it's every part of the company hitting on all cylinders. If you look at affiliate fees, we did a bunch of big deals at the end of the year. And you'll see in the numbers this quarter, affiliate fees were up, I think, 9%. And that's now built into our base, so that should continue to go throughout the rest of the year. In terms of ad sales, we're going to the upfront with the strongest hand we've ever had, by a lot. NBC primetime's relative advantage, in other words, we're in first place by more than we have ever been, I think going all the way back to the early 2000s. And Telemundo has been neck-and-neck with Univision in primetime, which was unthinkable five years ago. MSNBC's beating CNN in prime most nights. And then as you go into next year, we have the Super Bowl, the Winter Olympics and the World Cup on Telemundo, so we couldn't be going into the upfront with a stronger hand. I think the advertising market is quite strong. We've already started discussions with big advertising buying groups. And I think we have a lot of momentum and a lot more to go. When we first looked at NBCUniversal when we bought it, we were making a little less than $3.5 billion. I think this year, we're going to be somewhere in the $8 billions, $8.3 billion, $8.4 billion, $8.5 billion, so we've added about $5 billion worth of cash flow in the last six years. I think we can continue to find places to grow. I don't know what inning we're in, but we're certainly not in the ending innings of above market growth. We still have a lot of opportunity areas, consumer products, Telemundo, a lot of different parts of this business that are yet to build out, and we're excited to continue to do that in quarters ahead.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: And finally, Jessica, it's Mike. On spectrum, we can't speak to the spectrum, other than to confirm what we did, which I did earlier. But I'll just say we approached it the way we said we would before the auction started, and we're pleased with the outcome. We'll leave it at that for today.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jessica. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you. Maybe for Brian, you've been an observer of the wireless industry for decades now, and with the end of the anti-collusion rules, can you give us a sense of, sort of, how you view the wireless industry today from a competitiveness or from a strategic standpoint, and talk maybe about whether or not the secular changes we're seeing, maybe in terms of usage and technology, how important or critical is it becoming to your offering on the cable side? Thanks.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Well, we've been talking about wireless for 20 years. And we sold our wireless company, which Dave ran and that was how Dave came into Comcast Cable. And I don't think we have any regrets with that decision. And the question of where wireless is and where it's going, I think we've done a really good job of making sure the company now has that offering in our bundle. It is for our bundled customers. It is in our footprint. And it is going to be a fabulous value for those customers with the brand-new product that you would buy, a new cell phone, tablet. It will have premier coverage from both Verizon Wireless' network and our best Wi-Fi network and it's going to intelligently allow you to be on Wi-Fi without having to log in. And any time there's extended Wi-Fi, it will automatically give you all your capabilities. And coupled with that, as we were talking about, a great digital experience, where there's really just two options; all you do is you push the app and you see how many gigabits you've consumed. You pay $12 a gigabit. And if at any time you want to just click a button, push one button and you're now unlimited. And based on what package customer you are, it's either $45 or $65 for that unlimited option and you can switch back. If you're going out of the country, if you're not going to use your phone, push the button to go by the gig. You get five devices and there's no line charge for any of those devices if you're one of our broadband customers. That's pretty great. And I think, in our minds, that gives us what we need. And so we are always looking at where future technologies are going and things of that nature, but, right now, I think we look at our results today, compare them to anything that we've seen and take Jessica's comment a moment ago, I couldn't be more pleased with the portfolio of our company and the trajectory we're on, and leave it at that and say we're really pleased with the team's effort.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, John. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks. Two quick ones, if I can, Cable margins were up year-over-year and the low non-programming expenses were particular heartening. Is this a good run rate for those non-programming expenses or could the rate improve further from here on Mike's cost initiatives? And second, quickly on Home Security, thanks for breaking that out. I guess 1 million or so is the magic number. Can you add some more detail on this in terms of residential versus business mix and some level of revenue per user? And is this still on the Other revenue line of Cable or is it mixed into Business Services as well? Thanks.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: So it's Mike. Just on Cable margins, we gave guidance for the year that we'd be flat to down 50 basis points for the year, with programing costs continuing to be high this year and that we did expect to drive improvement in the rates on non-programming expenses. So had a very good first quarter, but as far as going down the road on changing any guidance, we're not doing that. That said, I'll hand it over to Dave to give some qualitative stuff of what he's doing because all that will really continue.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Well, we expect the rate of growth for non-programming expenses to trend lower in 2017 compared to 2016 and this is as we continue to focus on the benefit from the customer experience initiatives that Brian outlined, I talked about. And we will continue to have really focused cost management, so there's big opportunities. While we're not changing anything in regards to the margin and where things are going, what we're focusing on is continuing to take transactions out, by just doing a better job of handling repeats and all the digital capabilities and we're seeing it really take hold. So I think there's upside in regards to these operational efficiencies. This will be online. This will be through apps. And actually, right through X1 itself, you'll be able to resolve issues. So the voice remote will connect you to content. The voice remote will also be a service option. So we're excited about this. This is going to be a big focus in regards to efficiencies, but no changes, obviously, as Mike said, to margin guidance. And on Home Security, the second part, excited about Home Security. This is another good opportunity we talked about another option for us in terms of packaging. Just in our footprint alone, it's a $9 billion opportunity. And so we added the 66,000 for the quarter and just about 1 million customers at this point. So the benefits for Home Security continue to be in packaging. We have over 90% of our customers, Home Security customers, are subscribing to three or four product bundles and half of these customers are brand new to us. So it opens up, as I expect Mobile to and has been proven with XFINITY Home, it helps consideration. So we're bringing new people in to think about overall, our packaging. So we're pleased with it. We are not giving any financials as the specifics of Home Security, but it's a healthy contributor to our efforts.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, Dave.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Phil. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. A couple questions for Steve. Can you just talk about advertising at the stations versus the networks? I just got back from the NAB and I think the ad environment is a lot more tempered, both from a short-term and a long-term basis, so just curious on your thoughts there. And also, any thoughts on the potential impact of a writers strike? I know you had positive comments on the upfront, but just thinking about that. And then secondly, I guess for Dave, the press keeps reporting that Comcast has an elective desire to go outside your footprint. Can you talk about why this strategy might or might not make sense?
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: So let me start with the writers' strike. I think in the majority of cases, things get resolved. And I'm optimistic and hopeful that the writers' strike will get resolved. Strikes aren't good for anybody. The people on both sides of the table tend to lose and I'm hopeful that we're going to get it done. And we're coming down to the deadline. In terms of local advertising, I think the national and local markets are quite different and exhibit different characteristics. I do think there's more weakness in local. I think national is quite strong, but I think local has pockets of weakness. We're in a unique position because we have gained so much share at the NBC stations, and the Telemundo stations are growing so quickly in terms of ratings, that we're not as affected. We've grown EBITDA very substantially in the owned stations over the last few years. So we're feeling good about the local station market. Our retransmission consent numbers are growing very, very dramatically and our ad sales are just fine, but I do think it's a fair comment that the local advertising market is weaker than the national one.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: I think the second part in regards to out-of-footprint opportunities, Marci, there're kind of two things. One, we think we have a lot of opportunity just in our footprint. It's a big upside. We continue to believe in what we're doing. So that's the first thing. The second thing, we just haven't found the business model that works outside. We'll keep evaluating, keep looking at it, but our success within our footprint is packaging, bundling. So we'll continue to drive that internally within our footprint.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Okay, Marci. Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. Thank you. Yeah, first, let me add my congratulations to your new role, Dave. That's terrific news. So I guess since we've sort of beaten the thinly-disguised M&A questions to death, I'm going to turn to something else. There's so much expectation about 5G wireless as a competitor in your footprint, I wonder if you could just talk about what your own internal strategic analysis of 5G as a competitor has told you about that. And then, Dave, if I could ask a somewhat technical question about your new wireless service, can you talk about when you expect to have, or if you expect to have, hot handoffs between the Wi-Fi network and the wireless network? And is that permissible under the Verizon agreement?
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Well, first off, thank you, Craig, and appreciate that. Let me start with 5G and I'll get to the Wi-Fi question. First, the main thing with 5G, reminding everybody, I think folks know, it is early. I've been through it before, back in the day, in wireless. There are promising, really promising, aspects of the new technologies, but it takes time to scale. So while there may be early-stage applications of something like 5G, we compete today with microwave applications, the MDUs in dense urban areas. So, again, while there's promise, we're going to stay close to it. We're testing both fixed and mobile aspects of it. And I think the main question for 5G, at least for us, with this higher frequency range, can it be used to broadly, reliably and economically deliver fixed wireless broadband? So we're going to stay right next to it, and I think we're on the same testing curve as everybody else. I don't believe, at this stage at all, that it's a significant threat in regards to the wireless fixed broadband side. But in the meantime, on that front, we're not standing still. We're going after DOCSIS 3.1. We're rolling it out. We'll have 65% of that deployed by the end of the year. We're working on great devices; the best wireless gateway that we have, that'll deliver 1 gig capability. So this will continue to improve our competitive position as this evolves, and we'll stay close to it. As to the question on the wireless side and the technical side, no new news in terms of the timeframe. I would say we are working on the Wi-Fi capability. As Brian mentioned, we got a good first step in terms of the auto connection, just taking some of the pain points out of the interaction between 4G and Wi-Fi, simplifying that process. The next step that we're on, that's one of them, but no timeframe to deliver that seamless handoff.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. Thank you, Dave.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Craig. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Question on cable on the Wi-Fi front, and one for Steve on NBC. For Dave or Brian, either one of you, I'm curious. How do you think we should be thinking about xFi and what that might mean for your business? I guess what I'm trying to get a sense of is what does it mean to make Wi-Fi great for the consumer? How important is this to your mobility efforts? And how you think about selling this? Is this something you're going to be pushing into the base? I believe you've been sort of upgrading gateways and routers for years now and so probably have relatively new equipment in the field, but how you're thinking about the cost and benefits of this. And then for Steve, when you guys did the NBC deal, the Cable Networks were the high-growth asset. And everything else was sort of, we'll see what happens. And today, the world sort of turned around and people are most excited about the non-Cable Network businesses and concerned about Cable Networks. You're pared some of your networks back. There's a lot happening with the bundle out there, but you put up some pretty nice affiliate revenue growth this quarter, which sounds like it will continue. Can you give us a little bit of a state of the state for the business as you think about the growth opportunity ahead of the Cable Networks segment, which is an area certainly people are more nervous about? Thank you.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Okay. Ben. Got a lot in there so we'll see if we can cover all that or we'll take a shot. Let me just kick off on the xFi, which is we're going to talk about it a little bit down the road so let me leave a little bit as we put it out there, but as a strategy matter, a couple relevant things. First of all, as I don't have to remind you, we have more broadband customers than we do video. And the rate of that growth is pretty exciting in broadband. So as we built and I think completely remade Comcast in the last decade into an innovation and technology thinking and new products company, our team looked at the broadband space and said, well, right now, it's really just speed is the main differentiator. But our usage of broadband in the home, whether it's your home printer, your tablets, smart devices, home security is just exploding with the amount of things. And if you project out two, five, 10 years, you're going to see more and more use of broadband in the home. That's the bet we're making. I think it's a fairly safe bet. So how do we bring the same innovation mentality that we did to video the last decade with the incredible X1 and then the voice remote and the content and the rights management all working seamlessly for the consumer? And that's the trajectory that I think the team is on. We're going to deliver to our broadband customers levels of options of services, levels of speeds and services, but also a mindset of innovation, constant innovation. And some of the things  and Dave, you can go into specifics or we can hold that, but I think it's demonstrating to us that we have a leadership and we're going to use that leadership opportunity to innovate.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Well, let me offer just a couple things. We are excited about xFi. It'll rolled out later, so more to come. But our goal is to do to broadband what we did with video and X1, create a much better experience of Wi-Fi. Our strategy has been to focus in the home with providing great Wi-Fi because great high-speed Internet is not just a connected experience; it's Wi-Fi spread throughout the house. So xFi is simply three things: it's great speed; it's great coverage; and then this next generation cloud capability control. It lets you define the user experience throughout the household. So, again, more to come on that, but I think it's a premium position for us and evidence that we're going to keep growing the broadband category, not just on speed, but coverage is awfully important so we'll control over time, so more to come.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Just to be clear, it doesn't require everybody to go get a new device. There may be some opportunities for customers to want to upgrade to different things, but as we launched XFINITY with an X1, it was when we reached a certain level, you got a certain service. You were no longer in the past. You were in the future. I think that's the mindset as we're thinking about this.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: That's a great point. It will have approximately 10 million customers can immediately benefit from this in terms of the devices. So they'll be new devices, existing devices, so we're in pretty good shape to go after a large chunk of our customers.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Helpful. Thank you.
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: Cable Networks, which grew, I think, 17% in terms of revenue this quarter, I think that's going to be a high watermark. I don't think we're going to replicate that many quarters in the future. I think this is still a good business. It's a very profitable business and it's a business we should be able to grow. I don't think we're going to grow it more than, call it, low to mid-single-digit growth rate, but you've basically got a bunch of different ways that you make money. You've got affiliate fees, which in this quarter went up 9%. That won't always be the case, but affiliate's fees should go up. You've got ad sales, which is a function of ratings and CPM. And, to a degree, they cancel each other out, but I think it's quite possible that we will have quarters where ad sales go backwards. But if affiliate fees go up and ad sales go backwards, you can still have revenue growth. And then the other way you obviously make revenue is by content distribution deals with people like Netflix and Hulu and Amazon. And we had a good deal in this quarter, which increased that. And then you can also make money on digital and other new technologies. Over-the-Top I think is going to be moderately beneficial to these businesses. We're not counting on Over-the-Top being a huge impact, but I think it will be moderately beneficial. And it's going to be a grindier business than it was, but it's a lot of cash. And I think our job is to continue to grow the legacy businesses and the businesses that are very profitable but have a lower growth rate, while at the same time investing in things like theme parks, consumer products, Telemundo, digital, et cetera, that have higher growth rates and hopefully blend it to something that is attractive to investors.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, everybody.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Ben. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Frank Louthan with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Frank Garreth Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you, just want to talk about Business Services quickly. What sort of investments can we expect you to make in terms of sales and engineering as you see that grow? And then, if you could comment also on network investment with regards to the Chairman's commentary about Open Internet Order. If that goes as described, what sort of new quantifying growth investment opportunity you might see that that would open up?
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Let me take Business Services, Frank. So one of the things that, right from the beginning to look at, we're still, there's a lot of opportunity and upside around growth and you look at the three basic categories that we have: SMB, we're at 40%; penetration midmarket, we're at 10% penetration; enterprise, less than 5%. So I think extensions, plan extensions, it's success-based, but opportunistically looking at a couple of proactive ones where they make sense and get a good return, we'll continue to evaluate those. And we think those are good sound areas to keep investing. We like our rate of growth. Bill Stemper and his team are doing a fabulous job. So it's an area that will continue to have sustainable good revenue growth, but we'll invest to keep that going.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: I think, on your regulatory question, we're encouraged that the FCC made the announcement yesterday and is beginning a process to revisit whether Title II is really the right regime. We've said for a long time that we think it puts a damper on ability to invest and react to change. And we steward a lot of capital every year. And so having the right kind of consumer protections and Net Neutrality, which we've said we support and want, but not in a regulatory regime designed for a different era that doesn't apply to the business. And so the beginning of that conversation is heartening and I think it will allow for, hopefully, an end result that balances the need for consumers and our commitment, legally enforceable, for those consumers to know that they can surf an open and free Internet, but not do so in a way that has real dark clouds for our investment community.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Frank. Next question, please.
Frank Garreth Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Thank you. Two questions, first for David, the virtual MVPD market seems to be scaling. Can you talk about what impact Comcast's broadly seeing? We've seen some of your competitors not show good subscriber trends. . The press has talked about it. Can you talk about what market segment is that really going target? And then for Mike, obviously, there's been talk about tax reform, maybe a little early on a view there, but if that does happen, how do you sort of look at capital allocation from return on capital and investment in broadband? Thank you.
David N. Watson - Comcast Corp.: Let me start, the competitive landscape. So there's no question that video, high-speed, both are competitive, but it has been competitive. I'd start with maybe the most important thing I'd tell you is we added 42,000 video customers in the quarter and so there's a lot to that in terms of what we're doing. The good news is it's not one thing that puts us in that position. Let's start with a fantastic X1 platform. How we go to market through segmentation and packaging that make sense for customers, and I would say we're in the early innings of operational improvements and how we deliver good bundles, good packaging, that helps us compete. So one of the main things that we look at is constant churn improvement and making sure that, as we have success, which I think we're holding our own, on attracting new customers, but we also want to hold onto folks longer. So I think that our product position is strong and how we compete against folks when  we've been going up against discounted video offerings for some time. And so we look at the new entrants as a broad category and we won't necessarily chase everything. We stick with our guns. Our guns are developing and providing great products and good healthy packaging and taking broadband video, whether it now, home security, phone and/or mobile. I think that will help us compete. So to the extent that we go and leverage any other form of lower priced tiers, we do that in an extremely targeted and segmented way, and we think that that helps us compete. So I like our position and like our momentum. We had, again, good quarter, feel good about the video momentum, even with the increased competitive climate.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: And, Vijay, on capital returns, so the company's got a great track record of being very thoughtful about how we balance our needs to invest in the business and return capital to shareholders. So we maintain a strong capital structure, as you know. And we think that's strategically important. We like the idea of consistently increasing the return of capital to shareholders, but making sure that we keep the ability to allocate strategic capital to take advantage of opportunities when they arise. So it's way too early on tax reform to say anything, other than we seemingly are positioned well to be a beneficiary of the various ways in which it might shake out. And once we have some final details, we'll take all that into consideration through the lens that we've always talked about, our balancing capital priorities.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Great. Thanks so much.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Vijay. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jonathan Chaplin with New Street Research. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thank you. So the trends in Other costs in the Cable segment are really encouraging and I'm wondering as we look ahead to next year with programming costs reverting to more normal trends of growth, if you can maintain this lower growth in Other costs, it seems like we could see real meaningful margin expansion for the first time in a few years after sort of years of investment in the business. It looks like you could do at least sort of 100 to 150 basis points of margin expansion in the Cable segment. And I'm not expecting you guys to give guidance at this point for next year, but I'm just wondering if we're thinking about the trends in the business in the right way?
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Well, Jonathan, it's Mike. Thanks for the question. I mean, Dave covered earlier all of the things that are ongoing in the business, in terms of attacking non-programming expenses. And we've commented previously on where programming goes. So the answer, as I said earlier, is we're not going to go beyond the guidance we already gave of margins for this year, but we'll keep working on optimizing the business for the long term and we'll be back to you early next year with our thoughts.
Jonathan Chaplin - New Street Research LLP (US): Thanks.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jonathan. Regina, we'll take one last question, please.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente with Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Instinet: Thanks for taking my question. My question is for Steve, really, on the theme of the value of sports rights. So since the last earnings call, we saw Amazon pay $50 million for the Thursday Night Football NFL rights, putting up behind a paywall. NBC Sports, obviously, shares the linear deal with CBS. How do you, Steve, think about that agreement now as it comes up for renewal? And just on sports more broadly, how do you think about valuing the linear side of sports rights in an environment where those rights could become more bifurcated? You have linear on the one side and then you have the Internet players bidding up the value of the streaming rights of the other side. Love to hear your updated thoughts there. Thank you.
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: Well, I think it's early on. I mean, if you look at the ratings for Sunday Night Football or Thursday Night Football when Twitter had the deal, or the Olympics when we do our streaming, streaming is typically very low single-digit percentage of the total. And then in many of these deals, and this is the case with the Twitter deal and the Amazon deal, the same ads that are on linear are also in the digital feed. So from an aggregating-an-audience point of view, it really has been a very minimal impact, and the impact is combined. I think more broadly, we feel very good about our sports deals. We have an Olympics deal that goes out until 2032. And we have a long-term NFL deal. And these are deals that really make their money on advertising. The bulk of the money that we make on the Olympics is because we're advertising on primetime. They're not affiliate fee-related. They're not related to the number of subs that are in the MVPD universe. These are deals that basically wash their face very nicely based on advertising and they're long term, and so we like the sports business a lot. We think a company like ours should be in the sports business. The Olympics are part of the DNA of NBCUniversal. And it's a good business, in our opinion, going forward for many, many years. Families will gather to watch major sporting events. And they're going to want to watch it predominantly, not always, not 100%, but predominantly on a big screen. And we're happy to be the company that brings those big events to them.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Let me just, if I might, wrap up by just saying that great start to the quarter, and I think that you can tell by the Q&A, that there's a lot of projects and momentum that is unique. I also think, Dave, hopefully, everybody else can see why we're so excited to have Dave leading the Cable division. He's got a grasp of the issues. He's going to take the work that Neil started and he started with him, and accelerate us and focus even better as we go forward and pick priorities as we now go into new businesses, and his expertise is particularly perfect at this moment. So really, really pleased with this start, and we look forward to reporting to you next quarter.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: So we'll end the call there. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. Regina, back to you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:00 PM Eastern Time. It will run through Thursday, May 4, at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 84390200. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 PM Eastern Time today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for joining. You may all disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp. Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp. Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp. Neil Smit - Comcast Corp. Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.
Analysts: Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Anthony DiClemente, CFA - Nomura Instinet Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke and Neil Smit. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As a reminder, as part of the FCC's anti-collusion rules for the Broadcast Incentive Auction, we cannot discuss or answer any questions related to the auction or spectrum today. As always, let me now refer you to slide number 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and reminds you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. I look back on 2016 with real pride and enthusiasm. Comcast NBCUniversal is a special company with a fantastic team working really well together, and we're executing an exceptionally high level. We had a terrific year and it ended on a real high note with our strong fourth quarter performance. In the quarter: we added nearly 400,000 broadband subscribers; we're again Video net add positive; and we made important customer-friendly advancements, highlighted by the launch of Netflix on the X1 platform where we've seen an incredible first few months of sign-on activity and engagement. Over at NBCUniversal, we capped off a strong 2016 with the box office success of Sing, and NBC is already off to another excellent start in the 2016-2017 TV season. So all-in-all, a great end to the year for Comcast NBCUniversal, and this provides strong momentum as we begin 2017. For the full year 2016, we increased revenue 7.9% and operating cash flow 7%, and generated over $8 billion in free cash flow. The consistency and strength of our results enables us, with the support of our board, to announce a 15% increase in our dividend, our ninth consecutive annual increase. We are also announcing that we will split our stock 2-for-1, the 12th split in our company's history. Finally, we increased our share repurchase authorization to $12 billion and expect to repurchase $5 billion in stock in 2017. Comcast NBCUniversal has an unrivaled portfolio of businesses that are working well together. So let me talk about some of our notable achievements in 2016, and then some of the things we're looking forward to for 2017 and beyond. Starting with Cable, we added 161,000 Video subscribers. This is our best result and also the first time we have added Video subscribers in a decade, ending with almost 23 million strong. This is a fantastic accomplishment. To do this in the face of increasing competition and the rapid evolution in the category, speaks volumes about the team's innovative culture, focused execution, and the leadership position we've developed with X1. Speaking of X1, we've now deployed it to approximately 50% of our residential Video customers and we're seeing continued impressive results. We'll keep driving X1 into our base and add features along the way to help further differentiate the experience as well as adding to our list of X1 licensing partners, which now includes Cox, Shaw and, most recently, Rogers. In broadband, we added 1.4 million subscribers. This is the 11th year in a row that we've add more than 1 million. And, in fact, in 2016, we had our highest full-year result in nine years. All-in-all, at Cable, we added 858,000 net new customer relationships, which is up 29% year-over-year. We have a great formula going with industry-leading products including the best in-home WiFi experience and the most complete video delivery platform. We also continue to make significant progress in our customer service, reducing customer calls handled by our agents by over 22 million in 2016, a double-digit improvement year-over-year. All of this is contributing to better customer retention and, therefore, extended customer life across each of our products. In Business Services, we have really hit our stride, ending the year with a nearly $6 billion revenue run rate and great traction across all three of the customer segments that we serve, small, medium and enterprise. At NBCUniversal, we had a fantastic year, further validating what a game-changing acquisition this was. As we've said before, operating cash flow at NBCUniversal has more than doubled since the announcement of the acquisition. And now, we can report that we have grown operating cash flow double digits each of the last four years; pretty great performance, in my opinion. In our TV businesses, This Is Us is the year's breakout new hit series and a wonderful show. SNL is having its most-watched season in 20 years and we continue to rank No. 1 across day parts in broadcast, ranging from the TODAY show to Nightly News, all the way through to Late Night. And Telemundo beat Univision on many nights for the first time in its history. In Cable Networks, USA was the number one cable entertainment network for the 11th consecutive year. MSNBC produced outstanding growth, and we ended the year with eight of the top 25 cable entertainment shows in the fourth quarter. In Film, we knew in 2016, we had tough comps from the year before at Universal. We ended up with a wonderful year, with two breakout hits laying the groundwork for future franchises with Secret Live of Pets and Sing. In Parks, the standout was in Hollywood, where our new Harry Potter attraction opened to tremendous guest reception and shattered attendance records. In addition, we continue to focus on growing internationally, creating a global platform that we expect to build upon for years to come. Overall, our progress in 2016 sets us up incredibly well for 2017. So as we look to our priorities for the year, in Cable, we are focused on further strengthening our leading position in high-speed data, winning in Video, successfully bundling these and our other innovative products, expanding in Business Services, building upon the improvements we've made in customer experience. While 2017 will involve an uptick in programming expenses, as Mike will detail, we expect programming cost growth to return to more normalized levels beyond 2017. And we've taken steps in this coming year in our cost structure to protect our margin and our ability to grow Cable's operating cash flow. Another priority in 2017 is to launch our wireless product. I would characterize our efforts and approach in the following way. One, we plan to include wireless in our multi-product bundles in a way that is designed to add value to our customers, improve retention and ultimately benefit lifetime customer economics for us. Our offering will give customers access to a world-class wireless network benefiting from our WiFi with the best mobile devices and a simple, transparent experience, all for a great value. Two, we will be disciplined with our investment and expect to be NPV positive on each incremental customer once we've achieved a limited initial scale. And three, we will be measured in our roll-out, learning and adapting along the way. Mike will provide some additional details later on the call. At NBCUniversal, we're well-positioned with a range of opportunities ahead of us. The conclusion of recent distribution deals at year-end gives us excellent runway on retrans and affiliate fees. In addition, the year is off to a great start at Broadcast, where, so far this season, NBC is once again ranked number one in 18-to-49 viewing, but this time has more than a 30% margin over the number two ranked network. This is the biggest lead for any network 17 weeks into the season in the history of Nielsen's People Meter sample. In Parks, we expect big things from Orlando in 2017, as we bring a third gate to market with our spectacular new water park, Volcano Bay, and launch an impressive Jimmy Fallon attraction, Race Through New York. In Film, the year-end success continues to benefit us into the first quarter, which helps us start the year on solid footing leading into upcoming releases of our returning top franchises, including Fifty Shades Darker, The Fate of the Furious and Despicable Me 3. So overall, we're confident and optimistic about the opportunities ahead. We have great momentum in our businesses, and we'll stay true to our formula, embracing ways to be entrepreneurial and invest prudently for growth, looking for smart investments while also returning a significant amount of cash to shareholders. Mike, over to you.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everybody. I'm starting on slide 5 for those following presentation online. I'm going to go into greater detail on the slides to come, but let me give a quick summary of the consolidated numbers. Our fourth quarter results reflect consistent execution and broad-based strength across our businesses. Consolidated revenue increased 9.2% and operating cash flow grew 7.8% for the fourth quarter, reflecting solid growth in our operating businesses. Earnings per share was $0.95, a 20.3% increase compared to a year ago. On an adjusted basis, EPS increased 9.9% to $0.89. Free cash flow during the quarter increased 64.2% to $2.6 billion, primarily driven by growth in operating cash flow and improvements in working capital. For the full year, we generated $8.2 billion of free cash flow, a decline of 8.2%. This decline was mainly driven by higher working capital and capital expenditures. So now let's start with Cable Communications on slide 6. Cable Communications delivered strong fourth quarter results. Revenue increased 7.1% to $12.8 billion, as we added 258,000 customer relationships and reduced churn across all products. In fact, we have improved churn in Video and high-speed data for 12 consecutive quarters, which we believe is driven by the positive benefits of the X1 platform, our best-in-class high-speed data product and the meaningful strides we have made in improving customer service. High-Speed Internet continues to be the largest contributor to overall Cable revenue growth. Revenue increased 9% to $3.5 billion in the quarter, reflecting an increase in our customer base and rate adjustments. Our customer momentum continued as we added a combined 385,000 net residential and business high speed data customers in the quarter and added 1.4 million net customers during the full year, our best full year results in nine years. Our high-speed data penetration is 43.8%, up from 41.9% a year ago, as customers continue to respond to our product differentiation. Through consistent investment and innovation, we offer the best broadband product on the market. We double the capacity of our network every 18 to 24 months, have increased Internet speed 17 times in the past 16 years, and now over 50% of our residential customers have speeds of 100 megabits per second or higher. Coupled with the best in-home WiFi experience, we believe this greatly increases our customer value proposition and competitive differentiation. Looking ahead in 2017 and beyond, we think there's a lot of runway to continue to grow high-speed data subscribers. Video revenue increased 4.3% to $5.6 billion in the quarter, primarily due to rate adjustments and customers subscribing to additional services. In terms of volume, we added an impressive combined 161,000 net Video customers in 2016, compared to a loss of 36,000 customers in 2015. This is the first time in 10 years that we have added Video customers for a full year. We ended the year strong, adding 80,000 net Video customers in the fourth quarter, driven by continued improvements in customer retention, better market segmentation and broader recognition of what we believe is the best video product on the market. Our X1 platform is a real competitive differentiator, and we have made good progress rolling it out. We deployed X1 to 936,000 net new and existing customers during the quarter, ending the year with 48% of our residential Video customers having X1 compared to 30% a year ago. Even as we have expanded the base of X1 customers, the positive benefits continue with better retention, improved customer satisfaction, and higher Net Promoter Scores for X1 customers. As a result, we will continue our rollout of X1 at a healthy pace, with an expectation that year end 2017 penetration will be in the low 60%s range. Voice revenue declined by 3% to $873 million in the fourth quarter, as the positive impact of adding a combined 44,000 net customers was offset by a modest decline in ARPU. The strong results in Business Services continued in the fourth quarter. Revenues increased 14.5% to $1.4 billion during the quarter, with the small business segment accounting for over 70% of our revenue and 60% of our growth, driven primarily by the net increase in customers. Revenue for the midsize business segment had a higher growth rate, fueled primarily by additional Ethernet sites as we continue to invest in expanding that business. Cable Advertising revenue increased 14.9% to $728 million, reflecting higher political revenue related to the elections. Excluding the political contribution, our Cable Advertising revenue decreased 1.9%. Turning to slide 7, fourth quarter Cable Communications operating cash flow increased 6.4% to $5.2 billion, resulting in a margin of 40.4% compared to 40.6% in the fourth quarter of 2015. The change in margin was driven by higher expenses, primarily related to programming. Programming expenses grew 12.2% during the quarter, reflecting the timing of contract renewals, while the full year increased 10.1%. The underlying increases continue to be driven by higher retransmission consent fees and higher sports programming costs. For 2017, we expect programming expense growth of approximately 13%, driven by contract renewals that began in the second half of 2016 as well as additional contract renewals beginning in the first quarter. We continue to believe that in the years following 2017, programming expense growth should normalize to historic levels of high single-digit growth. Non-programming expenses increased 4.8% for the quarter, which is lower than the full year growth of 5.7%. The fourth quarter growth reflects higher expenses to continue the rollout of X1, but these are partially offset by benefits we are beginning to realize from the investments we have made to improve the customer experience over the past several quarters. Notably, customer service expenses declined 2.1% this quarter. We expect the rate of growth for non-programming expenses to trend lower in 2017 compared to 2016, as we continue to benefit from our customer experience initiatives and disciplined cost management. Our focus on cost controls, along with modest rate adjustments and growth in high margin businesses like high-speed data and Business Services, should allow us to again mostly offset the impact of elevated programming expense growth. As a result, our outlook for 2017 Cable operating margin is that it will be flat to down 50 basis points compared to 40.2% in 2016. So now, let's move onto NBCUniversal's results. On slide 8, you can see NBCUniversal's revenue increased 13% and operating cash flow increased 14% in the quarter. Adjusting to include the acquisition of Universal Studios Japan in last year's results, pro forma revenue increased 10.5% and operating cash flow increased 7.8%. Cable Networks revenue increased 4% and operating cash flow increased 2.4% to $916 million, reflecting higher distribution and content licensing and other revenue, partially offset by an increase in programming and production expenses, including higher sports rights costs. Distribution revenue increased 4.7%, driven by contractual rate increases and contract renewals, partially offset by a slight decline in subscribers at our Cable Networks. Content licensing and other revenue increased 14.6%, due to the timing of content provided under licensing agreements as well as the sale of USA's Falling Water into SVOD. Advertising revenue increased slightly, as higher rates were mostly offset by ratings declines. Broadcast Television had another strong quarter, with revenue growth of 14% and operating cash flow growth of 21.1%, to $264 million. This increase reflects higher advertising, content licensing and retransmission revenue, partially offset by higher programming and production spending. Advertising revenue growth of 12.4% included our premiere of Thursday Night Football and higher political advertising. Excluding these, advertising increased modestly, as strong pricing from the upfront outpaced ratings declines. Content licensing increased 20.2%, primarily due to the availability of content provided under licensing agreements. Last, retransmission revenue increased 55% to over $200 million for the quarter, and totaled nearly $850 million for the full year. In 2017, retransmission revenues should reach nearly $1.4 billion, an increase of almost 65% over 2016, as a result of the recent successful renewals of a number of our distribution agreements. Film revenue increased 12.6% to $1.8 billion and operating cash flow declined 15.3% to $121 million. These results reflect the full quarter of DreamWorks, which we acquired at the end of August. While the strong box office performance of Sing drove a 97% increase in theatrical revenue during the quarter, a tough home entertainment comparison to last year and DreamWorks-related expenses resulted in the 15.3% decline in OCF. For the year, Film generated about $700 million in OCF. While this is down 43.5%, due to the difficult comparison to the record results that we achieved in 2015, 2016 nonetheless proved to be one of the best years in the history of our film studio. And in 2017, we are excited to have some of our biggest franchises return. Theme Parks revenue increased 32.1% to $1.3 billion. And operating cash flow increased 41.9% to $640 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. On a pro forma basis for Universal Japan, revenue increased 13.2% and operating cash flow increased 18.4%. These results reflect higher attendance and higher per capita spending, driven by new attractions including The Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Hollywood, King Kong and The Incredible Hulk in Orlando, and the Jurassic Park Coaster in Japan. In addition, the stronger Japanese yen has a positive impact, accounting for about 20% of the overall OCF growth. Partially offsetting these results were higher costs associated with new attractions, and the impact of having to close our Orlando Park for two days due to Hurricane Matthew. As we look to 2017, we expect our investments in new attractions to continue to drive growth. As Brian mentioned, we are looking forward to Orlando opening a third gate with the Volcano Bay Water Park. In addition, we will be opening a Jimmy Fallon attraction in Orlando, and bringing the successful Despicable Me attraction to Japan. Let's move to slide 9 now to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. Consolidated capital expenditures decreased 2.4% to $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter. At Cable Communications, capital expenditures increased 1.5% to $2.1 billion for the quarter and increased 7.9% to $7.6 billion for the full year, resulting in capital intensity of 15.2%, which is in line with the plan we outlined at the beginning of the year. The full year was led by customer premise equipment including X1 and wireless gateways, which remained the largest component of our capital expenditures, though spending declined modestly year-over-year. We also invested in our network through increased spending in line extensions as we extended our network to more business and residential customers and in scalable infrastructure as we invested to increase our network capacity. These investments enhance our competitive position, allowing us to continue to take advantage of opportunities to grow penetration and market share by delivering the best broadband product to more homes and businesses. For 2017, spending on CPE is expected to continue to decline, while we increase our investment in network capacity as well as our investment in line extensions to reach more customers. As a result, our outlook is for 2017 capital intensity to remain flat to 2016 at approximately 15%. Longer-term, as spending on CPE continues to decline as X1 scales and shifts to less expensive IP devices, we expect to see a decline in overall capital intensity. At NBCUniversal, capital expenditures decreased 17.2% to $461 million in the fourth quarter and increased 4.8% to $1.5 billion for the full year. The full year growth was primarily driven by the inclusion of Universal Studios Japan and investments in the Orlando Park. In 2017, NBCUniversal's capital investment plan is expected to increase approximately 10%, reflecting the continued spending in Theme Parks, as these investments are clearly generating strong returns as they drive increased attendance and per capita spending. Now before finishing on return of capital, let me build on Brian's earlier comments on wireless. In terms of how we'll report on our wireless initiative, we'll report the results of wireless in the Corporate and Other segment. And once the business is launched, we'll provide quarterly reporting on its key financial metrics. The only guidance we can provide for 2017, since we still haven't launched our offering, is that the OCF of the Corporate and Other segment may see an additional $200 million to $300 million drag over the approximately $900 million of negative OCF in 2016. Separate from the OCF impact of wireless is the working capital impact of providing handsets. Our approach will be to purchase the phones and collect handset-related payments from our wireless customers over time. While this approach to handset financing will impact the timing of our free cash flow recognition, we wouldn't expect it to impact overall company capital allocation plans. We are excited to launch and learn from our wireless initiative in 2017. Now, let's finish on slide 10 with our capital allocation plans. To remind everyone, our capital allocation plan is a balance of several important priorities. The first is investing in our businesses to increase the long-term earnings capacity of the company, including our CapEx investment, the deployment of capital to enhance our existing businesses, and exploring growth opportunities. I believe the plan we have for 2017 will continue to demonstrate our prudent and consistent approach to investing in our businesses. The second aspect of the balance is a healthy and steady return of capital to shareholders. As you can see on the left side of the page, Comcast has a great track record of consistent capital returns. In 2016, we returned $7.6 billion to shareholders, comprised of $2.6 billion in dividends and $5 billion in share repurchases. For 2017, we are increasing our dividend 15% to $1.26 per share, which reflects our efforts to deliver a prudent dividend payout ratio balanced with a competitive relative yield, consistent with ranges in which the company has operated in the past. We believe we have a strong history in this respect. This is the ninth consecutive annual increase in the dividend. And the compound annual growth rate in our dividend from 2009 to 2016 was 22.2% versus 10.3% for the S&P 500. In addition to the dividend increase, we expect to buy back $5 billion of stock in 2017, similar to our buyback in 2016. And the last element of balancing our capital return priorities is the imperative to maintain a strong balance sheet. We ended 2016 at 2.2 times leverage, and we continue to be comfortable operating with leverage around this level. That concludes our summary of the quarter. I hope that everyone now has a good sense for how pleased we are with our fourth quarter and full year 2016 results as well as our momentum as we begin 2017. Now, I'll turn it back to Jason to lead the Q&A session.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Mike. Regina, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. One for Neil and one for Steve, if that's okay; Neil, Brian outlined like several priorities for 2017. And there just seems to be a lot going on in your area. Could you give us color on maybe your top three priorities for the year? And then for Steve, seven years later, there still seems to be some big buckets of growth opportunity for NBCU. Some of the more obvious ones seem like Telemundo, where your ratings are up pretty dramatically versus your competitor, consumer products and Theme Parks, obviously. Can you talk about some of the areas that provide the biggest upside? And maybe is Cable Networks the biggest risk for the year?
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Hi, Jessica. This is Neil. I think the top three priorities are: continue to win in Video, rolling out X1 deeper into the base; drive and continue winning in HSD, where we roll out DOCSIS 3.1 and advanced gateways and drive Business Services; continue to rollout hyperbuilds and roll in all three markets, small, medium and enterprise. I think additionally, we're going to continue to focus on customer experience. And we'll roll out the wireless product in the middle of the year.
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: So we've owned NBCUniversal now for almost exactly six years. And during that time, we've had the fastest compounded growth rate of any of the media companies. I still think there's a lot of opportunity, maybe not quite as much opportunity as there was in the early days, but you mentioned a few of the areas. Theme Parks, I think we have a long, long runway. As long as we invest and build more hotel rooms and have creative attractions, we, I think, have a lot of growth ahead of us there. Consumer products you mentioned. We were essentially out of the consumer products business six years ago. And now, that business I think is couple hundred million dollars of OCF and has a long, long runway as we build that out. Telemundo's a great story, where Telemundo was essentially making no money at all. And it now makes a couple hundred million dollars a year. And, as you mentioned, our ratings would suggest in the future, we should make significantly more than that. But we have another dozen things that we're looking at investing in and trying to optimize and grow. And I think the easiest stuff, obviously, you do first, but I think we still have a lot of opportunity to continue to grow the company.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jessica. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. I want to ask about X1 and about free cash flow. So on X1, either for Brian or Neil or both of you, when you look at the X1 deployment in 2017, and particularly the impact you've had recently deploying that product, how are the returns looking versus what you saw going back to the beginning of the deployment? I'm wondering if you're seeing the same kind of churn, ARPU lift, et cetera. And I know the product has obviously evolved. You mentioned Netflix. Just curious how you think about that going forward versus what we've seen in the past and if the low 60%s is sort of the maturation point for that product, in your mind? And then on free cash flow for Mike, free cash flow in 2016, I think, was down year-on-year. It's a big working capital drag. I guess it's mostly NBC related, but you mentioned the wireless drag. Any help with free cash flow in 2017? And maybe help us think about how you prioritize free cash flow versus earnings from a financial management perspective of the company?
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Ben, concerning X1, we continue to see very positive results consistent with early in the launch. We were at 48% penetration, going to low 60%s next year. I think ultimately, it could be a 75% to 80% penetration. DVR uptake is three times the legacy. Pay-per-view is two times. We get more additional outlets. We get more VOD viewing. So it continues to be an improved impact on retention and higher ARPU. So I think we're going to continue to drive it into the base, and it's continued to perform as well or better than expectations.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Before Mike jumps in, let me just add to that. If you look at our Video ARPU and combine that with the fact that we had the best Video year in 10 years, and half our base now is X1, it's pretty exciting to get the other half, however far it can ultimately go with that product. The product itself didn't remain static. The Netflix integration, just to name one, was a great achievement during the year. What we did during the Olympics was really special and, of course, voice, the amount of utterances. The last thing is the team is really focused on reliability of X1, hardening the system. And I've seen a number of charts of sort of customers who've had it now for a couple years and what their churn and their reliability and their usage  and every way you study this thing, it looks like a fantastic product, game-changing product, and I think the results continue to encourage us to keep going.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Ben, it's Mike. So on free cash flow in 2016, the decline was for the reasons we talked about on this call a year ago. It was a year where we had, in particular, a drag on working capital given the Olympics. But as you look at 2017, based on everything we've said earlier on this call, the operating results and momentum in both of the operating businesses, as well as a plan for good investments in the businesses, net of all that is we expect to grow free cash flow in 2017. Beyond that, I would say it's our expectation to be growing free cash flow over the long term, though one year to the next, we'll have some variability based upon some of the investments and, obviously, some of the business cycles, but we do focus on it. It's a big, important factor as we're running the company. It's not the only thing we look at, though. So hopefully, that covers it for you.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Ben. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. Thank you. Brian, I wonder if you could talk a little bit more about your wireless entry this year. And in particular, sort of how should we think about the MVNO agreement with Verizon? Should we think of the MVNO agreement as sort of an end state? That is, where  something that you think you can actually make a real sustainable long-term business or more as a stepping stone to a longer-term strategy, where you think of the MVNO really as sort of the market entry strategy instead?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Well, I think what we've said was pretty clear. But just to go a little deeper into that now is I believe that we'll find out. But we're hoping that it's an end state strategy and that it's sustainable. And the goal of the business is to have better bundling with some of our customers who want to save some of their bill and get a world-class product and take a bundle and have lower churn. And if you can achieve that, we'll see. The economics really work. And that's the goal. And there's only one way to find out and it's to get started. And we're going to take it very carefully. And Neil's doing a great job getting us organized.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: So if I could ask a follow up then, Brian, is the Verizon relationship then, do you think of it as a network supplier or is it deeper than that? Is it really a partner in the wireless business?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: I'm going to stop there and say stay tuned. And we'll clarify things. But we're putting together  we have a good relationship, we believe, and we're excited to get it launched. We'll learn a lot as we go. One example is the way X1 worked. We crawled, walked, ran, and we knew for sure that we had a really special thing before we really hit the pedal. And that allowed us to answer the previous question with a lot of confidence as we have a world-class product. And we think we have the piece parts, but we'll find out together and we'll be very transparent as we go.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: That's great. Thanks, Brian.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Craig. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Just a question for Mr. Smit. I think there's still some confusion, at least among our clients, about whether coax or fiber can support 5G. And so can you just elaborate sort of on your view of that? And in particular, any sort of color on where you are in terms of homes passed per node. Are we sort of at the 250 level, or is it lower than that? Any sort of color would be helpful. Thanks.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Well, hi, Jason. I think that 5G is an exciting evolution in the business. It has some characteristics that require densification of antennas. It propagates over short distances. It doesn't pass through physical objects very well. We're doing some testing right now. We think that it's going need economical space, power and backhaul. We have, call it, 150,000 miles of fiber across 650,000 miles of total plant. And we think that we're well-positioned to participate in the 5G rollout, no matter how it happens, as a result of having all those assets in place already. Concerning the usage, I mean, our HSD usage went from a median of 88 gigabits per month in Q4, and that's up 55% from 57 gigabits during the same period of 2015. And if you look at cellular data usage, it's about 3 gigabits per month average. So there's a lot of capacity in the wired network. We feel comfortable with our position in participating in the overall 5G roll-out.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Is it fair to say that you can't support 5G on coax, but you may be able to do it on fiber? Is that too simple of a distillation?
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: I think that's a simple distillation. We're testing and we'll continue to learn. It's early in the roll-out.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jason. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, Jason. One for Neil on video; it's great to see growing video subs. Is it still your goal to grow video at this or a faster pace, given the expansion of X1 and better customer experience? And how do you see that potentially offset by continued industry decline, driven by cord-cutting and MVPDs? And quickly a follow up on wireless; Brian, it sounds like we should be looking for a few cities to start maybe at mid-year and slow expansion from there. Is that fair?
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: We continue to see opportunity in Video and we'll continue to focus on growth of the business and gaining market share. We've seen competition before. We've continued to adjust and compete. We think X1 is a great platform and will continue to drive Video results. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: I'm not going to add any color to our statement that we're going to launch something by the first half of the year, and we'll have more to say and we'll let you know when we're ready. We're not ready today to answer that.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Great. Thanks, Phil. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, thanks. Maybe just one more try on the wireless side, maybe for Mike. Any chance you could quantify or maybe bookend the working capital drag you expect from the wireless launch? And then maybe for Neil, shifting over to business; business, the growth is slowing a little bit. It seems to be sort of an emerging trend in the, you know, across the industry. Can you remind us where your market shares are both in the small and medium-sized business market, maybe the investment strategy, and whether you expect to see that deceleration sort of level off as we look out into 2017?
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: So it's Mike. So just on handsets, I made the point earlier that the whole thing in wireless is going be success-based, so I would wrap the comments on free cash flow for 2017 in what I said earlier. We expect to grow inclusive of everything and more to come later when we actually come back to talk about the wireless launch.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Got it.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: In Business Services, we expect to continue to grow, generate double-digit revenue growth for the next several years by capturing share. It's a $5.5 billion revenue business. We've been growing about three-quarters of a billion dollars per year over the last couple years. We have about 20% share in small, 15% share in medium, and the opportunity in enterprise, we believe, is a $13 billion to $15 billion opportunity in our markets, so we see strong growth across all three segments.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, John. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Just a broader question, first, for Brian with the prospect of Trump-related tax reform and a deregulated FCC philosophy, can you talk about how if those sort of worked out based on current thinking, what would you do differently in terms of investment and return on capital? And a quick one for Neil; obviously, the Netflix carriage on the X1 platform, you guys talked about being very successful. Are these platforms willing to pay to be authenticated on these platforms? Is that a real opportunity as you add more applications on? Thanks so much.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Okay. Well, thanks for the question. I think regulatory certainty for investors is the same as it is for management. It helps you have the confidence to make long-term plans. And the kind of discussion we've been having this morning, whether it's fiber or other investments in in-home equipment, and what your business opportunities are, the more uncertainty, the less encouraging it is to want to invest. So we're encouraged by the prospect of rules that we believe will encourage that investment, stimulate investment, whether that's tax decreases or revisiting the authority of the government to go to places that they said they weren't going to, but legally they could go to in the Open Internet Order with Title II. So we're looking forward to working with the new administration and the new regulatory leaders to try to frame something that's good for consumers, and it gives a stable platform that we can invest in and I think should allow us to accelerate both business opportunities and if there are things such as tax return, then revisit it where all that opportunity lies and how much gets returned to shareholders and invested in new opportunities. So we're encouraged and stay tuned.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Concerning the Netflix integration, I think it's a tribute to both the flexibility of the platform that we were able to integrate it so smoothly, and a tribute to Tony Werner and the Technology team and the speed with which they got it done. VOD viewing for the fourth quarter was up overall about 18%. And we want to offer more and complementary content to make the viewing experiences as rich and easy to access as possible. So we'll continue to seek other partners and integrate them into the overall experience.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Vijay. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. I have two. The first one's for Steve. Assuming that, at some point, there is an increase in the national cap or the UHF discount is reinstated, what is your appetite to acquire stations? And then, my second question is for Mike and your view on capital returns. Just curious, how flexible is this? We are going to have the auction over. There's the potential for tax reform. So is this something that you will revisit from time-to-time or is your view on capital returns that it is a one-time thought process, and you'll revisit it again next year? Thanks.
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: So we like the broadcast business. We think we're doing well in it. And recently, took an affiliation back from an affiliate in Boston and launched a station there, which we now own as of January 1 at essentially no cost. We had some start-up costs, but that, to me, was a wonderful way to increase our footprint. I don't think there's a necessity to increase our footprint, but I think if the caps get changed, we would certainly look at it and do what's right for the company.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: And, Marci, it's Mike. On capital return, it is an annual exercise. We take it seriously this time of the year and give what we think is the right guidance for what we'll do in the course of the year, factoring in everything we have a point of view on, obviously. So that would include everything, but, in this case, corporate tax reform. Corporate tax reform, we're in a wait and see mode. We're big supporters of the idea of corporate tax reform. We think it would be good for the U.S. economy, but none of our capital plans, none of what I've described today are counting on any particular changes in corporate tax. When all that is done, we'll do a holistic review of what it all means and come back and report. That may well be in this call next year. But if it happens really early in the year, we'll see.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Marci. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to ask a question on cable advertising and also one on the theme parks, if that's okay. First on cable advertising; excluding political, it's been pretty soft for a few quarters now. Is that something you view as cyclical or secular? And if it is secular, do you have any view on when you think revenue growth from advanced advertising will be large enough to offset it and bring you back to a growth trajectory there? And then, on the theme parks, I was just curious, Steve, what are the trends you're seeing with booking and reservations? I know it's been quiet on the Zika front lately, but are you seeing any impact from concerns re-emerging as the weather warms up this spring? Thanks.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: This is Neil. On cable advertising, we have seen the core a little softer than in the past. Auto, in particular, is a little bit soft, but I think it may just be cyclical. And we are making up some of the difference in advanced advertising. We're seeing strong growth there. And I think we'll continue to build upon that capability going forward.
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: So just to add to what Neil said about local cable advertising, the national advertising market is very strong. And it's been very strong now for a while. We had such a good upfront last year. One would have assumed that scatter might slow down. That often happens. That has not happened this time. And all of the indications, options, cancellations, the type of shows people want to get into, suggest to me that we have a good shot of having another very strong upfront nationally. In terms of theme parks, all the bookings and advance indications for Florida and for California remain strong, quite strong. I think we're going to have a very big year in Orlando. We're opening, I believe, the world's best water park in the spring, and an attraction based on The Tonight Show, and that'll get a lot of publicity and a lot of attention. And hotels are 90% occupancy. Bookings look great and we got great new attractions. So my bet is that we're going to have a very strong year in both Orlando and in California. And then, Japan, we own 51% of Osaka. Japan has a Despicable Me attraction going in, and their attendance trends are good. So I think all green lights, as far as I can see, in the theme park business.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Bryan. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente with Instinet. Please go ahead.
Anthony DiClemente, CFA - Nomura Instinet: Thanks. I have for Mike and one for Neil. Mike, on the 2017 programming expense uplift, the 13%, just wondering on a net basis what that's going to imply for Cable OCF growth in 2017? So we're getting to around mid-single-digits and I assume it could decelerate. Can you just talk about that? And then, should it reaccelerate again in 2018 as the programming expense growth moderates, as you describe? And then maybe for Neil, back to the topic of set-top box integration, you talked about Netflix. Before year end, you signed a deal to integrate Sling into the X1 platform, so just wondering about that decision. Could you just talk about the thought process there? And does that one create any risk from a competitive standpoint over time? Thank you for the question.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Anthony, for the question. It's Mike. So on the first point, I'll just maybe restate some of what we said earlier which is that, yes, programming costs are high in 2017 for the reasons we described, which is big renewals happening in the second half of 2016 and early  with effective the beginning of 2017 and that rate comes down in the years that follow 2017 to something that looks more normal. I'd say the overarching and important point is all the work that Neil and team have been doing on non-programming costs. So you saw it in 2016, where when programming costs were also higher than the normal long-term rates, great work to protect the margin of the overall business. And the guidance we gave for margin is that it'll be flat again to down 50 basis points in 2017. So, obviously, all the growth and initiatives that Neil has working to drive the top line will push through that margin. And I'll leave it to you to kind of model that out.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Concerning the Sling integration, we really were focused on the multicultural content that they had. It's an important segment for us to target, and we think they have great content and will be a good partner to integrate.
Anthony DiClemente, CFA - Nomura Instinet: Okay. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Anthony. Regina, we'll take one last question, please.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. I want to ask about the customer service expenses. They were actually down year-over-year in the quarter. You mentioned you had fewer calls into customer service as a driver. And this is an area where you've just invested so much over the last few years. I'm wondering if what we saw is potentially an inflection point, meaning you're not simply benefiting through lower churn, but you're actually getting better operating leverage now through the P&L because of the sum total of the investments that you've made there.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: I think that's a good assessment. We've made investments on taking noise out of the system, reducing the calls, focusing the truck rolls, getting it right the first time, being on time and all those things, the move experience, the onboarding experience, we're very focused on. And the teams have done a great job, led by Dave Watson, in driving, as I said, some of the noise out of the system. And I think, ultimately, this will reflect itself in better profitability as we take unnecessary costs out of the system, and we retain customers for a longer period as a result.
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And is this one of the key line items that supports your outlook for less upward pressure on non-programming expenses this year?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Yes, it is.
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Great. Well, thank you, Brett, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. We'll wrap it up there. Regina, back to you.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time. It will run through Thursday, February 2, at midnight Eastern Time. The dial in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 40819623. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for joining. You may all disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp. Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp. Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp. Neil Smit - Comcast Corp. Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.
Analysts: Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc. Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke and Neil Smit. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As a reminder, as part of the FCC's anti-collusion rules for the broadcast incentive auction, we cannot discuss or answer any questions related to the auction or spectrum today. As always, let me now refer you to slide number two, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and reminds you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report terrific operational and financial results during the third quarter. Consolidated revenue and operating cash flow were up 14% and 11%, respectively, driven by broad-based strength across the company. And for a company of our size, this is a tremendous result. From our perspective, three things stood out in the quarter: our results in video, which were the best for a third quarter in the last 10 years; in broadband, which were the best in seven years; and our successful broadcast and distribution of the Rio Olympics. Let's start with Rio, which again validated that the Olympics are the most valuable and most consumed property in media. NBC won all 17 nights of primetime, and the NBC Sports Network was the number one sports cable network in primetime over the 14 days that it presented live coverage of the games. In fact, in the 18 to 49 demo, NBC's primetime's ratings more than quadrupled the other broadcast networks combined and were nearly five times greater with Millennials. Moreover, that lead widened versus prior Olympics. The audience for the Rio Olympics was enormous, encompassing almost 200 million Americans on television alone, not to mention those who also engaged on our other platforms. Rio was also very strong from a financial perspective, significantly exceeding our prior results and we believe it will continue to be a big success going forward. One of the key reasons for our outstanding performance with the games is that our teams from across Comcast, NBCUniversal worked so well together. We partnered closely, innovated quickly, and as a result, delivered the most comprehensive and technologically-advanced Olympics coverage in history. In our TV businesses, the Olympics drove our exceptional performance during the quarter and were a great way to wrap-up our 2015-2016 television season. NBC finished the season as the number-one broadcast network for the third year in a row and was also the number-one broadcast network for the sixth summer in a row. And the fall season is off to a good start with This Is Us as the highest-rated new series and Saturday Night Live kicking off its 42nd season with its highest rated premieres in three years. Telemundo is another bright spot in broadcast. It was the number-one rated Spanish language TV network in Monday-to-Friday primetime for the quarter. We have fundamentally repositioned this network through investments in original content, infrastructure and talent, and it's working. Our Cable Networks delivered solid cash flow growth. We had a lot of successes in entertainment, sports and news in the quarter. MSNBC's ratings were up 95%, we also announced an exclusive deal in which all eight of the Harry Potter films will begin airing on USA and Syfy beginning in 2018. Plus, we have rights to air the films across our other television properties too. We believe we are taking the right steps and remain on a trajectory to continue to grow this business. At Film, we completed the acquisition of DreamWorks and we're happy to welcome the team to the Comcast, NBCUniversal family. In animation, The Secret Life of Pets from Illumination was a huge hit during the quarter. It had the highest-ever opening in the U.S. for an original animated movie, and importantly, gives us another valuable franchise. Looking ahead, we're thrilled about our new original animated film, Sing, which opens in the U.S. in December. I believe this is one of the best movies that Chris Meledandri and the team at Illumination has ever made. At Theme Parks, we also delivered fantastic results. We continue to be extremely pleased with the opening of Harry Potter in Hollywood. Now over at Cable, the team continue to expertly balance improvement in the financial and customer results. We generated strong growth in revenue and operating cash flow, while also achieving some of our best customer metrics in nearly a decade. We ended the quarter with 28.3 million customer relationships, adding 216,000 during the quarter. In video, we added 32,000 customers in the quarter. We now have added 170,000 video customers in the last 12 months. We also delivered great results in high-speed Internet, adding 330,000 customers during the quarter. Across all of our product categories, better customer retention was a key driver of our performance. So how are we doing this? Well, we've shifted the culture of our company to put the customer truly first, and that's driving the focus of our product and technology innovation, and also, our customer service. A perfect example is Netflix, which we have now integrated into X1. Our agreement with Netflix highlights the flexibility that we have in our platform and what a fantastic showcase X1 is for different types of content, all in an elegantly-designed and integrated experience. We did the same integration with live sports with the Olympics. Similarly, in high-speed Internet, we're increasing speeds and continue to deliver the fastest in-home Wi-Fi. Earlier this year, we launched a new residential Internet service that delivers gigabit speeds to customers using DOCSIS 3.1 technology. We're also leveraging our position in the home to offer new services, and this was true of voice when we introduced it, and more recently, our home security product. And as we announced last month, we're planning to bring a wireless service to our customers in mid-2017 as part of an attractively-priced multi-product bundle. Stay tuned and we'll have more to tell you about this at a later date. Finally, we continue to make significant strides with customer service. Our efforts are focused on three areas; first, serving our customers faster; second, improving and simplifying the experience, particularly in onboarding, billing and repair; and third, fixing issues the first time, and when we fall short, making it right. So all-in-all, I'm really proud of the performance in the quarter and we're encouraged by the momentum that we have in our businesses. Our teams are executing well and also working well together, and we're excited and optimistic about our future. Mike, over to you.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everybody. I'm starting on slide four for those following the presentation online. Our third-quarter results reflect consistent execution and broad-based strength across our businesses. Consolidated revenue increased 14.2%, and operating cash flow grew 10.5% for the third quarter, reflecting solid growth in our Cable business and strong growth at NBCUniversal, partly driven by the success of the Rio Olympics. Earnings per share was $0.92, a 15% increase compared to a year ago, and free cash flow was $1.4 billion in the quarter, a decline of 48.5%. This decline was driven by higher working capital, primarily related to the Rio Olympics. We will go into greater detail on these results on the slides to come. Now let's start with Cable Communications on slide five. Cable Communications delivered strong third-quarter results. Revenues increased 6.9% to $12.6 billion, as we increased customer relationships and grew total revenue per customer relationship by 3.6% to $148 per month. We added 216,000 customer relationships, driven by two product customer additions and a reduction in churn across all products. In fact, we have improved churn in video and high-speed data for 32 consecutive months, as customers increasingly recognize the value of our X1 platform and superior high-speed data product. And we make meaningful strides in improving customer service. High-speed Internet continues to be the largest contributor to overall Cable revenue growth. Revenue increased 8.8% to $3.4 billion in the quarter, reflecting an increase in our customer base; rate adjustments, which were more modest compared to the prior year; and customers subscribing to higher levels of service. Our customer momentum continued as we added a combined 330,000 residential and business customers in the quarter, up 3% over last year's net adds, and we added 1.4 million combined customers over the past 12 months. We continue to benefit from growth in the overall market and gain market share as customers respond to our product differentiation. We've increased Internet speeds 17 times in the last 15 years. About 80% of our residential customers take speeds of 50 megabits per second or higher. And we have over 15 million Wi-Fi hotspots for our customers to access, which combined, greatly increases our customer value proposition and competitive differentiation. Video revenue increased 4.5% to $5.6 billion in the quarter, primarily due to rate adjustments as well as customers subscribing to additional services and growth in our customer base. Our rate adjustments are primarily from broadcast TV and RSN fees, as we've noted in previous quarters, are the most significant sources of our programming cost pressure. In terms of volume, we have consistently improved our video customer metrics for several quarters. In the third quarter, we continued the momentum and added a combined 32,000 net video customers, an improvement of 80,000 versus the year-ago quarter, and as Brian noted, making this our best third-quarter result in 10 years. Driving these impressive customer metrics is improved customer retention, as our X1 platform proves to be a real competitive differentiator. X1 combines innovative technology with a breadth of content that is easily searchable and customers are clearly responding. As we expand our X1 customer base, the positive customer benefits continue. X1 customers have higher customer satisfaction and better retention rates. In addition, X1 customers compared to non-X1 customers have three times higher activations of DVRs, more outlets in the home, and spend twice as much on pay-per-view. As a result, the overall ARPU of an X1 customer is higher. We've been adding about 5 percentage points of X1 penetration each quarter this year, and we kept that pace this quarter. We added 948,000 net new and existing customers, with nearly 45% of our residential video customers now having X1. Voice revenue declined by 2.4% to $878 million in the third quarter, as combined customer net additions of 2,000 were offset by a modest decline in ARPU. Our back-to-school initiatives were heavily focused on double-play this quarter, driving a greater increase in two-product video/high-speed data customer relationships versus the triple-play that includes voice. Let's now turn to business services, which continues to deliver excellent results. Revenue increased 15.5% to $1.4 billion, with the small business segment accounting for over 70% of our revenue and 60% of our growth, driven primarily by the net increase in customers. Revenue for the mid-size business segment has a higher growth rate, fueled primarily by additional Ethernet sites as we continue to invest in expanding that business. Cable advertising revenue increased 7.7% to $634 million, reflecting higher political revenue related to the upcoming elections. Excluding the political contribution, our cable advertising revenue decreased 2%. Turning to slide 6, second quarter Cable Communications operating cash flow increased 5.5% to $5 billion, resulting in a margin of 39.7% compared to 40.2% in the third quarter of 2015, driven by higher expenses primarily related to increases in programming costs and the investments we are making to improve the customer experience. Programming expenses grew 11.4%, reflecting the timing of programming contract renewals. The underlying growth continues to be driven by higher retransmission consent fees and sports programming costs. For the full year, we expect programming expense growth to be slightly above 10%. Non-programming expenses increased 5.6%, reflecting higher expenses to continue the rollout of X1, planned investment to improve the customer experience, driven primarily by increased technicians and service personnel, and an increase in advertising, marketing and promotion costs. Year-to-date, our Cable operating margin is down 40 basis points, and that is roughly where we would expect to end the year. Now let's move on to NBCUniversal's results. On slide seven, you can see NBCUniversal's revenues increased 28.3% and operating cash flow increased 31.5%. Adjusting to include the acquisition of Universal Studios Japan in last year's results, pro forma revenue increased 22.5% and operating cash flow increased 19.2%. These exceptional results were driven in part by the success of the Rio Olympics, which added $1.6 billion in revenue, of which $1.2 billion is related to advertising revenue and is included in the Cable Networks and Broadcast segments. In addition to the Olympics, NBCUniversal results reflect a strong performance at Parks and Broadcast, as well as the theatrical success of The Secret Life of Pets. Cable Networks' revenue increased 22% to $2.9 billion, including $432 million of revenue associated with the Rio Olympics. Excluding the Olympics, revenue increased 4.1%, reflecting higher distribution and content licensing and other revenue, and relatively flat advertising revenue. This was primarily driven by distribution revenue, which increased about 6%, driven by contractual rate increases and contract renewals, partially offset by a slight decline in subscribers at our Cable Networks. Advertising revenue was relatively stable, reflecting strong pricing, offset by audience rating declines at our Cable Networks. Operating cash flow increased 7% to $893 million, reflecting a profitable Olympics and increased sports programming costs, as well as our continued investment in original program. Broadcast Television had another strong quarter with revenue growth of 56.6% to $3.1 billion, including $1.2 billion of revenue associated with the Rio Olympics. Excluding the Olympics, revenue declined 3.6%, reflecting lower content licensing revenue, partially offset by higher retransmission and advertising revenue. Content licensing revenue declined 32% due to a difficult comparison to last year's results, which included new Law & Order syndication deals. Excluding the Olympics, distribution and other revenue growth of 21% was driven by a 52% increase in retransmission revenue. Last, advertising revenue increased a healthy 4%, reflecting a strong scatter market. Broadcast operating cash flow increased by $228 million to $378 million, reflecting a profitable Olympics and growth in high-margin retransmission consent fees as well as lower programming cost compared to last year. Film revenue declined 7.9% to $1.8 billion and operating cash flow declined 6.1% to $353 million. These results include DreamWorks from its acquisition date of August 22, including $50 million related to severance. Excluding this charge, operating cash flow increased as the successful performance of the Secret Life of Pets and higher content licensing more than offset the difficult comparison to last year's record third quarter, which included Minions and Jurassic World. Theme Parks' revenue increased 60.6% to $1.4 billion and operating cash flow increased 62.4% to $706 million in the third quarter of 2016. On a pro forma basis for Universal Japan, revenue increased 16.1% and operating cash flow increased 17.1%. These results reflect higher attendance and higher per capita spending, driven by the successful opening of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter attraction in Hollywood, as well as the positive impact of a stronger Japanese yen, which accounted for about one third of the growth. We are pleased with the performance of Harry Potter in Hollywood as it is trending in line with previous Potter launches at our other parks. Partially offsetting these results were higher costs associated with newer attractions like King Kong that opened in Orlando this past summer. Let's move to slide eight to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. Consolidated capital expenditures increased 11.1% to $2.4 billion in the third quarter. At Cable Communications, capital expenditures increased 10.4% to $2 billion for the quarter and on a year-to-date basis, have increased 10.5% to $5.5 billion, representing capital intensity of 14.8% compared to 14.2% for the first nine months of 2015. While the largest component of our capital spending continues to be customer premise equipment, including X1 and wireless gateways, the largest source of year-over-year growth in spending is our investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity. We believe this investment in scalable infrastructure enhances our competitive position in broadband by staying ahead of rapid growth and bandwidth consumption by our customers. In addition, we've extended our network to more customer addresses, primarily business addresses, through line extensions. We continue to expect that for the full year of 2016, our Cable capital intensity will remain flat to 2015 at approximately 15%. At NBCUniversal, capital expenditures increased 16.3% to $336 million in the third quarter and increased 19.5% to $991 million on a year-to-date basis, driven by inclusion of Universal Studios Japan. We continue to expect NBCUniversal's CapEx to increase approximately 10% this year. Now finishing up on slide nine; on a year-to-date basis, we generated $5.6 billion in free cash flow, a decrease of 23.8% over the comparable period of 2015, primarily driven by lower third quarter results. Consolidated free cash flow in the third quarter declined 48.5% to $1.4 billion, reflecting the 10.5% growth in operating cash flow, which was offset by an increase in capital expenditures, as we just reviewed, and higher working capital, primarily due to the 2016 Rio Olympics. This is a timing issue and we will see a positive swing in Olympic working capital in the fourth quarter. In terms of capital returns, dividend payments during the quarter were $663 million, up 6.5% and share repurchases were $1.4 billion, consistent with our plan to repurchase $5 billion of our common stock during the full year. We ended the quarter at 2.2 times net leverage, primarily reflecting the closing of the DreamWorks acquisition and payment of a deposit in the third quarter. So that concludes our summary of the quarter. I hope that everyone now has a good sense for how pleased we are with our results as well as our momentum. And now I'll turn it back to Jason to lead the Q&A.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Great, thanks, Mike. Regina, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I have one multi-part question. In light of the recent industry M&A, and I guess a subjective point, many will view AT&T's transaction as similar to you buying NBCU, and subjectively, it just seems like you bought a distressed asset at distressed prices and had a video background. But that aside, the question is  a couple of questions. One, do you see yourselves as complete? Any there any holes? Part two, where are you in making progress towards addressable or targeted advertising? What will it take to get real traction in that area? And then finally, with consumers moving increasingly to mobile video, whether on-demand or across multiple distribution platforms, how do both sides of Comcast, Cable and NBCU, prepare models that are profitable for Comcast, but also satisfy consumer needs?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Okay. Well, thanks, Jessica. Let me start and then kick it over to Neil and Steve to talk just a little bit about the second parts. We're not going to discuss the other transaction, the proposed transaction with AT&T and Time Warner. We don't typically comment on other deals, and so just for everybody, we're not going to have any comments today. We have a fabulous company, and what we are pleased to report today I think demonstrates that. The assets are great. They're working well together, adding customers, adding new products and real market leadership with, in almost every area, whether right from the Olympics right through to X1's integration of Netflix. So it's  couldn't be happier with this quarter and the momentum of this year. As we dig into things like advertising and what's happening in the market and changes that could happen, let me kick it over to Neil to start, and maybe Steve could comment as well.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Hi, Jessica. The advanced advertising area, we have a full roll-out of VOD, a dynamic ad insertion, which is becoming more and more effective. We have  we're testing linear addressable in a number of markets, and we've got that working. And we're able to leverage our data we collect, obviously with consumer privacy in mind, we collect from about 20 some-odd million set-top boxes. Marcien Jenckes is leading the charge on getting the most leverage out of our  some of our recent acquisitions and our existing addressable advertising capabilities in FreeWheel, Visible World, Strata and Sticky Ads. So we think we're making great progress, and it's a growth business for us. Steve?
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: So at NBCUniversal, we have a handful of advanced advertising products that are currently in the market, and we have about 100 advertisers that have bought these products. The most prominent one right now is called NBCU+ powered by Comcast, and it's a way of overlaying Comcast capabilities with the base national buy. Advanced advertising has been around  people have been talking about it for a long time. It's not easy. It's hard to develop these products, but it's clear what advertisers want. They want to combine the data intensity of Internet advertising with the clear value and ability to change people's perceptions that you get with a television ad. So, it's a pretty important part of Neil and my agenda, and I think we're at the head of the pack in terms of delivering on it. But there's still work to do.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: I will just add, Steve, that on the mobile video space, about 50% of our subs are currently using TV Everywhere. That's up from about 30% last year, and they view about an average of 10 hours monthly. So we're continuing to expand the offerings. We've got about 130 live streaming channels and more than 40,000 VOD selections. So we're really getting good traction in that area as well.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Jessica. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. Good morning. I want to ask about your wireless strategy, if you will. You've said that you're  that you've notified Verizon about triggering the MVNO agreement. Can you make money as an MVNO operator or do you have to transition a large amount of the traffic to your Wi-Fi network and eventually your own facilities? And if the latter is the case, operationally, can you do that under the contract? And how do you think about how you manage the relationship with Verizon about trying to transition from a pure MVNO to something more like an MNO posture in wireless over time?
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Well, let me start, it's Brian and again have Neil maybe add a lot more detail. But at the big-picture level, what I said before is we're going to launch this next year, so part of it is we don't have any new news today. Stay tuned. As we get closer to trialing the product, we'll be learning in the marketplace and it'll be a process. We fundamentally believe we can make money for the shareholders through a wireless offering with the unique relationship that we have with the Verizon MVNO. We can't go into detail about that relationship for obvious reasons, but we have the ability to do things that we think put us in a position to make that statement come true and create real value for our shareholders along the way. Neil?
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Well, we're going to do this because we believe we can add value to the customer relationships. We've seen other companies, Rogers, Telenet, Virgin have all reduced churn and increased customer lifetime value. In a way, we're already in the wireless business. We deployed millions of our wireless gateways and the Wi-Fi service in the household that's the fastest on the market. I think by leveraging the 28 million customer relationships, the 15 million hotspots and the MVNO, we can offer a really excellent service. We are going to have to include handset procurement as part of it, but we built that in the model and we think we can  Verizon's been a great partner so far in the wholesale relationship and we think that will continue and we have a great product that will add value over time.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Craig. Next question, please.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. I'd love Neil and Steve's thoughts as you think about the video business in the U.S., both yours on the cable side and the subscriber trends driving the NBC Cable Networks. It seems like we may see a lot of new entrants next year, obviously DirecTV now with the release of new product and price point; Hulu. Google seems to be signing contracts. I guess, Steve, does that create the opportunity for subscriber trends to improve for the NBC Cable Network portfolio? You mentioned in the quarter, they were down again. I was wondering, if you look at all this new competition coming, could that turn that positive in your view? And for Neil, the results in your video business sort of speak for themselves, and X1 is clearly working. But is there anything you're doing and your team are doing that you may bring to market or are thinking about operationally to help continue to compete successfully with more and more of these virtual offers as you head into 2017? Thank you.
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: Let me start. I think there's about 20 million, something like 20 million homes in America that are not part of the cable satellite telco MVPD environment. And the real promise of some of these new over-the-top entrants is that they would deliver incremental subscribers, which obviously would be good for the content side of the company. I think we all have a healthy degree of skepticism that these new over-the-top entrants are going to create millions and millions and millions of subscribers any time soon. I think if you look at the cable ecosystem, I've now been with Comcast for 18 years and for 18 years, Comcast earnings have been up every single quarter. And yes, as new entrants come in, they take fractional share away from the existing suppliers, but the fact of the matter is, most people find tremendous value and enjoyment in their cable or satellite subscription and are not looking to change. And there's all sorts of issues that over-the-top providers are going to have to deal with, including cost and service and everything else. So I think there could be a modest positive for NBCUniversal. I don't expect it to be material in the next year or two, but I think over time if some of those 20 million non-subscribers become subscribers, it would be positive.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: And from the Comcast Cable perspective, we think that X1 is a great platform and witness the Netflix integration into the overall experience. We can integrate products and we can do things like we did with the Olympics in a very seamless way. I think that we understand how to target and how to segment. We've got products like XFINITY On Campus that targets a specific segment, X1 Double Play, stream, so we understand how to do that. And I think we've demonstrated we can do it over an ongoing basis. Retention has improved for 32 consecutive months. And we see that trend as very positive. We'll continue to innovate on X1, and we think that we'll continue to innovate on market segmentation and targeting. And we've got what I feel is the best video product on the market. I think there's going to be more flavors and more competition, but we'll compete aggressively.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you both.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Ben, thanks. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you so much. I just want to follow up on the prior question for Neil. Given the prospect of a set-top box apps-based ruling, you have a hybrid QAM/IP product in X1, X2. And so if that becomes the way of the world, can you talk about the product transition you sort of see there? But also, you mentioned, I think Mike mentioned about scalable infrastructure investments continuing. And as we go into an all-IP world, can you just broadly talk about what's the optimal level of network requirement do you think, and where are we towards that to have really TV being consumed in all-IP? Thank you.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Well, as you mentioned, we'll be going to an IP-based video solution over the next, let's just call it, couple years. We have the product in the lab. It's working well. We'll continue to roll out new devices. We have the XB6, which is the fastest gateway out there. It's five times faster than our current version. We have Xi5 and Xi6 coming out, which will deliver video over Wi-Fi at excellent quality. And so we're going to continue to transition the product to IP. Concerning the network, we've continued to invest over the years in our network capacity and we will continue to do that. Business services has brought fiber deeper into the network. We're going fiber direct to new developments and to some MDUs. So we will continue to invest in the network, but it's nothing new to our business. We've increased capacity, doubled capacity every 18 to 24 months, and that's been happening for the last 8 to 10 years. So we feel pretty good about our position.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: I just wanted to add one other thought. The consumer may not completely care whether it's all-IP or not. What the consumer wants is really great quality and ease of on-boarding experience and reliability. And that goes back to the emphasis Neil and the team are putting on customer service and customer experience. So just take as a for instance, the Xi5 box, which is the first box we've ever had that is a Wi-Fi box. So you take this box, you plug it in, and you attach it if you want to your television with an HDMI, and that's it. And it doesn't have to have any cable in that room. And the on-boarding of that box is so different than any other box we've ever had. And within two minutes, I think we're at 2:20 and we're trying to get to 2 minutes, you are watching video with a few simple keystrokes. It already figures out the Wi-Fi network. It is so intelligent and it's such a different experience than any other box we've had. And we only have just begun to launch this box. That's the kind of products as we go to an all-IP world that we envision that is just really simple, really seamless and better than any product on the market for that on-boarding.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: And it takes a lot less time to install in the households.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: And you can do it yourself.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Right.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Vijay. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys. Programming cost growth has continued to accelerate throughout the year. Can you give us a sense for whether that will be the case again in 2017? And then on Cable margins in general, looks like we're seeing somewhat lower margins due to customer care costs and the X1 rollout. I mean do you see these and the impact on margins more as temporary or something that's getting built into the base? And given the shift to HSD, can you see your way to sort of margin stability or even margin improvement down the road? Thanks.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Hi, John. Programming expenses grew at about 11.4% in the third quarter and we expect the full year to come in around slightly above 10%. It's due to contract renewals and some lumpiness. We have some contract renewals that are up this year, so we'd expect next year to be slightly elevated. But following that, from what we can see in the trending, they'll be down at a lower level and over the years the 3, 5, 10-year trends have been in the 7% to 8% range. So we do see opportunity as we get through 2017.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Comcast Corp.: The overall margin, obviously, Neil's team  it's Mike, just chiming in. The focus on growth in the higher-margin businesses of business services and high speed data together with the very heavy focus on non-program expenses has been and will continue to be the source of protecting that margin. Like Neil said, we'll come back and talk about future margin for 2017 when we do the next earnings call. But the drivers of margin over time are those factors.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, John. Next question, please.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks. A question and a follow-up for Neil, if I can. First I'd like to ask about the business services side, which is certainly additive to growth but the continued deceleration while capital intensity is increasing is interesting. Should we be looking at this as a $200 million a year of incremental growth and the percent falling or is it hard to hold that dollars of growth? And is anything happening in pricing or competition? And then just following up on your churn comments, is video strength still mostly a churn-driven improvement or are gross adds up year-over-year as well maybe due to your segmenting efforts? Thanks.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Concerning business services, I mean in 2015, we added about $280 million in revenue growth and we think that 2016 will come in at about the same level. So it's kind of the law of big numbers where we're growing at the same amount, at the same level, but we're just on a bigger basis. It's a $5 billion run rate business now. Small and medium are still about 70% of the business and 60% of the growth, but we're seeing healthy growth from mid-size businesses right now and we're getting a number of enterprise deals in. We've got a large financial institution with about 2,000 locations, large health care provider with about 1,000 locations and a retail provider with about 2,000 locations. So we're starting to see the enterprise side of the business grow. Concerning video, we are seeing growth on the connect side. We're seeing healthy growth on the connect side, primarily due to X1 and  but the surprisingly healthy number is on the churn side and that continues to index lower than the previous year. So, we're seeing relatively a larger impact on the growth on the churn reduction side, but we're still seeing healthy connect growth. The fourth quarter last year was a very strong quarter for both HSD and video, so the comps might be a little difficult but we feel very good about the business.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just a follow up on business. As you move up toward enterprise, are you seeing sort of higher capital cost projects and is that driving the higher capital intensity in that segment?
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Not really. It's early to tell, but we think of them like a central office with a lot of branch offices, which would be like small businesses. And we know how to do the small business market very effectively and so I don't think you'll see a higher degree of capital intensity. We are doing hyperbuilds now where we go in  we used to go into an industrial park and we had to sign up the customers before we pulled the fiber in. Whereas now we know in these industrial parks we're going to get the customers. It's just a question of time before we get them on that and so we're building in, assuming we're going to get the customer base. It's a little bit more aggressive stance.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank, Neil.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Phil. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. I have two questions. The first, Steve, can you talk about the progress you're making with the affiliates as it relates to their inclusion or not in what we're calling the not-so-skinny/skinny bundles? And then the second question is for Neil. How does political advertising at regional cable compare to prior years? We have heard that cable is gaining share at the expense of broadcast, so just curious if you're seeing that. Thanks.
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: So on the first question, in terms of having the affiliates participate, I assume you mean in over-the-top bundles.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes.
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: If you look at the success of broadcasters like NBC, the affiliate relationship is really important. So our feeling is that regardless of the technical means of getting the NBC signal to people, we should be having the same kind of sharing relationship that we have with our affiliates in the future, and we're working on that. It's complicated and lots of different things to work out, but the spirit of our approach is to try to make sure that all means of getting the signal out include the affiliates and we're working on that and believe that that's going to be the model that we use going forward.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: And Marci, concerning political advertising, we have seen growth obviously in this election year. It kind of depends on the state that we're in. We're very strong in Florida, in Pennsylvania and states like that. The core is a little bit soft on the local side, but we're overall seeing a 7.7% growth in local advertising.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Marci. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. One of the recent storylines has been that some major sporting events like the Olympics and the NFL have seen ratings that are lower. And there's a lot of speculation as to why, but one of the things that frequently is cited is that more consumption of these events is happening online. You're a big partner with both of the examples I cited and you were very involved, obviously, in both the linear and the online distribution of the Olympics, and so it would seem that you have a unique vantage point. So I guess my question is, what do you think is going on here? Do you think that viewership of these events has actually declined or do you think it is correct to assume that more of it has gone to a streaming format so it's not being captured? And if that is the case, how do you make sure as you move ahead that you're able to monetize your role in those events properly?
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: So, obviously, the Olympics and the NFL, they are two different stories. In the case of the Olympics, London was the biggest Olympics that we ever had in terms of primetime ratings. Rio was lower than London, but Rio was really on par with the previous three summer Olympics. And if you look at all the various ways of consuming, we had an extraordinary Olympics, financially, ratings, advertiser happiness, et cetera. The streaming portion of the viewership was actually very low relative to television for the Olympics. Call it 1% or 2%. And I think the same numbers apply to the NFL. 1% or 2%, 1% of people stream NFL games. And by the way, the NFL, we had an extraordinary season last year, which everybody's comparing to. We're actually down versus last year, but down much less versus two years ago. I think it's very difficult to tell precisely what's happening on any sporting property, particularly in the case of the NFL because it's only been a half a dozen weeks. I do think there are a lot of different things that people are using to consuming on the Internet and spending their time on. I also think there are seasons that are stronger than other seasons and we may be in a season, just speaking for Sunday Night Football, where the matchups aren't as good as they could have been. But if you step back, the Olympics and the NFL are the two highest-rated programs of the year in all of television, they dominate the nights that they're on, they dominate, as Brian mentioned, during the Olympics, we were four times the next highest rated show. Sunday Night Football is by far the highest-rated show on television and we have very, very good partnerships with the International Olympic Committee and the NFL that go out many, many years, and those are very profitable relationships. So we're watching it and obviously, you'd rather have ratings up than down, but having ratings decline modestly and still be very, very strong properties doesn't cause us too much concern.
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks for that color.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Brett. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Just a question for Mr. Smit. You guys put up pretty good video net adds that you talked about, but I noticed that the penetration rates have continued to fall in video, primarily just because home and business passenger growing, and you talked about passing more businesses. So my question is this. Is the penetration falling because the video attach rate is low among businesses? And how much headroom is there for business passings to continue to grow? Are you sort of in the second inning or is it the fifth inning; just any sort of color.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: I think it's important that, as you did, Jason, to separate residential from business, because there is a lower business attach rate in video in general. They're more interested in the data product and we sell more data product to them. There is an opportunity, I think, in video going forward as well as there is in our XFINITY Home product to sell to businesses as well as there will be with our wireless product. So I see great opportunity in the business segment. We continue to grow customers at a good rate. We have about a 30% to 40% penetration in the small business segment; 10% in the mid-size, so I think  and we're just starting in enterprise. So I think there is great room for growth there and I think our product offerings will continue to be attractive.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: I just want to add that we're pretty  I just want to underscore if you wanted my one point of what's one highlight for this quarter, it's the video growth rate. And I don't know that we're looking at it that way. What we're looking at is the product, the service, the momentum, and it's hundred an  how many subs, thousand subs in the last 12 months?
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: 170,000.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: 170,000 subs in the last 12 months that we've added. And as Neil referenced, the fourth quarter, there's ups and downs in quarters, but I'm looking at it kind of on an annual basis, and I think we're ahead of even where we set our own plans at the beginning of the year where we think we'll end the year. And that's a result, not that there's new homes that we're getting to in driving it, but rather a better product that we're driving with.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Can I ask just one follow up? If your home and business passings are growing about 3% on an annualized basis, is it fair to assume that the home passings is just in-line with population growth, like half that level? Is that a reasonable...
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Yeah, I think...
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: I think that's reasonable.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. All right. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Jason. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning and thanks so much for taking my questions. One on NBCU; advertising in the quarter was flattish, ex-Olympics. I just wanted to get, Steve, maybe a little bit more color there in terms of the ratings versus CPMs. And then wanted also to follow up on pricing at high-speed Internet, so the ARPU growth seems quite strong, can you parse out rate adjustments versus expanded services for high-speed data and just talk a little bit about the sustainability of ARPU growth for your high-speed Internet business? Thanks a lot.
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: So let me just start by saying the advertising market remains very strong. Scatter is as strong as it's been really in a long time, and that's a continuation. Really, we've had quarter-after-quarter of very strong scatter, and we had a super strong upfront in May. For the quarter, our advertising for Broadcast ex-Olympics was up 4%. Our advertising for Cable ex-Olympics was about flat. And the up 4% is a sign of CPMs being high enough on the Broadcast side to go  to exceed ratings decline, and in Cable, they were about flat. Cable in the last quarter, there are certain quarters where we have more new launches and more things going on. And of course, the Olympics really took a lot of the advertising from the ongoing programs during the quarter.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: And concerning pricing, our HSD pricing is related on both rate  and is based upon both rate and in some cases the device as we increase the speeds to the household. Our rate was a bigger factor this year than it was last year, which was more device based. We continue to see ARPU upside. We're putting in the fastest Wi-Fi available. The faster speeds, we've increased speed 17 times in the last 15 years, and we're continuing to improve the product in terms of smart Internet where it's easy to integrate new devices into the home, whether it's a Nest Thermostat or a Lutron lights, we'll make it easy for the customer, as Brian said earlier, to use our services. We have to continue to increase the Wi-Fi capacity. There are about 11 devices hanging off our network now, and we'll continue to do that. But we see ARPU upside overall in the HSD side.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thanks a lot.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Anthony. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I wanted to ask Steve and Neil each a question, if I may. Steve, I was wondering if you could give us the State of the Union, for lack of a better term, from your perspective, on the industry's progress toward better audience measurement. How much consumption do you think is still falling through the cracks and has that gap between measured and unmeasured viewing become larger or smaller over the past year? And then for Neil. Neil, I was wondering if you could maybe give us some color on where you are in the home security and home automation market and maybe talk about, if you can, where you are on number of subscribers, penetration, revenue, something that could give us a sense as to how the progress in that business is going. Thank you.
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: Well, I don't think the industry is anywhere near where it needs to be in terms of monetization, and we were talking about the Olympics as a perfect example. Something like 100 million Americans consumed at least part of the Olympics online. It was a huge, huge phenomenon on Snapchat and Facebook and other places. And the inability for us to articulately walk in to an advertiser and talk about all that consumption in an aggregated way is a real problem. And it's a problem that obviously is going to get solved, but the progress is not as great as it should be. I think what everybody wants is pretty obvious. They want to know what is the total audience delivery of a television show wherever it gets consumed, and they want it to be done by a third party in a way that is objective and quantifiable, and that's what we're all working to. I think the world is moving toward C7 from C3. I think the world is moving toward measuring alternative vehicles. And I think most advertisers understand when they buy a hit property, they're going to get a lot of consumption elsewhere and they sort of factor that in to the effectiveness intellectually, but you'd certainly love for it to be done in a quantifiable way by an unbiased third party and we're not making enough progress on that.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: And, Bryan, concerning XFINITY Home, we think there's a big opportunity there. We're capturing share and growing it quickly. About a year and a half ago, we announced we passed 500,000 customers and it's grown significantly from there. What's interesting, I find the most interesting is that about 55% of the XFINITY Home customers are new to Comcast. So we're attracting new customers, new customer relationships, and about 60% of those customers have quad play. So it's a very sticky product. It continues to develop, and we're very optimistic on the upside potential.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thank you, Bryan. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Brian, just a couple of questions. The first is, it looks like the industry is moving more towards the Comcast model, more vertically integrated and so on with obviously the Time Warner deal, Verizon buying content and so on. So from that perspective, you guys have a unique vantage point given you've had NBC for a while. If you could talk a little bit about what the advantages of that model are and whether owning NBC as well as Cable on the other side of it provides a better business model from a consumer perspective as well as for the company as a whole. And secondly, from the perspective of the X1 platform, obviously, it's an industry-leading platform, and the way the content is presented there is in a disaggregated format. From that perspective, in terms of the vision you have of how video can be packaged maybe 5 years from now, does the bundle in any form, I mean, skinny or non-skinny, make any sense in the next 5 years or 10 years, given how the industry is evolving and consumption patterns are evolving? Thanks.
Brian L. Roberts - Comcast Corp.: Well, let me take a crack at the second one first, which, if I understand the question, when you say a disaggregated format, I'm not actually sure that I see it that way. What X1 does, from my perspective, our perspective, I think, is really help you with search, navigation, discovery and enjoyment of the content you end up deciding to procure. So if you just pick a movie star, you now talk to the remote, you say it, and then it gives you recommendations, and it tells you every episode now, whether that episode resides on Netflix or resides on a broadcaster or resides on a Cable network or if you've DVR-ed it. And then it's more like this and it gives you lots of choices. So, in the case to your point, we'll be upselling Netflix as an example, and just as we upsell HBO and Showtime and others. So some content allows you to be show-by-show or network-by-network. But it's the breadth of all of the choices in the bundle that I think is what has powered this industry. And clearly, as Neil said, we need to evolve and continue to progress, and we will. And we need to compete with whatever the future brings. But the investment that we've made and the innovation and the people we've recruited, I think sort of ties to your first question. Very broadly put, Comcast NBCUniversal is a very special company and we've moved hundreds of people back and forth between different parts of the company in the corporate office. The Olympics, I think, are just a shining example of where all those live streams that Steve was just talking about were available on X1 and on the NBC Sports app, and you could get there through your voice remote or through your XFINITY mobile app. And we call that symphony, and we've seen it whether it's talent wanting to work with the company, people wanting to join the company, or innovation that the company is doing. And could we do more and will we do more and innovate? Yes. But we've seen a lot of people want to use the X1 platform. There are other operators around the world in Canada and with Cox, and we've had others requesting to use the platform. So we are  it seems to be resonating in almost every part of the ecosystem, the strategy we're on. And again, you get to a quarter like this and you see it really all working well together. So...
Stephen B. Burke - Comcast Corp.: Let me talk a little bit about NBCUniversal under Comcast ownership. It's been about 5.5 years. We've more than doubled operating cash flow. We're the fastest growing media company in the country. When we came, NBC was number four for seven years in a row. NBC is the starting the fourth season in a row as number one. We've had two record years at Universal Studios. Our Theme Park business has tripled or quadrupled. We've really had a wonderful experience as part of Comcast and part of that is the culture that Brian and everyone at Comcast has created. Part of it is the willingness to invest, part is Symphony, which we call our special sauce. But looking back at the last 5.5 years, the Comcast element has lent a great, great, stimulus to NBCUniversal and I think the results speak for themselves.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Thanks, Kannan. We'll take one last question.
Operator: Final question comes from the line of Mike McCormack with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. With respect to the high-speed adds, obviously quite strong, just thinking where that share is coming from? I presume mostly DSL as opposed to fiber by the telcos? And I guess thinking forward, a lot of fiber-to-the-home investment going on, is there any risk as the telco aggression I guess in the fiber field continues to roll out, that we see a more tempered outlook on high-speed data? And then maybe just another quick one on 5G, whether you see that as a threat or an opportunity? Thanks.
Neil Smit - Comcast Corp.: Well, HSD, there is still 70% to 75% of the country has HSD, so we think there is market growth opportunity. We have about 6 million DSL customers still in our footprint, so we see that as a market share opportunity and we have about 43% penetration. So we see plenty of room for growth. Concerning 5G, I think it's in the early days. It will be an exciting evolution of the wireless standards. There are limitations to it, such as propagation and the antennas it'll need to meet power and backhaul and we think that with these thousands of endpoints in the cities, in the city, you need space, power and a field force to enable the high bandwidth mobile connections. So we think we have a great set of assets that can bring significant value to the equation.
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Jason S. Armstrong - Comcast Corp.: Okay. Thank you, Mike, and thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning. Regina, back to you.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time. It will run through Wednesday, November 2, at midnight Eastern Time. The dial in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 81102798. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 p.m. today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Michael J. Cavanagh - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President, Comcast Corp.
Analysts: Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Richard Greenfield - BTIG LLC Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co. Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President Investor Relations, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh Steve Burke, and Neil Smit. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As a reminder, as part of the FCC's anti-collusion rules for the broadcast incentive auction, we cannot discuss or answer any questions related to the auction or Spectrum today. As always, let me now refer you to slide number two, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and reminds you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. We were really pleased with the second quarter results as we continue our terrific momentum this year. We increased revenue and operating cash flow thanks to broad-based strength across our businesses. As you will hear, we have many positive trends in each part of the company. At Cable, we achieved some of the best customer metrics in nearly a decade while posting strong operating cash flow growth. Our results this quarter provide further evidence that customers are responding favorably to many of our new initiatives. We added 115,000 customer relationships which is more than triple the number we added in the second quarter of 2015. In what is normally a negative seasonal quarter, we lost only 4,000 video customers, the best second quarter result we have had in over ten years. On a trailing 12-month basis we have now added about 90,000 video customers, a remarkable improvement in the face of significant competitive and technological change and a testament to the investments we've made in our platform and breadth of content. X1 is now about 40% penetrated, and we have deployed a total of 8 million voice remotes. We're rolling out 800,000 new voice remotes each month and customers love it. It's generating over 200 million commands per month. Overall, the feedback on X1 continues to be terrific and the voice remote is driving customer satisfaction with the platform even higher. Next, at high-speed Internet, we added 220,000 customers, the best second quarter result in eight years. Similar to video, the improvement was driven by better customer retention. We've started our rollout of DOCSIS 3.1 and expect this to continue to enhance the quality of our offering and ultimately our competitive advantage. We've been investing in improving the customer experience at every touch point, and we're very encouraged by our progress. Many of the key indicators around customer service are showing real improvement. First call resolution is at a multi-year high. Our billing and on-boarding contact rates are down significantly. Our customer satisfaction scores are up, and external indicators are pointing in the right direction as well. So all in all, another very strong quarter at Cable. At NBCUniversal, as expected, we had a challenging comparison in film, but we delivered very strong performance at broadcast and solid growth in our theme parks and cable networks. I'm pleased to report that we've now completed our most successful upfront since owning the company with a 12.5% CPM increase at NBC primetime. Overall, demand is strong across our entire portfolio. We've got a differentiated story versus our peers. Part of our success and leadership comes from a unified approach. We go to market as one company. Also, our Big Night strategy is compelling. If you aggregate Big Nights on TV in 2016, defined as a 10-household rating and a five in the 18 to 49 demo, we project that NBC will own 70% of those nights. We're also continuing our leading position in news. NBC Nightly News won both total viewers and a demo for the fourth consecutive quarter. The Today Show remains number one in demo, and Meet the Press has risen from number three to number one in the key demo in the past year alone. We're on track to finish number one in broadcast for the full year, and cable networks continue to benefit from a great portfolio in entertainment, sports and news. For example, we saw particular strength at MSNBC during the quarter and are proud of the six recent Emmy nominations for USA's Mr. Robot, including for outstanding drama series. At Theme Parks, the highlight during the quarter was our launch of The Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Hollywood, which has been a tremendous early success. Both attendance and per-capita spending at the park saw significant lifts and guest satisfaction is at record levels. In film, we announced our acquisition of DreamWorks in the second quarter. We look forward to welcoming the team and their wonderful creative talent to Universal and the broader Comcast family. Speaking of animation, The Secret Life of Pets is a huge success and another great example of what happens when we put the entire weight of the company behind an initiative. We featured pets on many different platforms across all of Comcast NBCUniversal, including integration with our X1 experience. The movie opened to a record-breaking $104 million, the highest-ever opening in the U.S. for an original animated film. And importantly, we created another franchise for Chris Meledandri and Illumination. Finally, let me just say a word about the Olympics. It's an honor to be the company that brings the Olympic Games to America. It's one of our greatest moments of pride, and the entire organization is ready to deliver the most comprehensive and technologically advanced Olympics in history. Starting next week in Rio, NBC's coverage will be unprecedented; everything live streamed. 306 events, 11 networks, close to 6,800 hours of content. And our Emmy-winning team will bring to life the stories of these remarkable athletes in a way that nobody else can. What excites me is the opportunity to marry the unique storytelling capabilities of NBC with Comcast's world-class technology. The best way to experience Rio will be on the X1 platform. For the first time, we have built a destination that will combine live television, online streaming and on- demand content, athlete profiles and up-to-the-minute stats in one integrated NBC Olympics dashboard. And it's all searchable with our X1 voice remote. We think that our viewers and customers are going to be amazed. Those 17 nights will showcase the strength of NBC, all of our cable networks and Comcast Cable working together, and we couldn't be more excited. So we've had a great first half of the year on so many fronts, and we're very excited to build on this in the second half. Mike, over to you.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everybody. I'm starting on slide four for those following the presentation. Our second quarter results reflect broad-based strength across our businesses, partially offset by a challenging comparison in Film where revenue declined by $915 million and operating cash flow declined by $366 million as a result of tough comparisons to our record-breaking performance in the second quarter of 2015. Recall last year's second quarter was driven by the tremendous success of both Furious 7 and Jurassic World. So including film, you can see on slide four consolidated revenue increased 2.8% and operating cash flow grew 3% for the second quarter. Earnings per share was $0.83, a 1.2% decrease compared to a year ago, and free cash flow was $1.4 billion in the quarter, a decline of 5.4%. We will go into greater detail on these results on the slides to come. Now let's start with Cable Communications on slide five. Cable Communications delivered strong second quarter results. Revenue increased 6% to $12.4 billion as we increased customer relationships and grew total revenue per customer relationship by 3% to $148 per month. We added 115,000 customer relationships, an increase of 83,000 compared to last year's second quarter, with broad-based improvement and strength across our entire footprint. Growth in two-product and three-product customers and a reduction in churn across all products drove the improvement. In fact, we have improved churn in video and high-speed data for 29 consecutive months as customers increasingly recognize the value of our X1 platform and superior high-speed data product, and we make meaningful strides in improving customer service. High-speed Internet continues to be the largest contribute to overall cable revenue growth. Revenue increased 8.6% to $3.4 billion in the quarter, reflecting strong customer growth, customers subscribing to higher levels of service and rate adjustments, which were more modest compared to the prior year. Our customer momentum continued as we added a combined 220,000 residential and business customers in the quarter, up 22% over last year's net adds, and added 1.4 million combined customers over the past 12 months. We continue to gain market share and benefit from growth in the overall market as customers respond to our product differentiation. At the end of the quarter, 79% of our residential customers received speeds of 50 megabits per second or greater compared to 69% in the prior year. Video revenue increased 2.8% to $5.6 billion in the quarter primarily due to rate adjustments as well as customers subscribing to additional services, including premium channels, HD DVR and additional outlets. Our rate of growth was impacted by the challenging comparison to the hugely successful Pacquiao versus Mayweather fight on pay-per-view in last year's second quarter. Our rate adjustments are primarily from broadcast TV and RSN fees which, as we will discuss in programming expenses, are the most significant sources of our cost pressure. In terms of volume, our total Video customer base has grown modestly year over year as we have consistently improved our Video customer metrics for several quarters. In a quarter that's typically seasonally weak, we lost a combined 4,000 net Video customers, an improvement of 64,000 versus the year-ago quarter, and as Brian noted, making this our best second quarter result in over 10 years. The improvement continues to be driven primarily by improved churn. Our X1 platform is proving to be a real competitive differentiator, and we continue to make good progress, rolling it out to 855,000 net new and existing customers this quarter with nearly 40% of our total Video customers now having X1. In addition to great technology, we couple this with a breadth of content available on demand and with a compelling TV Everywhere offering. Our customers are responding to these choices. On X1, 85% of our subscribers are using XFINITY On Demand monthly, viewing 29 hours a month on average. And 42% of our subscribers are using our TV Everywhere platforms monthly, up 17% from last year, viewing 10 hours a month on average. We think this adds great utility to our Video service. Rounding out our residential products, voice revenue declined by 1.1% to $893 million in the second quarter as customer combined net additions of 64,000 were offset by a modest decline in ARPU, reflecting our usual revenue allocations within our multi-product packages. Let's now turn to business services, which continues to deliver excellent results. Revenue increased 17% to $1.4 billion, with the small business segment accounting for about 75% of our revenue and 60% of our growth. Revenue for the mid-size business segment continues to grow at an attractive rate and its contribution as a percentage of total business revenue is increasing. Overall, business services has strong positive momentum and continues to represent a large and attractive growth opportunity for the company. Cable advertising revenue increased 3.5% to $597 million, reflecting higher political revenue, as we continue to benefit from advertising for the upcoming elections. Excluding the political contribution, our cable advertising revenue increased 1.1%, reflecting slower growth across core categories and the timing of media spending. Despite the slowdown in core local advertising, we expect advertising revenue growth to ramp in the second half of this year, again driven by political revenue from the upcoming elections. Turning to slide six, second quarter Cable Communications operating cash flow increased 5.7% to $5 billion, resulting in a margin of 40.6%, relatively consistent with the second quarter of 2015. Programming expenses grew 7.4%. However, excluding the impact of the pay-per-view fees associated with the fight in last year's second's quarter, programming expense growth would have been 9.4%. This growth reflects programming contract renewals, higher retransmission consent fees and sports programming costs. We continue to expect approximately 10% growth in programming costs for 2016 as growth ramps in the second half of the year, driven by upcoming contract renewals. Non-programming expenses increased 5.5%, reflecting our planned investment to improve the customer experience and to continue the rollout of X1. We've added technicians and service personnel, strengthened our dispatch teams and operations and invested in training, tools and technology. As a result, technical and product support and customer service costs each increased 6%. On a year-to-date basis, operating cash flow increased 5.3% to $9.9 billion, resulting in a margin of 40.3%, down 40 basis points compared to the same period in 2015. As a reminder, earlier this year we provided full year guidance for our 2016 Cable operating margin to be flat to down 50 basis points compared to 40.6% in 2015, and that guidance is unchanged. Now let's move on to NBCUniversal's results. On slide seven, you can see NBCUniversal delivered strong results in our TV and Theme Park businesses, offset by the challenging film comparison. Revenue declined 1.8% and operating cash flow remained stable at $1.7 billion. Adjusting to include the acquisition of Universal Studios Japan in last year's results, pro forma revenue decreased 5.1% and operating cash flow decreased 6.4%. Cable Network's revenue increased 4.7% and operating cash flow increased 8.3% to $944 million, reflecting higher distribution and content licensing and other revenue as well as lower advertising, marketing and promotion expenses, partially offset by an increase in programming and production costs. Distribution revenue increased 6.9%, driven by contractual rate increases and contract renewals, partially offset by a slight decline in subscribers at our cable networks. Advertising revenue was flat compared to the second quarter of 2015, reflecting strong pricing, offset by audience ratings declines at our cable networks. Broadcast Television had another strong quarter, with revenue growth of 17.3% and operating cash flow growth of 70.5% to $394 million. This increase reflects higher content licensing, retransmission and advertising revenue partially offset by higher programming and production spending. Content licensing increased 59.9% primarily due to the availability of content in our current SVOD deals. Distribution and other revenue growth of 35% was driven by a 63% increase in retransmission revenue. Last, advertising revenue increased a healthy 2.9% reflecting a strong scatter market partially offset by a challenging comparison in sports advertising due to less favorable NHL playoff matchups and the absence of a Triple Crown contender. Film revenue declined 40.4% and operate cash flow declined 86.7% to $56 million reflecting the difficult comparison to last year's film performance. Most notably, theatrical revenue declined 78.8% compared to last year's second quarter which included the strong performances of Furious 7 and Jurassic World. In addition, home entertainment revenue declined 25.1% due to the strong performance of several releases last year, including Fifty Shades of Grey. Partially offsetting this lower revenue was higher content licensing revenue due to several of last year's theatrical releases like Minions and Jurassic World now in the pay-TV window. Theme Parks' revenue increased 47% to $1.1 billion and operating cash flow increased 40.5% to $469 million in the second quarter of 2016. On a pro forma basis, revenue increased 10.6% and operate cash flow increased 5.3%. These results were driven by higher per capita spending at the Parks and the successful opening of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter attraction in Hollywood. Partially offsetting these results was the timing of spring break which was more concentrated in the first quarter this year, and pre-opening costs ahead of the new King Kong attraction this summer in Orlando. Let's move on to slide eight to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. Consolidated capital expenditures increased 15.2% to $2.3 billion in the second quarter. At Cable Communications, capital expenditures increased 12% to $1.9 billion for the quarter, and on a year-to-date basis have increased 10.6% to $3.5 billion representing capital intensity of 14% compared to 13.5% for the first half of 2015. The higher spending reflects increased investment in line extensions and a higher level of investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity. Our investment in our network helps enhance our competitive position in broadband while staying ahead of rapid growth and bandwidth consumption by our customers. We believe we have, and will continue to monetize these investments effectively, through subscriber growth and rate adjustments. In addition, our higher capital expenditures reflect spending on customer premise equipment related to the deployment of our wireless gateways and the X1 platform. We continue to expect that for the full year of 2016, our Cable capital intensity will remain flat to 2015 at approximately 15%. At NBCUniversal, capital expenditures increased 32.4% to $360 million in the second quarter and increased 21.3% to $655 million on a year-to-date basis driven by the inclusion of a full quarter of Universal Studios Japan. We continue to expect NBCUniversal's CapEx to increase approximately 10% this year. I'll now finish up on slide nine. As I mentioned earlier, consolidated free cash flow declined 5.4% to $1.4 billion in the second quarter reflecting growth in consolidated operating cash flow offset by higher capital expenditures. For the first half of the year we generated $4.2 billion in free cash flow, a decrease of 9.8% over the first half of 2015. This decline reflects growth in consolidated operating cash flow offset by increased working capital as well as higher capital expenditures and cash paid for capitalized software and other intangible assets. In addition to investing in the business, we are also successfully executing our plan for returning capital to shareholders. Dividend payments during the quarter were $670 million up 6.6% and share repurchases were $1.1 billion, consistent with our plan to repurchase $5 billion of our common stock during the full year. In addition, we ended the quarter right at 2.0 times net leverage, in line with our stated target. That concludes our summary of the quarter. I hope that everyone now has a good sense for how pleased we are with our results as well as our momentum going into the second half of the year. Now I'll turn it back to Jason to lead the Q&A.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Mike. Regina, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. Good morning. A question regarding your Cable business for a second, and something that we've seen coming up in your set-top box configurations. Can you talk about the XB6 wireless gateway configuration for video distribution and what that might do, not just to the CapEx cost of X1 deployment, but also the OpEx cost of self-provisioning and how that might  when we might see that being operationalized?
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Hi, Craig. It's Neil. The XB6 will be out  it's in the lab now. It'll be out towards the end of year or early next year. It is, as you mentioned, a Wi-Fi based delivery of the video signal, and which should cut down on both OpEx and CapEx cost. And we haven't put out how much yet. It's still in the early days, but I think it'll be a great addition to the overall hardware configuration and should over time bring down CapEx cost  CPE cost.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: And is there anything you can update us on with respect to the kind of reaction you're seeing from customers about the current X1 set-top boxes with respect to take rates of VOD, churn rates and what have you?
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Well, churn rates are down significantly with the X1. DVR take rate is about three times native. The pay-per-view is about two times native. We're getting more additional outlets per box so the ARPU is up significantly and churn is down. So it's been a great product for us and we keep innovating with it and adding new features and functionality.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thanks, Neil.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Craig. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. I have a question for Brian and one for Steve. Brian, the industry has a long history of collaboration that's been a big part of the success if you think about cable labs, et cetera, and I'm wondering in the context of all the big changes in ownership outside of Comcast and when you look at how much more software-driven the business is becoming, you look at how much more streaming is happening around the country in terms of OTT, do you see either an opportunity or a need for greater collaboration throughout the cable industry going forward and you  something that you think might actually impact your business or make what you offer the consumer even more powerful? And then I'll just ask my follow-up to Steve. Steve, you had a huge content licensing quarter this quarter and I'm just wondering in that context, can you talk about your philosophy on SVOD licensing, particularly as we head towards this Hulu bundle, which, while we don't know what it looks like, there's a lot of talk about cutting back on licensing to folks like Netflix and putting more product inside the bundle. Just wondering if you could opine on how you're thinking about that at NBC.
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President, Comcast Corp.: So the content licensing numbers bounce around, and this quarter was slightly higher than some of the other quarters, but I don't think there's  I know there's no change in strategy. We run the business being very careful about windows and being very careful about the various ways that we make money, and we've essentially licensed to everybody that you would expect us to license to. As it relates to the new OTT entrance, I think the key there is going to be making sure that we're in every bundle, and I think we're going to be. We have more channels and more eyeballs than anyone else and we're pretty much essential to those bundles. And then as they go out, making sure that they're incremental, that they're not cannibalistic, wholly cannibalistic. I believe the vast majority of OTT subscribers will be incremental. We'll be going after people who currently are not part of the ecosystem and therefore will be additive to NBCUniversal and all of Comcast NBCUniversal as well.
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Look, I'm not sure I know what's at your question there, Ben, but I think listening to it, first thing we did is we wanted to have sufficient scale for Comcast to be able to invest in the kinds of things we're going to do for the Olympics and X1 where we have enough scale to justify that and do really well as a stand-alone company. We've always liked to collaborate, you're right about that. As we look at things like business services and advanced advertising, one of reasons we were happy to see some of the other consolidation that took place earlier in the year and has been happening is to enable that collaboration, and I think it also extends to programmers and operators trying to find ways to use this new technology to give more value to the consumer. And whether that's starting with high def, working all the way to on demand and DVRs to now additional content and random access and on multi-screens and all devices and whatever's coming next, and it's a very exciting time. And I think our company has a real momentum of being new products, innovation, improving service, and I think that's why you're seeing the results we're reporting his morning.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you both.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Ben. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Greenfield with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Hi. Couple questions. One, just wondering how are you thinking about balancing Video subs relative to ARPU? Obviously your Video sub growth has been really impressive relative to the rest of industry. ARPU's slowing a little bit, and just wondering what's going on there in terms of the balancing act. And then two, just wanted to follow up on the last question tied to Hulu. At INTX, I think, Brian, and your team talked to how technologically, there's nothing stopping X1 from working nationwide, and given all the stats that Neil just cited for X1, with Hulu, DISH, DIRECTV, YouTube and others going nationwide, what's stopping Comcast from basically launching X1 on a nationwide basis and really competing with everyone that's out there?
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Hi, Rich. It's Neil. I think the first question concerning how do we balance subs and ARPU can be explained by the fight  the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight last year. The difference in revenue was about 150 basis points in the fight, so if we were to include the fight this year, it would be we'd be 150 basis points up if you want to look at it that way and actually higher ARPU than last year's second quarter  or higher revenue, excuse me. So that explains that. I think we continuously balance the volume and the rate, but we also had more subs come into the starter package, which is a fully-bundled package, this quarter than we had in the past, so we're get the fully-bundled product out there.
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'll take the second one. First of all, I think, Neil, you guys are doing a great job in that answer, and the balance is one of the things we're most proud of. It's not just subscribers. It's the revenue and cash flow growth for Cable very healthy this quarter and all year, and the trend is we're doing both really well. So thanks for asking that because the fight did distort that this quarter a bit. Look, on  we just fundamentally believe for now that our end market, end footprint strategy is where we add the most value to consumers. Right now we're 40% X1 penetrated. We're hoping to increase that in the short period, next year or two. As it continues to scale, our broadband is great results, business services, it all works well with having a network. OTT economics are unproven to us, and out of footprint it's not clear that that's the right strategy for us. So we're about a business model where we're able to grow the customer base, have customers that have multiple products, really high value and ever-reducing churn and innovative new products you that bolt on. Now, it's not clear how you do that where you don't have a network, but we're innovating all the time, and we're happy with the strategy we have.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Great. Thanks, Rich.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Wow.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. First question for Cable. It looks like expense growth moderated in the quarter if we look at just advertising and customer service. Is this seasonality? Or are you through the bulk of investment spend? And then the second question is for Steve. The 63% increase in the retrans number, is this coming more from retrans or from reverse comp? Or are they evenly split at this point?
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Hi, Marci. On the programming costs question, it came in at 7.4%, but again, it was the fight last year that if included would have risen our rate to a 9.4% increase. So it was a significant difference between cost this year and last.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Neil, I was talking more about the non-programming expense.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: The non-programming expense?
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: I wouldn't read anything significantly into that. It was non-programming expense. We're still focusing on customer service, we're still driving out X1, so I think that the trends are going to be fairly consistent there.
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President, Comcast Corp.: So in terms of retransmission consent, we've grown retrans very, very substantially in the last five years. But we still lag the other three big broadcasters based on what we know. We make slightly more from our affiliates as a share of their retrans than we make from our O&Os, but the real point, I think, on retrans is we still have some major contracts where retrans is going to take significant step-ups and we're still hundreds of millions of dollars less than some of the other comparable peers. And we think we deserve the same amount for retransmission consent. We have the Olympics, we have the NFL, we're the number one network in the demo, and so I think over time that'll be a number that continues to grow nicely.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Marci. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Two questions, both for Neil. First, there's like a one terabyte cap now on your monthly usage for broadband. I just want to understand how we think about usage-based pricing given that hurdle in consumption. And then we saw an announcement on you introducing a prepaid offering. Just want to understand the market opportunity, and that's something we normally see in the developing world. Why was there a need to actually do a prepaid offering for video? Thank you.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Well we have one terabyte. We moved it up from 300 gigabyte to one terabyte in 14% of our markets where we have usage-based pricing. We think we're going to continue to adjust and look at it as the market evolves and as usage evolves. We have different pricing models, some based on speed, some based on usage, and we're going to be flexible and kind of let the market tell us which way is best for consumers and how we add the most value. We continue to add speeds. We've upped speeds 17 times in 15 years. We've built out the fastest Wi-Fi. So we're going to continue to invest in the network to stay ahead of things. Concerning prepaid, there is a segment of the customer, or consumer base, that we felt that there was a better model at serving them. They're generally lower income, may or may not have a credit card and generally wouldn't meet our credit ratings  or credit standards that we had applied for customers  acquiring customers. So we felt this was a good model. We tested it and it and worked well, and so we'll be rolling it out on a broader basis.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Vijay. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Couple things. Staying away from Spectrum, but can you talk about the wireless strategy of the company and when we might see you do some MVNO trials? And second, following up on Steve, with a nearly 13% CPM increase, how do you think about your monetization gap versus the industry, and how long to get to parity on advertising rates? Thanks.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Concerning the Wireless strategy and Spectrum, I can't really talk about Spectrum but we think the Wireless represents a significant opportunity for the business. With 28 million customer relationships, our MVNO rights, which we've invoked, and our 15 million Wi-Fi hotspots, we think there's a real business opportunity there. We've been in test and learn mode. We recently announced Greg Butz, who was running all our sales channels to take over the marketing, take over the wireless business. He comes from that business, came to Comcast from the wireless business and has a great deal of experience in selling to our base and acquiring new customers. So we're continuing to move forward with our strategy and more to come in the future.
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President, Comcast Corp.: So over the last five years, we've talked a lot about what we call the monetization gap, which is the gap between the CPMs that other people get and the CPMs that we receive. We also have had a monetization gap on the affiliate side, which is the gap between the retrans or the affiliate fees that we receive in similarly situated channels. At the time we did the deal, the monetization gap was about 20% on add sales. We've closed the majority of that gap, and the biggest progress we've made in any single upfront was the progress we just made. A few years ago we put all of our channels together. We had previously sold cable separately from broadcast and sports separately from primetime and news. We put everything together. So now if you want to buy from any part of the company, we have a discussion about every part of the company, and that, because we're the larger provider of television advertising in the country, people come to us first. So for the last couple upfronts, we've really led the discussions and led the sort of negotiations and price setting of the entire market. Brian mentioned it in his overview, but we got 12.5% increases on NBC Entertainment, but we also got 13% on USA. We got 12% on E!, we got 10% on Bravo, and overall Cable was up double digits and broadcast was up double digits. So we had a wonderful upfront. I think in some I instances, we might be a few percentage points ahead of similarly situated networks this year. But we think we deserve that, and we still have a gap that we're trying to close. It's hard to make progress that's much more material than a few percentage points, but I think we certainly made it this year. And we're also taking advantage of the fact that it's a strong advertising market, both in scattering and upfront pricing, and I think big advertisers realize that digital's an important part of the mix. But if you have a major product launch, you really, really have to look at big events on broadcasting cable television that can provide the kind of reach and sort of depth that you get. Think of what someone gets when they advertise in the Olympics. We have three times the combined ratings on any given night during the Olympics of ABC, CBS and Fox. So that kind of appeal, if you're marketing an automobile or a beer or a car, it's just a tremendous value proposition and we're happy to have it, and we made real progress this year.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, Steve.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Phil. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Oh, thanks. I'll focus on NBC in my two questions, but I just want to stay I've never seen a second quarter with video subs flattish even when the industry was like a fraction of penetration, so hats off to Neil. But I have two NBC questions. One is on the Olympics. And Steve, you just touched on the Big Nights that you'll have, but given your differentiated and unique approach to the Olympics, how will you monetize beyond the advertising sales you've already garnered? And the second completely different question but also NBCU is, can you talk a little bit about your China strategy? Have you actually signed the documents for Beijing Park and what the timing is? How are you thinking about film? The quotas are likely to be, and the splits, likely to be lifted next year? So can you just talk about overall approach to China? Thanks?
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President, Comcast Corp.: Okay. So let me start with the Olympics. So, for the first time since we've been here, we hit our advertising budget for the Olympics three weeks before the start of the Olympics. Normally we would hit the budget right about the time the Olympics started or shortly thereafter. And our budget was about a 20% increase from London. So we're very, very happy with how we're doing in terms of Olympic sales. We make money a lot of different ways in the Olympics. We have national advertising, which is what I was just referring to. We also have a lot of advertising in our own stations. We get paid an affiliate fee by cable and satellite and telco operators. And then we have a very big digital business. All of those businesses look terrific. And the way the Olympics work, you have a sufficient make-good to cover any rating shortfall which we hope and think there won't be. But even if there was a significant shortfall, we would just make good during the Olympics. So we're looking, I think, at a very profitable Olympics. We made $120 million or thereabouts in London, and we are going to make a lot more than that in Rio. So we're looking forward to that. China, Brian and I were in China two weeks ago, and we are very, very bullish on our business there as are most people doing business in China. NBCUniversal made essentially nothing in China four years ago. I'm talking movies, television, consumer products and theme parks. Last year we made call it $170 million in China from movies and television. That number's going to grow substantially in the future. We have existing deals and new deals and we're getting better and better at bringing our products to China. And then in 2020, we're projecting to open a theme park in Beijing, which we're very bullish about. We have not signed all the documents but we've had countless meetings. By the way, our first meeting about Beijing happened something like 12 years ago. So this has been going on a long, long time. But we're essentially  we're in schematic drawings. We've had countless discussions on  we have all the attractions laid out. I mean we're really in production mode. And I think when you look forward to 2020, combination of movies and television and theme parks, China is going to be a very, very substantial profit generator for our company.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Jessica. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. Couple questions for Neil. First on the X1, you've gone from 30% to 40% penetration in first half year. It looks like you'll be north of 50% by the end of the year. Can you give us an idea of where you think that number tops out? And looking at that, can we assume that 2016 here is the big year in term of CapEx and OpEx to support it for the X1 rollout? That's number one. And then second is on the business market. Nice growth, 17% growth, obviously most of it coming from the small, medium size business. Do you believe you need more assets to go after the large business market? Is that an opportunity for you, especially out-of-region assets? Or is a partnership with Charter and other cable companies the more likely way you approach that segment of the market? Thanks.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Hi, John. With X1, we will be at about 50% penetration by the end of the year. We put out about 885,000 boxes this quarter, so we are growing at a good rate. We'll continue to press more penetration. I'm not exactly sure where it tops out but you could say that generally speaking, in the 80%, 85% range. There's a part of the base you probably don't get to because you don't want to disrupt satisfied legacy customers who are in single-play video. Concerning the business services, you're right. The majority of the growth is still coming from small and medium size. We stood up the enterprise business September of 2015. We're growing customers and we are doing deals with other MSOs. So Huawei's a good example. We just signed a deal with them for 700 locations for both XFINITY public Wi-Fi in the stores and then employee Wi-Fi also within the stores and we did it out of footprint and in footprint. So we did deals with other operators and it's worked out very well. So a lot of the chains we're opening up to like banks have main headquarters and then multiple locations. And that's kind of the profile we're going after in the enterprise space and it's moving ahead quite nicely.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Got you. But on the X1, can we assume that the spending there is topping out this year and maybe it's flat to down next year to support that?
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: We haven't made any projections as to how many boxes we'll be getting out over the next year. We're still working the 2017 plan. But I think that, you know, the other thing we're doing is getting X1 out on other devices and incorporating other players like Netflix into X1. So as we go out, and you can get the X1 experience on a Roku or a Samsung TV, that'll also extend its reach.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Great. Thanks, Neil.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, John. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I just have a question for Mr. Burke. Several years ago when you first got control of NBCUniversal, I think you guys said if you had your druthers, you'd have fewer brands to support within the cable network division. And I just wonder, is that still true? Do you still believe that's true given the way you're selling ads? And if it is true, is there something subtle going on underneath the way you're allocating your programming dollars where you're arraying them against a fewer subset of all the brands that you have?
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President, Comcast Corp.: I do think that we and most of the big media companies are concentrating on their big brands. We have some cable channels that don't have full distribution. We've had a certain amount of consolidation and moving around. We had a network called G4 and a network called Style that neither one currently exist. And I think you'll see more of that. I think you'll see the more of that with us and others as the discussions with NVPDs get more and more contentious. I think it's  you want to make sure that your big networks are fully supported and you're more willing to re-allocate. Normally when you do those re-allocations, they're not all that negative for the content owner because you can take some of the programming and fees and ad sales and move them, consolidate them on some of your bigger networks. The good news for us, really, and you're seeing this with OTT, is if you have NBC you really need to be in a bundle. If you have USA it really needs to be in a bundle. If you have Syfy or Bravo or E!, those are big substantial networks that are in the bundle. And when you really look at our cable networks, we make most of our money in those big channels. And we've trimmed, and I think you'll see us and others continue to trim some of the more marginal channels. There's just too many channels and people are spending too much programming channels that are not fully distributed and you'd much rather put your money and have Mr. Robot on USA and have The Voice and Blind Spot on NBC and really go with your strong networks.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): How far along would you say are you in that evolution please?
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President, Comcast Corp.: I don't know. I think there's more to do. We've done some. I think there's more to do. I don't think it's going to have a material impact on the way our profitability looks in terms of cable channels one way or the other. It might be slightly positive, but I think it'll evolve itself over the next number of years and we'll continue to invest what we need to invest in the big guys and try to trim some of smaller ones.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Jason. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for taking the question, and just going back to the video trends, you talked about this long cycle you've seen and improvements in churn, and I'm just curious, do you feel like you're getting to the point where maybe most of that improvement is behind you? Or do you still see some obvious ways you can continue to chisel away at that? And then just at a higher level, your thoughts on the competitive environment in video. Seems like the second quarter may not have been the most competitive quarter in light of some internal issues that your competitors were facing. Are you expecting any meaningful change in the second half of the year, and is there anything you think you need to do to maybe reposition around the competitive environment in the back half? Thanks.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: I think on the video side we're  we've got what I believe is the best product out there in X1. We continue to add content. We're integrating new content into the platform. We're getting on more devices, and I think we're just executing better. So I see room in continued churn reduction. It's been 29 straight months on the video and HSD side, and I think there's still opportunity there as we improve the customer experience and continue to develop the product. And your second question was...
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: See broad competitive environment, particularly looking into the second half.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah. The competitive environment, there, I think that we're competing well across all markets. Verizon had the strike this quarter but that's only in 15% of our footprint, and the rest of our footprint performed just as well. So I think we're always in a competitive environment. Nothing's changed dramatically, and we think we're competing very well.
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thanks.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Brett. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente with Nomura Securities. Please go ahead.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. First, for Steve, given the agreement for Netflix to be integrated with X1, Comcast cable's giving its customers better access to an ad-free viewing option relative to an ad-supported VOD option on cable. Are you concerned that that integration could have an impact on ratings and potentially ad revenue at NBCU and other cable TV programmers in the industry? And then second question for Neil, I just wanted to get your thoughts on the value of premium paid TV networks to your video platform given that they're going direct to consumer increasingly. So for example, how does HBO going direct to consumer with HBO NOW change your approach to marketing it? Does it change the value of HBO to your video customers, or do you look at it as an opportunity on the broadband side? Thank you both.
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President, Comcast Corp.: So when you look at all the change that's going on in the video spaces, I think it`s easy to sort of overreact to a change or to predict that a change is going to be more dramatic than it really is. The fact of the matter is something like 40% of the people in America have Netflix now, and the people  it's obviously an extremely successful service and people are watching a lot on Netflix. And whatever Netflix is doing to viewing habits, I think a lot of that is already done and it's going to change and the tide'll come in and go out. But I the fact that Neil's putting it on the set-top box is a great idea. It's very customer-focused. It's going to make Comcast an easier place to view, particularly with X1, easier place to view all the options in video and I think it's a very smart strategy for Comcast, and I think to the degree the MVPD ecosystem stays strong, that's good for NBCUniversal. Our relationship with Netflix has never been better. They're a huge purchaser of our content. We talk to them all the time. So my prediction is it'll be quite a good thing for Comcast Cable and it'll be a good thing for NBCUniversal.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: As Steve said, the X1 platform gives us the ability to be an aggregator of aggregators and to incorporate services like Netflix and to give the customer easy access to it, a seamless access. We had tossed around the decision for a while, but really it came down to what's best for the customer as we get very customer experience focused and making sure we had critical mass in X1 so it made a difference. But concerning the premium packages overall, I don't see their role changing dramatically. I think there needs to be some sort of a relationship or an indexing between retail and wholesale pricing, but we still think they add great value to the service and we'll continue to work them into the service.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Anthony. Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I want to ask, I guess, first on advertising, Steve, just was wondering (54:45  54:48) and also if you could comment on I guess how much of your inventory sold in the upfronts this year relative to last year. Did you sell more, or roughly the same or less? And was also wondering what your expectations, Neil and Steve, are for political advertising as the election cycle gets underway. And then if I could, separately, I just wanted to ask you about the YES dispute. You had obviously the real viewing data that made you confident in going ahead without YES carriage. Just wondering what you learned there and how it might affect future negotiations on RSNs. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Hey, Bryan. It's Jason. Just to clarify, because you did break up for a part of the question, the first question was about inventory sold in the upfront? Is that the entirety of it?
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: The first question was if you could comment on what you're seeing in the scatter market right now, and then also separately if you could comment on how much of the inventory you moved to this year in the upfront. Yes.
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President, Comcast Corp.: Okay. I would say the scatter market continues to be extremely strong, as strong as we can remember it being. And that's continuing. We're going into an Olympics period, so who knows what's going to happen there, but I think the advertising market is very, very strong, and some of that is reflected in the upfront. In terms of volume in the upfront, I think we could have sold a lot more than we sold in the upfront. We sold about 10% more volume on the broadcast side, about 5% overall. We turned away a lot of volume. We're working on mix on the cable side to try to get higher, more profitable advertising into our mix in some of our cable channels. But there was plenty of volume. And we could have sold more if we wanted to. The percentage sold as a percent of the total is roughly comparable to previous years, so we still have, depending on the network, 20%, 25% of the volume available for a strong scatter market.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: And concerning political, we see a good opportunity in the fourth quarter as we have seen in the past, and so we think there's room there. And concerning YES, we had very detailed viewership data that  where we assumed that if we took it off the air, there would be a certain amount of lost subscribers and our assumptions were much higher than the actual case turned out to be. We lost many fewer subscribers than we anticipated. So I think at the end of the day, great programming there will always be a price for, and we'll go in well informed to our conversations and look for value add to the consumer and value add between the programmers and distributors.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Bryan. Regina, we'll make this the last question, please.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Mike McCormack with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks. Neil, maybe just a couple for you. On thinking about the fourth quarter or the back end of the year, we're seeing a lot of OTT offerings coming out. How do you guys think about positioning a single-play broadband product, and I guess how much flexibility do you have in pricing that? And then secondly, either Mike or Neil, just thinking about the cable OCF (58:14) guide, is that just programming in the back half that might weigh on it?
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah. Concerning the Q4 OTT products, as Brian said earlier, we haven't seen an OTT model that really is very profitable for us and we think that bundling our products and having business services and operating  the bundle is still the best value. And concerning single play and broadband, we do market that. We think there's going to continue to be streaming services and OTT services that come through and broadband will continue to grow as we continue to invest in the network and the Wi-Fi capabilities.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: And in term of programming costs, so for the full year we still expect to be up about 10% for the full year year-over-year. We were about 9.4% for the year-to-date when you adjust out the deflation caused by the fight, and that's on the back of contract renewals that we had at the beginning of year and we'll have in the second half and some of that'll carry over to next year as well.
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: And, Mike, is it just the programming piece, though, that drives the, what looks to be conservative guidance based on the first half?
Michael J. Cavanagh - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Well first half of the year on overall margin we were down 40 basis points to 40.3% versus 40.6% last year, and as we said at the beginning of the year, it will be flat to down 50 basis points, and not going to tune up the second half of the year, but all the trends are as just described so we'll be in that range.
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you, Mike, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Regina, back to you.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time. It will run through Wednesday, August 3, at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056, and the conference ID number is 28741694. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 p.m. today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 13:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Michael J. Cavanagh - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President, Comcast Corp.
Analysts: Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co. Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Frank Garreth Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke, and Neil Smit. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As a reminder, because of the FCC's anti-collusion rules for the broadcast incentive option, we cannot discuss or answer any questions related to the option or spectrum today, nor will we be commenting about recent rumors or speculation about any M&A transaction. As always, let me now refer you to slide number two, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. We're off to a great start in 2016. We increased revenue and operating cash flow in the first quarter, while continuing to prudently invest in the businesses to further strengthen our competitive position and drive growth. I believe our Cable business is really differentiating itself, bolstering real innovation that is translating into the strong momentum you see in these results. We're demonstrating notable improvements in customer service, investing to put the industry's fastest Wi-Fi in homes, and to be the first to bring customers widespread access to gigabit speeds through DOCSIS 3.1 technology, and with X1, delivering a platform and a breadth of content that's unrivaled. And this quarter once again shows, our customers are responding to all of this. We increased our customer relationship growth by 36% from the first quarter of 2015 and now have achieved 50% penetration of our home's past. (2:20) We added 53,000 video customers in the quarter, making us video net add positive over the past 12 months. This important milestone has eluded us for nearly a decade and we have now accomplished it within the context of an unprecedented pace of change in this industry, including the steady drumbeat of new competitors and new offers. Our voice remotes are the latest example of how we are differentiating ourselves in the market. In a short period of time, we've deployed six million of these new remotes. Thanks to Tony Werner and his technology team's great customer experience, we're getting wonderful feedback from our customers already. We added another 438,000 broadband subscribers in the quarter, the best first quarter we've had in four years. Much like our improvement in video, the progress we are making is largely a result of improvements in churn. We are upping speeds, delivering best-in-class Wi-Fi access, and investing in more ways to add value to our customers. As a result, they are staying with us longer. Business services delivered another excellent quarter, with revenue growth of nearly 18%. This growth comes with very attractive margins for us, as you know. We continue to take share in small business and bring new competition and choice for midsize businesses as well as enterprise customers. Just as important as our strong service and subscriber metrics, Neil and the team are demonstrating terrific balance driving revenue per customer relationship forward at a healthy clip along with solid operating cash flow growth. Over at NBCUniversal, Steve and his team delivered another strong quarter. Operating cash flow increased by 10%, benefiting from particularly strong performance in Broadcast and our recent acquisition of Universal Studios Japan. Our TV business has performed well and it's had some good momentum. The advertising environment remains robust, which we believe sets up Linda Yaccarino and her team for a strong upfront. This year, we are unifying the upfront for NBC, Broadcast, Telemundo, and Cable Networks, reflecting the way we go to market as a strong and comprehensive portfolio. We feel great about our position, which will be strengthened as we now add Thursday Night Football to go along with an already strong list of sports properties. Speaking of strong sports properties, we recently surpassed $1 billion in national advertising sales for the Rio Olympics, achieving this milestone far earlier than the London Olympics. This is a very promising result, which reinforces our view of the attractiveness of this event. Meanwhile, MSNBC continues its impressive performance with its best ratings in three years and primetime up over 100%. Andy Lack and the news team are doing a wonderful job with the news organization, particularly through the early stages of this election cycle. In our Theme Parks, we're delighted about our trajectory, the momentum that we've created, and our roadmap with new investments in new attractions and additional hotel room capacity. Universal Studios Japan set attendance records in this just-ended fiscal year, and performed well in our first full quarter of ownership. Additionally, we just launched Harry Potter at Universal Hollywood and we expect it to follow the strong success we have seen with our other Potter attractions. We've got a unique and wonderful set of assets which provides Comcast NBCUniversal with many opportunities. All of this will be on display this summer when we put the full weight of the company behind the Olympics. I'm amazed at what we've accomplished in a short period of time as a combined company just five years in, and I think we're not only five years wiser and stronger but really better together. We're confident we remain on the right path to creating value for our customers and shareholders, and I couldn't be more excited about our future. Mike, over to you.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Good morning, everybody. Let's go right to the first quarter on slide four and cover the key financials. Overall, we delivered consolidated revenue growth of 5.3% and operating cash flow growth of 6.9% for the first quarter. At Cable, the primary drivers of growth were high-speed data, video, and business services; while NBCUniversal's results were driven by Broadcast, Cable Networks, and Theme Parks, which was positively impacted by the inclusion of Universal Studios Japan. Moving down the income statement, adjusted earnings per share for the first quarter was $0.84 a share, a 6.3% increase compared to a year ago. The cash flow was $2.8 billion in the first quarter, a decline of 11.9%, while free cash flow per share declined 8.8% to $1.14. We'll go into greater detail on these results on slides to come. Now, let's review the results of our businesses in more detail, starting with Cable Communications on slide five. Cable Communications delivered a solid first quarter. Revenue increased 6.7% to $12.2 billion as we increased customer relationships and grew total revenue per customer relationship by 4% to $146 per month. We added 269,000 customer relationships, 36% improvement in net adds compared to last year's first quarter, driven by growth in two-product and three-product customers and a reduction in churn across all products. In fact, video and high-speed data have each improved churn for 26 consecutive months. High-speed Internet continues to be the largest contributor to overall Cable revenue growth. Revenue increased 7.6% to $3.3 billion in the quarter, reflecting strong customer growth, customers subscribing to higher levels of service, and more modest rate adjustments compared to the prior year. Customer growth was strong, as we added a combined 438,000 net data customers in the quarter, which includes residential and business customers. We continue to differentiate and improve our product by increasing our speeds on existing tiers as well as offering the fastest in-home Wi-Fi with our advanced wireless gateways. At the end of the quarter, 77% of our residential customers received speeds of 50 Mb per second or greater and have one of our wireless gateways, both up significantly from the prior year. Video revenue remained healthy, increasing 3.9% to $5.5 billion in the quarter, primarily due to rate adjustments as well as customers subscribing to additional services, including premium channels, HD DVRs, and additional outlets. We added a combined 53,000 net video customers, our best first quarter result in nine years, driven primarily by another quarter of improved churn. We continue to make great progress rolling out X1 to new and existing customers, adding 1.1 million customers in the quarter, a 53% increase in net adds compared to last year. Nearly 35% of our total video customers have X1, which we believe is a real competitive differentiator. Coupled with the X1 technology is the breadth of content we offer customers both On Demand and with the compelling TV Everywhere offering. On X1, 86% of subscribers are using XFINITY on-demand monthly, viewing 25 hours a month on average; and 42% of subscribers are using our mobile TV Everywhere platforms monthly, up 32% from last year, viewing 7 hours a month on average. We think this adds great utility to our video service. Rounding out our residential products, voice revenue declined by 1.1% to $896 million in the first quarter, as customer additions were offset by a modest decline in ARPU. In the first quarter, we added a combined 102,000 net voice customers, up 33% versus a year ago. Now let's turn to business services, which continues to deliver excellent results. Revenue increased 17.5% to $1.3 billion, with the small business segment accounting for about 75% of our revenues and 60% of our growth. Revenue for the midsize business segment is growing at a faster rate than the small business segment, increasing its contribution as a percentage of total business revenue. Overall, business services has strong positive momentum, and continues to represent a large and attractive growth opportunity for the company. Finally, Cable advertising revenue increased 12.1% to $559 million. Excluding political revenue, our Cable advertising revenue increased 7.6% in the first quarter. Turning to slide six, first quarter Cable Communications operating cash flow increased 5% to $4.9 billion, resulting in a margin of 40.1% compared to 40.7% in the first quarter of 2015, driven by higher expenses primarily related to increases in programming costs and the investments we are making to improve the customer experience. Programming expenses grew 9.4%, reflecting programming contract renewals, as well as higher retransmit and consent fees and sports programming costs. As we've noted before, when we negotiate programming deals, we continue to value expanded content rights for our On Demand and TV Everywhere platforms. We continue to add more content, out-of-home rights, stacking rights, and back seasons, which helps ensure we have the most compelling and competitive video product on the market. Non-programming expenses increased 6.9%, reflecting our planned investment to improve the customer experience and to continue the rollout of X1. We've added technicians and service personnel, strengthened our dispatch teams and operations, and invested in training, tools, and technology. As a result, technical and product support costs grew 6.3%, and customer service expenses increased 8%. We continue to expect our 2016 Cable operating margin to be flat to down 50 basis points compared to 40.6% in 2015, as programming and other expense growth should be offset by modest rate adjustments, growth in high-margin businesses like high-speed data and business services, and continued overall cost discipline. Keep in mind for the second quarter, we face tough comparisons to last year's hugely successful Pacquiao versus Mayweather fight on pay-per-view. However, growth in high-margin political advertising revenue should provide more significant support for margin in the back half of the year. Now let's move on to NBCUniversal's results. On slide seven, you can see NBCUniversal delivered solid results in the first quarter, as revenue increased 3.9% and operating cash flow increased 10%. Adjusting to include the acquisition of Universal Studios Japan in last year's results, pro forma revenue was relatively flat, and operating cash flow increased 1.8%, more than offsetting the difficult comparison to a profitable Super Bowl and our strong Film results last year. This quarter's growth was driven by strong TV results, fueled by higher retransmission and affiliate revenues and the underlying strength of the advertising market. Cable Networks revenue increased 4%, and operating cash flow increased 6.4% to $956 million, reflecting higher distribution revenue, strong ad revenue, given the best advertising market we've seen in some time, and a modest increase in programming and production costs. Distribution revenue increased 5.9%, driven by contractual rate increases and contract renewals, partially offset by a slight decline in subscribers at our cable networks. Advertising revenue was flat compared to the first quarter of 2015, which included a benefit from a reduction in deferred advertising revenue. If we exclude this benefit, advertising growth would've been about 4%, driven by strong pricing, partially offset by audience rating declines at our cable networks. At Broadcast Television, while revenue declined 7.3%, we delivered outstanding operating cash flow growth of 56.5%, even with the profitable Super Bowl included in last year's results. This growth was driven by a few factors. First, the underlying strength of the advertising market. Excluding the Super Bowl, advertising revenue increased 9.6%, reflecting strong scatter pricing as well as one additional NFL game compared to last year's first quarter. Excluding the extra NFL game, advertising growth was still up high single-digits. Second, strong retransmission revenue growth was driven by recent step-ups. And last, programming and production costs were lower compared to last year, which included not only the Super Bowl but also more expensive prime time programming due to series finales. Film revenue declined 4.3% and operating cash flow declined 43.1% to $167 million, reflecting the difficult comparison to last year's strong film performance. Most notably, theatrical revenue declined 36.4% compared to last year's first quarter, which included the very successful Fifty Shades of Grey. In addition, home entertainment revenue declined 24.4% due to the strong performance of several releases last year, including Lucy. Partially offsetting this lower revenue was higher content licensing revenue and strong consumer products growth due to the Minions and Jurassic franchises. Theme Parks revenue increased 57.5% to $1 billion and operating cash flow increased 53.6% to $375 million in the first quarter of 2016. On a pro forma basis, revenue increased 9.6% and operating cash flow increased 3.3%. These results reflect the timing of spring break this year, stable guest attendance and higher per capita spending, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses, including pre-opening costs to support Harry Potter in Hollywood and The Flying Dinosaur in Japan. Now let's move to slide eight to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. Consolidated capital expenditures increased 9.2%, to $1.9 billion in the first quarter. At Cable Communications, capital expenditures increased 9%, to $1.6 billion for the quarter, equal to 12.9% of Cable revenue versus 12.6% in the first quarter of 2015. The increase reflects a higher level of investment and scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity, and an increased investment in line extensions as well as higher spending on customer premise equipment related to the deployment of the X1 platform and wireless gateways. Also included in each of these growth rates is the continued expansion of business services. In 2016, we will continue to invest into (18:29) these areas, as they are driving positive results in our business. For the full year, we continue to expect capital intensity to remain flat 2015, at approximately 15%. At NBCUniversal, first quarter capital expenditures increased 10% to $295 million, driven by the inclusion of Universal Studios Japan. We continue to expect NBCUniversal's CapEx to increase approximately 10% this year. We'll now finish up on slide nine. As I mentioned earlier, consolidated free cash flow declined 11.9% to $2.8 billion in the first quarter, reflecting growth in consolidated operating cash flow, offset by increased working capital as well as higher capital expenditures and cash paid for capitalized software and other intangible assets. We are successfully executing our plans for returning capital to shareholders, including dividend payments during the quarter totaling $611 million, up 6.9%, and share repurchases of $1.25 billion in the quarter, which are tracking to our $5 billion annual target. We ended the quarter right at 2 times net leverage, in line with our stated target. That concludes our summary of the quarter. I hope that everyone now has a good sense for how pleased we are with our results as well as our momentum. Now I'll turn it back to Jason to lead the Q&A.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Mike. Regina, let's open up the call for Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Neil, the customer metrics obviously speak for themselves. I'm just wondering if you could spend a minute talking about the kind of churn versus connect dynamic and how much of an opportunity is there to continue to bring churn down. For example, if X1 goes from 30-odd percent to 60%, is that going to continue to drive churn lower? And is there anything you're thinking about to drive connects up as you think about segmenting the market, and if (20:49) guys aren't doing today? And then Mike, on the non-programming cost growth, which you called out at 7%, is that the kind of investment you need to sustain this top line or should investors think that there should be some leverage in that broad cost bucket over time? Thank you.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Hi, Ben. I'll speak to connects and churn. Connects have been strong. I didn't want to say this, that the churn is the only driver there. We've had strong connects and they're driven by good segmentation of the market. We're segmenting different customer bases. We're rolling out great products, X1, 35% of the customer base now as well as voice remote. I mean, we've got 160 million commands on the voice remote part (21:33). So we're seeing great usage there. The customer experience we spent a lot of time on and I think that's helping churn. X1 is helping churn. And I think also, we've developed new sales channels like Amazon we announced earlier this quarter, though I think it's a combination of driving connects and reducing churn. The churns went down for 26 consecutive months, as Brian mentioned, and I see that trend continuing. I think that we're doing the right things in the customer experience, we're doing the right things on the product side, and we're doing the right things in the channel development side. So I see good trends continuing.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: And I'll just follow on that. I mean we're  on the investment and expense, and we're just playing offense and following the growth and progress that we're making. It's all success-based, so we'll keep doing what we're doing behind customer service, product, technology, and you've seen that on the non-programming side, but we'll get leverage over time as the customer service experience settles down, but we're not giving guidance today, Ben.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you both.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. Good morning. Brian, a question for you. I know you can't talk about M&A specifically, but maybe more broadly, it's now been about seven years since  or getting on to be seven years since you first stepped in for NBCU. I wonder if you could just reflect on how you see the relative values of content and distribution, and how you see the relative negotiating leverage of content distribution as we see more of these kind of programming disputes like the one that DISH just had with Viacom?
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, it's been five years since we closed NBC Universal and it's been a wonderful experience in all regards, and exceeded our expectations in almost every business. And we've talked a lot about that. I also think that putting the two together, we feel we're better together. I said that in the upfront remarks and almost every senior executive of the company sees a benefit from some other part of the company in their part of the company. And that is part of Symphony. When I think about the Olympics  I just touched on briefly in my opening remarks  you will see XFINITY's coverage of the Olympics will be unlike any television on the X1 experience that's ever been presented to a consumer for a live sporting event. And NBC coverage itself will be unprecedented if you just go back a few years to see how much this landscape has changed. And the companies that are leaning in toward that and are well-positioned, I can't think of a better company than ourselves. As to the relative value, these things evolve and go up and down, and the relationship between the two in terms of carriage disputes and other things, they're both great businesses. And that was our fundamental premise all along. I think I first learned that being on Ted Turner's board when Comcast was purely a cable company. It's a worldwide business, it grows all (25:00) in different ways, but they're in the same sort of system where together, the value tends to head in the same direction. And at any one time, one part of the ecosystem can be doing better than another part of the ecosystem, but in the end, we're bringing great experiences to consumers. You need their content, you need innovative distribution technologies, and that's how we're running our company. And I hope that's responsive to your question. Thanks for asking.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: If you had your druthers, would you rather have more of one than the other? I mean, you tried to buy some more distribution and now, at least, there's some speculation you're interested in more content. Is there one that you find more attractive at the moment?
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm not going to comment on that regard, and if you have more than one kid, you love them equally, and I don't know any other way to put it than they're both great businesses, and everything is specific to the situation. But we have very rigorous returns, our track record, it comes down to operating excellence. And just looking at Neil and Steve and their teams behind them, and I think that's what is the story today with these results. Both parts of the company remain at an exceptional level, in my opinion.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Well said. Thanks, Brian.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Craig. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Maybe a regulatory question for Brian. The FCC seems determined to fold cable underneath the special  or what they're now calling the business data services regime, and we should get some more color on that on Thursday. Just, what's your thoughts on that? And then, maybe somewhat related questions, Verizon's been making a lot of comments about eventual 5G rollout, any sort of early thoughts on the competitive environment, or how that's likely to evolve as 5G technology develops? Thanks.
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let me let Neil start with the special access (27:06). Go ahead, Neil.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah, well, the Chairman recently claimed that there was limited competition in the business data services area and it needed more regulation. I can say that we compete every day for that business, and it seems kind of counterintuitive that the FCC would want to impose regulations on a new entrant such as us, who's bringing more competition to the business. I think we haven't seen the proposed rulemaking yet, so it's probably premature to comment any further on it, though.
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Your second question was?
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: It was on 5G. As you guys have probably heard, Verizon is talking a lot about rolling it out, really starting in 2018, as a sort of fixed wireless replacement for cable plan. I mean obviously, it's a little bit down the road, but just any sort of early thoughts on 5G and fixed wireless as a potential competitor to cable?
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Let me speak to that. 5G is an exciting new platform, and it's still in the very early days. We think that the propagation distance is fairly short, about 300 foot radius. The antennas are going to need space and power and backhaul, and it has  the spectrum doesn't really pass through objects like trees and buildings very well. But we think we're very well-positioned, because we have space and power and backhaul, as well as a field force to be able to install all the antennas and maintain the services and provide the backhaul that would be required. So we're going to continue to monitor, it's still a way  early in the game, and we feel well-positioned.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, John. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks. First, a follow-up. Churn is improving nicely. You said it's been really sustained. Is there a case to be made to ease off on marketing to offset the cost growth in other parts of the business if this continues, and to support margin a little bit? And then second, on the opening up of the China market for film next year, how are you working toward that? Is that a real opportunity on the Universal side? Thanks.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Concerning the churn side, we've gotten very detailed. We have a data department that Ed Purcell (29:28) runs that's very detailed in how it segments the customer audience, and which segments we're going after. And we're very specific about that, and go after the high value, long CLB (29:44) customers. So I think where we see the opportunity, we're going to spend the marketing dollars, and we'll continue to provide great service and manage the churn as appropriate. I think the churn is an accumulation of a lot of different things we're doing in the business: customer experience, better product and just overall better service.
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: One of the things I just want to add, that I think that Neil and Dave Watson and the team have calibrated, not just subscriber results, but also revenue and cash flow, and there's a balance that is pretty different than I think I've seen anybody else quite have, over a sustainable number of quarters. And so the investment we're making in service, investment in innovation and marketing, it's all working, but it's not at the expense of one or the other. And as you drive us forward, I think Neil, you'll be making judgments every day on that balance. But that's what I personally find appealing in some of the results, is that we're not just going on one side or the other.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: (30:54) Dave Watson and Cathy Avgiris and the field teams have done a great job just driving the business on a consistent basis.
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President, Comcast Corp.: So China, it's amazing how far we've come in the last few years. We had no employees in China several years ago. We now have a very good team, a movie team, a consumer products team, and we spent a lot of time, and have discussed on previous calls, trying to get going on building a theme park in Beijing. And that's going according to plan. So, China represents a big, big opportunity for the company. It already is a significant profit generator. Fast & Furious, for example, we did over $400 million in China. But as that market grows, I think it's very important that we be there, and I think we're doing all the things that you would expect us to do, and have a lot of big movies coming out in China in the next year, and want to make sure that we're doing everything we can to grow that market as aggressively as possible.
Philip A. Cusick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, guys.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Phil. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I have one for Steve and one's for Neil. Steve, on the upfront, I'd love to get your view of how this will turn out. You're coming to the market with a unified approach, which seems really logical but it's obviously never been done before. And within that context, so I'm wondering what the advertiser response has been so far. And within the context of the upfront, can you talk a little bit about Telemundo, which doesn't get that much attention, but you're a solid 40% share of the market at this point? And then for Neil, you've talked a lot about the drivers of video subs, which is phenomenal. I'm just wondering if you could drill down a little bit on what you're doing in customer service that's different this year versus last and what your plans are for next year. For example, like the Uber- (32:54) like app available across the footprint. Thank you.
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President, Comcast Corp.: So regarding the upfront, let me talk a little bit about the market. A year ago, a lot of advertisers pulled back and didn't spend as much in the upfront. I think part of the thinking was we can always spend later and there's plenty of places to spend our money on digital. I think the emotion of the market has swung pretty dramatically over the last year. I think people have come to the realization that broad television reach is really important in a campaign that digital has a place but television has a big place. And a lot of people, I think, who did not come into the upfront market last year paid significantly more in what has been one of the strongest scatter markets I've ever seen. So in terms of market dynamics, we're going into the upfront season, I think, with a lot of wind at our back, and my prediction is that it's going to be a strong upfront. We think we're in the pole position for that strong upfront. We represent about 20% of the eyeballs in television, if you add up broadcast and cable. NBC is on its way to its third annual 18 to 49 victory. We're doing very well in sports and news at NBC. And then our cable channels are strong. I'm glad you pointed out Telemundo. Telemundo used to be a weak second. We're beating Univision most nights at 10:00 and have closed the gap with Univision. And I think in a number of our channels, we're still underpriced relative to people that we're beating or close to or at least competitive to. So I think we're going into the upfront in a very strong position. And as you said, we sell all of our channels and all of our digital properties together under the unified direction of Linda Yaccarino our head of ad sales, which is an advantage for advertisers, but also, given our position, we tend to talk to people first, and that's exactly where we want to be. So I think we're going into this upfront with a better upfront, a better more unified approach, and more strength than we've ever had, and we'll see how it all plays out.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Jessica, concerning customer experience, we're focusing on a few things. One is making the experience all digital, so the customer, if they don't want to call an agent, doesn't have to. They can do everything they need to do, from a customer service perspective, online or digitally. We're working very closely on the first 90 days on the onboarding experience, making sure that's a perfect experience, that's a higher churn environment. We're focusing on reliability of the products and the network, making sure they're always up. We said at Intex (35:40) a year ago, we have the best product in the market, and I think we're delivering that now. We had the lowest days and call-in (35:49) rate in years. We took out 11 million calls. We had the highest first contact resolution rate in years as well. So we're seeing the results but it's focused across a number of fronts. And the team  Charlie Herrin and the team have done a great job getting organized around the five key journeys, and we're delivering  we're changing the way we look at the business through the customer lens, and it's really changed the way we go about doing things.
Unknown Speaker: Yeah.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Jessica. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I just had a question for Mr. Burke. For years, the Street always was unwilling to put a multiple on the studio division, given its driven (36:42) nature. That seems to be changing a little bit as the failure rate of the franchise film falls If you look to (36:46) monetize those franchises across divisions they're increasing (36:50). Would you say that's an explicit strategy of your studio to focus on franchise films?
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President, Comcast Corp.: Oh, absolutely. Five years ago, we had one franchise, Fast and Furious. Today, we have eight franchises, and we're hard at work trying to build more. And we spend a lot of time trying to figure out where films are in the arc of the franchise. The franchise eventually declines and leaves and we're doing everything we can to make sure that the franchises that we have are strong as possible. We did  our Film group five-year plan review was just yesterday and we spent half the time talking about how to take care of franchises, make sure that they stay fresh, create new ones, make sure that they're fully monetized in consumer products and around the world. So it's a key, key part of our company and again, we've made tremendous progress in the last five years being in the position we are now where we can look forward to these franchises continuing to come back and succeed for many years to come.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you very much.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Jay. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for taking the question. I would be interested in hearing you comment on the future of the set-top box. If we look at what you're doing, on the one hand, you're making a big commitment to it through the X1 deployment, but you're also out there with your partner program and your recent announcement with Roku and Samsung. And so maybe just getting a view for how you think the marketplace is going to evolve. And then were you surprised at all by the FCC's reaction to the announcement that you had with Roku? It would seem that it would align with their set-top box reforms and yet they came out somewhat harshly against it.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Well, we think the X1 platform is the best there is in the market right now and we're seeing great results from it. Churn is down, VOD is up, more DVRs, more additional outlets, so it's hitting on all cylinders. We also want to make our content available to as many customers or potential customers as possible, and we want have the best content available. So we think the way to approach it is instead of coming up with new hardware that will probably be outdated in a short period, the apps-based approach was the right approach. And the deals that you referred to with Roku and Samsung are HTML5-based apps that provides the full suite of services. So set-top boxes will continue to be part of our ecosystem and as will apps. Brian?
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And will the... (39:38)
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead. What were you going to say?
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: I was just going to ask your comments on the FCC's set-top box proposed reforms and their reaction to the partner program.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah, I thought their reaction was unnecessary. I think that we are working hard with our partners. We've had over 40 companies call us to sign up for the partner program since then, and so there's great interest in the ecosystem to get access to our XFINITY app, and so I thought it was uncalled for.
Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks for taking the question.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Brett. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I have one for Mike and one for Neil. Mike, I think as a follow-up from an earlier question, from Ben's question, but can you talk any more specifically about the drivers of the 9.4% growth in programming expense in the quarter? I realize you had renewals on the content side, you're adding more content rights as you described in your remarks, but I think investors continue to wonder if this sort of 9% to 10% programming expense growth rate that we're seeing continues into 2017, or if it moderates as you get beyond some of the onetime renewals  some of those onetime step-ups with your partners? And then for Neil, it looks like on the high-speed data side that ARPU decelerated a touch in the quarter. I know you didn't have modem fee increases, but I think pricing power on broadband is something investors assume that's an arrow that you have in your quiver. So, just wondering if you could update us on how you think about broadband pricing this year and in the longer term? And if you have anything to say about what the FCC said about Charter not being able to impose caps on data usage. Any thoughts there would be appreciated. Thanks, both.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Anthony, it's Mike. On program expense, what we're seeing thus far and for this year is consistent with what we had said at the beginning of the year, which is about 10% increase in programming expenses. And you hit the reasons; we have big  certain renewals happening now and over the course of this year. As far as going beyond this year, long term, you look back over time and long-term trends have been in the high single-digits, so we're running a little higher than  in the near term than that. But that is, again, due to just having some of our big contracts coming back up for renewal.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: And concerning HSD, I mean, we're very pleased with the 7.6% growth and the 438,000 subs. We feel good about the business. It goes back to that balance that Brian referred to. We've increased speeds 16 times (42:33) in the last 14 years. We're rolling out DOCSIS 3.1. We have tens of millions of Wi-Fi hotspots and so we continue to add value to the business. I think there's pricing opportunity going forward as we continue to add value. Concerning the Charter caps, I'd prefer not to comment on that. That's still pending.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Anthony. Question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good morning. I have one for Mike and one for Steve. Mike, I wanted to ask about cash paid for intangible assets. These investments have been growing at a pretty good rate over the past couple of years, particularly in recent quarters. Can you talk about what's been driving the growth and how we should think about those investments going forward? And then, Steve, I was just wondering if you could comment on where the DISH carriage negotiations stand, and do you feel that you're making any progress at this point? Thank you.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Okay. So, I'll just comment and if Neil wants to pile in, he can. But on the software intangible side, this is the other side of the offensive investments we're making in X1, cloud, cloud DVR, our home products, smart Internet. When we build software, we improve our backbone through some infrastructure investments, some of that rolls through software intangibles. So, it's the same story as what's going on in CapEx, and investing behind the growth we're seeing.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: I think we're in good shape with DISH. I think we have a meeting of the minds. We don't have a signed deal yet, but I think we will have one in the not-too-distant future.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Mike, if I could just follow up. I mean, as you get through the X1 rollout which is, on the CapEx side, is more hardware-driven, I think most of us would expect the capital intensity to decline. But on the software side, should we expect the same, because it seems like the business is becoming more software-driven? So, is that going to take on maybe a different trajectory as you get toward the end of the X1 deployment?
Michael J. Cavanagh - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: I'd say that continues to be on a trajectory. We are investing a lot in innovation, that's the point of what we've been doing on the product side, so that will continue. It's a small  obviously, a much smaller amount than the hardware side, but it has been on a higher growth rate and I'd expect it to, as long as we're seeing great results, continue to be biased towards innovating and getting great products out there.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Bryan. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike McCormack with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks. Neil, maybe a quick comment on AT&T's DIRECTV Now announcement rolling out later this year, sort of a true nationwide full-bundled offering, presumably  if and when they get the rights, whether or not that changes your thought on the competitive landscape? And I guess, for Comcast specifically, could you do the same thing? Are there Title VI or LFA requirements that would prevent you from doing so? And then I guess, for Mike, Cable OCF margins, can we just get a sense for how you think about the pacing throughout the year on quarters?
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah, so on the AT&T announced product, there's no reason we couldn't do something very similar from a technology perspective or a rights perspective. We just have to go get the rights and deploy the product. We thus far haven't seen an OTT model that really hunts, (46:18) but we'll continue to stay tuned in to the market and be prepared to respond accordingly.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: And on Cable margins, it's quarter-by quarter; seasonality will drive things a little bit. I mentioned last year's second quarter, we had the Pacquiao fight in what is usually a seasonally weaker quarter. But full year is, as we said, last year was 40.6% Cable margins and, as we said at the beginning of the year, it'd be flat to down 50 basis points, and that continues to be what we see.
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks. Mike. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Hi. Thanks. Two questions, please. Steve, just want to get some color on the Cable net underlying subscriber trends. Obviously, we have some sense on what cord cutting is, but on the cord-shaving side, any color? I mean, we've been thinking it's about a 2% decline on the base, but is that changing? Any color there would be great. And then for Neil, I understand there's a big cost element on the operating cost side for set-top box-related costs, structurals, (47:33) customer care. So, in a longer-term environment where set-top box possibly goes away, if that's the case, how much cost can go out from that line? That would be great to understand. Thanks.
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President, Comcast Corp.: So, in terms of cord cutting, cord shaving, we don't see much change at all. The numbers you  the 2% you talked about is not far off from what we're seeing, and some of it is shaving and some of it is cutting. And the interesting thing about the Cable Network business is the overall resiliency. If you look at the affiliate stream and the advertising stream and the desire for advertisers to buy broadly-distributed, highly-rated cable channels being stronger than ever. So, as a business, it's not going to grow  we've said before and we'll say again, it's not going to grow the way it did 10 years ago. But it's still a good business for us, and we don't see any major change, in terms of what's going on with sub trends.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Concerning set-top boxes (48:32) as we put more up in the cloud and go to IP video, we think the cost of the set-top boxes and the overall hardware in the house will come down. We still believe there's a need for hardware in the house, at least at the gateway level, and we've got IP video in the labs now and we'll continue to look at the right balance to get the best content and all the content to our customers while managing the CapEx cost. But in terms of CapEx, CPE is in the 40% to 50% range of our CapEx spend, so that would be the amount overall that would be under development.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Vijay. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Two quick questions. First, in terms of Cable, Charter is being asked to overbuild 1 million broadband subs and, looking at how big of an issue this might be, since this is the first time cable operators will actually compete against each other. I know it's early, but do you have any thoughts about this that you can share with us? And then secondly, for Steve, within NBCUniversal, and I guess just in general, we keep seeing declines in Cable subs but not Broadcast. Can you talk about what's driving the difference?
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: This is Neil. I'll comment on the Charter overbuild. I think it's early to comment on it, since we haven't seen the details. But generally speaking, Comcast is in urban markets and these urban markets have been overbuilt by one or another telco. And so, we're in a very competitive environment as it is, and we think we're well-positioned.
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President, Comcast Corp.: So, the Broadcast business is a real positive, I think, in the overall NBCUniversal story, if you look at where the company was five years ago and where it is today. The most highly-rated channels, I think, are going to be staying in the most bundles and are going to be watched by the most people, continue to be watched by the most people, and I put NBC obviously right at the top of that list. Retransmission consent has been a tremendous benefit to our Broadcast business, both the retransmission we get from our own stations and the share we get from our affiliates. If you add those two numbers together, that was a number around zero five years ago and it's a number around $800 million today, something like that. And also on the advertising side, I think, particularly the live events, you've got Olympics coming up for 17 days, our ratings will be higher than all  if you add the other three broadcasters together, we will be a multiple of anyone else's ratings for 17 days. Imagine how valuable that is to someone who's trying to build a brand or introduce a new car or do something major in terms of changing the opinion of people in America. So, it's interesting. I would not have predicted this 10 or 20 years ago but it feels like Broadcast is getting stronger and stronger in this period. We have to keep putting good shows on and it's tougher and tougher in a fragmented world to get a rating. But when you do, you do get  you get rewarded for it significantly.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Marci. Regina, we'll take one last question.
Operator: Your last question will come from the line of Frank Louthan with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Frank Garreth Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you. Can you comment a little bit more on the Amazon channel partnership and how important you feel that channel partners like Amazon and others will be to the products that you have going forward?
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's in the early stages of the partnership, but it's worked very well. They've been a great partner in helping us understand how to better sell contextually. In other words, if you buy a laptop, do you want an HSD service? If you buy a television, do you want a video service? So, the contextual sales aspect they've been very helpful in working with us. Concerning  we've developed a number of other channels. Our stores are doing very well. XFINITY On Campus is doing very well. So, we continue to  every year, we seek to develop new channels and Amazon, we see great promise in.
Frank Garreth Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you. Yeah. Thanks a lot, Frank. We'll wrap the call up there. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. Regina, back to you.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time. It will run through Wednesday, May 4, at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 68923741. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 p.m. today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Michael J. Cavanagh - Chief Financial Officer & Senior EVP Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Brett Joseph Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co. Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President Investor Relations, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Operator, and welcome everyone. Joining me on this morning's call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke and Neil Smit. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to slide number two which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jason and good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. 2015 was a terrific year for Comcast NBCUniversal, and I couldn't be more pleased with the strong operational performance and financial results that we delivered both for the fourth quarter and for the full year. Honestly, 2015 was not without its challenges. But instead of letting those challenges become real distractions, our company pivoted and executed extremely well, particularly in the second half of the year. I'm so proud of our resilience and leadership team for creating the momentum that is now driving us forward in 2016. Neil Smit and Dave Watson and everyone at Comcast Cable is heroic in my mind, for not only staying focused, but generating the best yearly video subscriber results that we've had in nine years and the best broadband subscriber results that we've had in eight years. We ended on a high note as our fourth quarter video net additions were our strongest quarterly results since the first quarter of 2007. At the same time, we expertly balanced these great customer metrics with solid financial performance. At NBCUniversal, Steve and his team exceeded expectations once again. We set new box office records, achieved number one ratings in Broadcast from morning to primetime, to late-night. Continued the outstanding progress in our Theme Parks and sustained healthy profits at Cable Networks. Altogether, Comcast NBCUniversal made incredible strategic operational and financial progress in 2015 and did this through a collaborative culture where our businesses are focused on strengthening themselves and each other. Overall, we grew revenue 8.3% in 2015 and operating cash flow by 7.7%. We generated close to $9 billion in free cash flow and increased cash return to shareholders by over 40%. After reviewing our performance and outlook with our board, we are announcing today our decision to raise our dividend by 10% marking the eighth consecutive annual increase. We've also increased our stock repurchase authorization to $10 billion and we expect to repurchase $5 billion of stock in 2016. Comcast NBCUniversal is indeed a special company. This is a time of exciting change in media and technology, and we are uniquely positioned. We have a diversified portfolio of businesses working well together and the best suite of products, content and experiences that we've ever had. So with that, let me talk about some of our specific achievements in 2015 and a few of the things that we're looking forward to in 2016 and beyond. Starting with NBCUniversal, we've now fully doubled the operating cash flow since we announced the acquisition in 2009. In our TV business, we maintained our number one ranking in broadcast primetime and saw continued success in The Voice and Blacklist, paired nicely with some new breakout hits, including Blindspot. In addition, we build on the strength of our Chicago franchise with our new show, Chicago Med. Sunday Night Football remained TV's number one primetime show for the fifth year, grew viewership by 6% and completed the highest-rated season in its history. And as I mentioned, we exit 2015 with strength across all parts of the day with the Today Show, Nightly News and Late Night all number one in their respective categories. NBC Sports Network had its most-watched year ever driven by NASCAR's debut and the continued growth of English Premier League and NHL. USA's Mr. Robot just won the Global Globe and the Critic's Choice Award for the best drama on television, a terrific accomplishment. Congratulations to Bonnie Hammer and her team. Film had the best year in its history. Jurassic World, Furious 7, Minions and Fifty Shades of Grey, along with other titles, were hugely successful. With $6 billion in worldwide box office receipts, two-thirds of which was international, and a strong and growing list of franchises, Universal Pictures is in a great position for ongoing success. And finally, Theme Parks had another outstanding year. We again grew revenues and operating cash flow double digits through our proven formula of new attractions complemented by additional hotel room capacity. From Harry Potter, to Transformers and Fast & Furious, our team at Universal Parks and Resorts has been on a fantastic run and there's plenty of growth on the horizon with our recent acquisition of a 51% stake in the park in Osaka, Japan, a new Harry Potter attraction opening in Hollywood, a new water park being built in Orlando, a brand new park being designed for Beijing and our focus on increasing hotel room capacity. At Cable, I feel we stand out in the industry, delivering a healthy balance between solid improvements in subscriber metrics, coupled with very strong financial performance. In 2015, we added 666,000 customer relationship and that's a 86% improvement versus last year. And at the same time we increased revenue per customer relationship a healthy 4.2% and grew operating cash flow 5.6%. In 2015, we made improving customer service our main focus. I'm really pleased that as we sit here today, we are seeing great progress. In fact, we achieved significant improvements across the key metrics we use to track customer satisfaction, with some of our best customer metrics in years. We are going after each of the areas that have the most impact on the customers' experience. In 2015, we also continued to take our new products to scale. Our voice remote is the latest example, with 4 million activated since our launch just eight months ago. The result of these investments are showing up in our subscriber trends where we're seeing notable improvements, particularly in reduced churn across all product categories. Business Services, under Bill Stemper, has now exceeded a $5 billion revenue run rate while maintaining a growth of 20%, which is remarkable. We recently launched into the enterprise segment and have some good early traction in this market to go along with the robust share gains in small and medium-size businesses. Overall, our progress during 2015 sets up incredibly well to be successful in 2016 and beyond. In cable, we are aligned around a few critical top priorities. The first is to continue our progress in transforming the customer experience, and as we've seen, our customers are responding to our efforts in a resounding way and we will keep pushing hard. Second, we will focus on driving share growth through even better products, faster speeds and additional customer segmentation. Finally, technology leadership will remain at the forefront as we enhance X1 and drive it deeper into our customer base, roll out DOCSIS 3.1 to deliver gigabit speeds at scale and to continue to develop solutions for more targeted advertising. At NBCUniversal, we feel great about our position and the range of opportunities ahead of us. We are proud to bring the 2016 Olympics in Rio to the American people, delivering the most comprehensive and technologically advanced Olympics in history. We are also excited to open a new Harry Potter attraction in Hollywood, add The Secret Life of Pets to Illumination's growing list of animated films, and this week's exciting announcement that NBC will now be the home to five Thursday Night NFL games. We continue to be entrepreneurial and look for ways to invest and grow. Like our investments in Vox and BuzzFeed, and our partnership with the Tower's (10:00) Michael Angelakis new venture, which recently launched with a talented team who are scouring the globe for smart investments. So on a final note, I am excited about all the opportunities that lie ahead, and believe we will approach them with the same level of operational excellence and financial discipline that has served us so well for more than five decades. Mike, over to you.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Chief Financial Officer & Senior EVP: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everybody. Since Brian covered the terrific full year results, let's go straight to the fourth quarter on slide five. Adjusted revenue for the fourth quarter increased 7.6% and operating cash flow increased 4%. As a reminder, the adjustments this quarter primarily reflect the exclusion of the partial quarter results of our acquisition of Universal Studios Japan. The overall growth in operating cash flow was primarily driven by high-speed data, video and business services at Cable, and film and parks at NBCUniversal, which we'll go into in greater detail on the slides to come. Adjusted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.81, a 5.2% increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. And free cash flow during the quarter decreased 6.3% to $1.6 billion, and free cash flow per share of $0.64 declined 1.5%, reflecting growth in operating cash flow and lower cash taxes, offset by higher capital expenditures and increased working capital. For the full year, we generated $8.9 billion of free cash flow, a 9.4% increase over last year's results, and free cash flow per share of $3.55, a 13.8% increase. Now let's review the results of our businesses in more detail, starting with Cable Communications on slide six. Cable Communications delivered a solid fourth quarter. Revenues increased 5.9% to $12 billion, as we added 281,000 customer relationships, a 58% improvement compared to last year's fourth quarter ,driven by growth in our two product and three product customers, and reduction in churn across all products, with video and high-speed data each improving churn for 23 consecutive months. Total revenue per customer relationship reached $145 per month, a 3.5% increase that reflects the successful execution of our strategy that is focused on retaining customers, growing customer relationships, and driving our value-added bundling strategy. Taking a closer look at our video business, fourth quarter revenue increased 4.4%, reflecting rate adjustments and higher take rates of advanced services. We ended the year with very strong video customer growth, adding 89,000 customers in the fourth quarter. This is our best quarterly result in eight years, driven primarily by another quarter of improved churn. Our churn results reflect improved customer support, better market segmentation, and customer recognition of what we believe is the best video product on the market. We continue to make great progress rolling out X1 to new and existing customers, adding 1.1 million customers in the quarter, a 73% increase compared to last year. X1 customers now represent about 30% of our total video customer base. In addition, we continue to expand our TV Everywhere and on demand choices. We now have 75,000 shows on demand, 700 full season stacked series, which is up 50% from a year ago, and 98 live streaming channels available outside the home. Lastly, we are doing a better job segmenting the market, providing offers with more choice and appeal to new audiences that address multiple segments of the market. For example, we have increased our penetration of Hispanic households with targeted bicultural products and offers. The strong momentum in our high-speed data business continued. Revenue increased 9.8% during the quarter, making it again the leading contributor to overall cable revenue growth, driven by an impressive increase in our customer base, as well as rate adjustments and an increasing number of customers taking higher-speed services. We added 460,000 data customers during the quarter, and 1.4 million during the full year, with 77% of our customers receiving speeds of 50 megabits per second or greater. We have now added over 1 million high-speed data customers for 10 years in a row, and we see significant room for growth ahead. About 74% of our residential high-speed data customers now have one of our wireless gateways, which are also fueling our impressive growth in Wi-Fi hot spots, that now number more than 13 million. Voice revenues declined by 1.7% in the fourth quarter, as customer additions were offset by a modest decline in ARPU. In the fourth quarter, we increased net customer additions by 139,000, a 13% increase versus a year ago. Business Services was once again a large contributor of cable revenue growth, with revenue increasing 18.9% to $1.3 billion. We have three engines of growth in Business Services, each at a different stage of development. Small business, which is healthy market penetration and generates the majority of our revenue. Mid-size business, where our market penetration is still less than 10%, but is growing at a higher rate. And our recently announced enterprise division that targets Fortune 1000 companies and is gaining traction, with more than 20 large enterprise customers and multiple eight figure deals already signed. Business Services has strong positive momentum and continue to represent a large and attractive growth opportunity for the company. Finally, cable advertising revenue declined 9.3% due to lower political revenue. Excluding political, our core advertising revenue increased 2.8% during the fourth quarter. Turning to slide seven. Fourth quarter Cable Communications operating cash flow increased 4.6% to $4.9 billion resulting in a margin of 40.9% compared to 41.4% in the fourth-quarter of 2014 driven by higher expenses, primarily related to the investments we are making to improve the customer experience and higher programming costs. Fourth quarter programming expense growth slowed to 4.7% reflecting the timing of programming renewals, while the full year increased 7.1%. As I said at a recent conference, the rate of programming expense growth will increase in 2016. We expect approximately 10% growth in programming costs for the year driven by several contract renewals beginning in the first quarter, as well as increases in re-transition consent fees and higher sports programming costs. In negotiating programming deals we continue to value expanded content rights for our on-demand and TV Everywhere platforms. We are adding more content out-of-home rights, stacking rights and back seasons ensuring we have the most compelling and competitive video product on the market. Non-programming expenses increased 8.1% for the quarter and 6.4% for the year. This growth reflects increased spending to improve the customer experience as we've added technicians and service personnel, strengthened our dispatch teams and operations, and invested in training tools and technology. Metrics including on-time appointments, call pickup time and new customer on-boarding success rates are all trending in the right direction. Finally, our outlook for 2016 cable operating margin is that it will be flat to down 50 basis points compared to 40.8% in 2015. We expect programming and other expense growth will be offset through modest rate adjustments, growth in high-margin businesses, like high-speed data and Business Services and cost efficiency improvements resulting from our X1 and customer experience initiatives, as well as general cost control efforts. Now, let's move on to NBCUniversal's results. On Slide eight, you can see NBCUniversal delivered solid results in the fourth quarter as adjusted revenue increased 10.5% and operating cash flow increased 4.7%, driven by strong results at film and theme parks. Cable Networks' revenue increased 3.4% and operating cash flow declined 1.9% to $894 million. Distribution revenue increased 6.8% and was positively impacted by higher affiliate fees associated with NASCAR on our NBC Sports Network during the quarter. Advertising revenue declined a modest 0.3% as the positive contribution from NASCAR advertising and increased pricing from a strong scatter market were more than offset by ratings declines at some of our networks. The decline in operating cash flow reflects the inclusion of NASCAR rights fees in the quarter that weren't present in last year's fourth quarter. Broadcast revenue increased 7% and operating cash flow declined 5.6% to $217 million. Advertising revenue increased 7% driven by solid ratings in primetime and strong ratings growth at NFL, Sports and Telemundo, as well as a strong scatter market. This higher demand in the scatter market has continued into the first quarter. Content licensing increased 35%, primarily driven by Straight to SVOD (20:09) series produced by our studios, like Masters of None and Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, as well as an increase in production at our international studio. Last, retransmission revenue increased nearly 40% to $136 million, and totaled $535 million for the full year. We expect retransmission revenue to increase to $800 million in 2016. Total expenses increased 8% driven by the launch of mid-season shows. Film revenue increased 25.8% and operating cash flow increased 84.6% to $143 million. Home entertainment revenue increased 75% driven by the strong performances of Minions and Jurassic World, partially offset by a 37.5% decline in theatrical revenue and higher operating costs during the quarter. This was the most profitable year in Universal's history with full-year operating cash flow increasing 74% to $1.2 billion. While our 2016 slate is not as large and will be a difficult comparison to 2015, we are excited about our strategic slate of core franchises, sequels and animated films. Theme Parks adjusted revenue increased 15.5% and operating cash flow increased 12.3%. Both our Orlando and Hollywood parks delivered higher attendance and healthy per capita spending growth partially fueled by a record Halloween Horror Nights at both parks. Even more promising, despite having lapped the opening of Harry Potter -Diagon Alley two quarters ago, Orlando continued to deliver healthy growth. In 2016, we look forward to the opening of Harry Potter in Hollywood and delivering on our plans to integrate Universal Studios Japan into our already strong parks portfolio. Now, let's move to slide nine to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. Consolidated capital expenditures increased 18.6% to $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter, and 14.5% to $8.5 billion for the full year. At Cable Communications, capital expenditures increased 10.2% to $2.1 billion for the fourth quarter, and 14.3% to $7 billion for the year. This growth reflects higher spending on our customer premises equipment, including X1 and wireless gateways, increased investment in network infrastructure to increase network capacity, as well as the continued investment to expand Business Services. In 2016, we will continue to invest in each of these areas as they are driving positive results in our business. As a result, Cable CapEx, as a percent of Cable revenue, is expected to remain flat to 2015 at approximately 15%. At NBCUniversal fourth quarter CapEx increased 65.2% to $557 million, and full year increased 13.5% to $1.4 billion. The increased investment at Theme Parks was the primary driver of the quarterly and yearly increases, and in the fourth quarter we acquired land adjacent to one of our theme parks for $130 million. In 2016 NBCUniversal's capital investment plan is expected to increase approximately 10% reflecting the consolidation of Universal Studios Japan and continued investment in Theme Parks. The investments in our Theme Parks are clearly generating strong returns as they drive increased attendance and per capita spending. I'll now finish on slide 10 with capital returns. In 2015, we returned $9.2 billion to shareholders, it was composed of $2.4 billion in dividends and $6.75 billion in share repurchases. As you can see on the left side of the slide, Comcast has a great track record of consistently returning capital to shareholders. The compound annual growth rate on our dividend from 2009 to 2015 was 24.4% versus 10% for the S&P 500. Looking ahead, it is a high priority for us to continue this record of great total capital returns. This will be achieved by balancing three elements. First, the healthy annual return of capital to shareholders which for 2016 is an eighth consecutive annual increase in the dividend to $1.10 per share together with a plan to buy back $5 billion of stock over the course of the year. The second element to balance is investment in our business to profitably grow the long-term earnings capacity of the company. This includes a significant CapEx investment that I covered on the last slide. It also includes the deployment of capital to enhance our existing businesses through relatively modest business development efforts such as the Vox and BuzzFeed digital investments and the Japan park deal that we did in 2015. And lastly, it includes exploring continuous growth opportunities as we are doing in a variety of ways including through Michael Angelakis new fund. As we set our capital return plan for the year, we earmarked some capital for the whole basket of these types of situations, but we consider each situation on its own financial merits. And since I know it's on many of your minds, we will be filing to participate in the upcoming forward spectrum auction. But I want to be clear that the $5 billion in planned 2016 buybacks will not be reduced in the event that we acquire some spectrum in the auction. The third and final element of our balanced capital plan is the very important maintenance of a strong balance sheet to protect the company in times of economic and market stress, and position us to potentially capitalize on opportunities to create value in such times, such as we did with the NBCU transaction. As we began what has thus far been a very volatile 2016, we are well positioned with our leverage at around two times. With that, I'm done with the slides. I hope everyone has a good sense for how pleased we are with the fourth quarter and full year 2015 results as well as our momentum as we head into 2016. Now I will turn it back to Jason to lead the Q&A.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Mike. Brent, let's open up the call for questions please.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. Good morning, and thanks. So Mike, one quick clarification first, and then a question for Neil. Mike, you just said a moment ago that your share repurchases wouldn't be conditional on participation in the auction. If you participate in the auction but don't find the prices attractive enough, and end up not buying in the auction, would that suggest that you might actually increase your share repurchases? And then for Neil, you just announced yesterday your first markets for DOCSIS 3.1. I was wondering if you could give us any color on whether you plan to offer that as a standard product or as a premium product going forward, and if you've got anything that you can talk about with respect to how you might price it for consumers?
Michael J. Cavanagh - Chief Financial Officer & Senior EVP: Okay, hey Craig, thanks. It's Mike. So, you hit it right on the auction. We just said that we're going to take a paddle on the auction, which means we're going to evaluate, consider and may purchase, but only if we think the price is right after we do our evaluation of what's available. As far as what we do in the buyback, if we don't buy, we'll just wait to see how  that'll be deep in the year and we'll, if there's a change of view on what we think our capacity is, at that stage we'll come back and update you then.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Craig, this is Neil. Concerning DOCSIS 3.1, as you know, we announced five cities yesterday, and we haven't priced the rollout yet. But we  the great thing about DOCSIS 3.1, it's a very efficient way to deliver gigabit speeds, and we'll be rolling it out on a widespread basis over the course of the next few years.
Craig Eder Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. Thanks, Neil.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Craig. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Oh, thank you. I guess a couple things. First on the FCC initiative, the set-top box initiative, can you give us your views? I mean, given the importance of the set-top box, not just to rental fees, but also data analytics, how do you see this kind of progressing?
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Well, I think it's premature to comment on this, since a proposal has not even been seen yet. We believe that, generally speaking, in a dynamic environment that's rapidly changing, technology mandates just don't work very well. But we'll continue to look  we look forward to seeing the proposal, and we'll work with the Chairman and his office to come up with what's best for the customers and the consumers.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then on the video bundle, your great video numbers and broadband, but the video numbers tell a really different story than what we've seen in the market, post media meltdown, since August. Can you give us your view, from both sides of the company, on how you see the video bundle evolving over the next three years to five years?
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Well, we feel very good about the video numbers. They're the best in nine years, the best quarter in nine years. I think part of it's X1, which is a real game changer. 60% of our subs got X1, and the net new adds and new connects. We have a great TV Everywhere proposal, where 34% of our customers are using some form of TV Everywhere. And the viewing hours on dot-com and mobile combined are up about 20%, so they're watching more. I think we're segmenting the market better, getting the best customers, and getting them to stay longer. And we're improving the customer experience, we're developing new channel stores, MDUs, the on-campus product, we're segmenting better, so we feel good about the video numbers and the progress.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then I got...
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Well,...
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sorry.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: I think churn is the one thing that I would add to that. And all that adds up, with each of the products having a decrease in churn. I don't know, Steve, on the NBCUniversal side, we...
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President: I think if you have great channels with great products, like the Olympics or the NFL or Mr. Robot on USA, your channels are going to stay in the bundle, and it's going to continue to be a very good business for a very long time.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Can I just follow up on what NBC  the land acquisition? I mean, given the IRRs on theme parks, which are really impressive, can you talk about kind of the usage of the land, and timing?
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President: Well I think it's a little early for that. We just closed on the deal this quarter. We got 475 acres, so we have a lot of land to work with. And we have some ideas, but we don't have firm plans at this point.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: One of the great things about Universal theme parks, and we've seen this now in different geographies, there's a long lead time, a lot of smart planning, understanding what attractions work. But it all starts by having the ability to do that. And so this plan we think is really a wonderful, strategic acquisition and it's long term down the road, I think.
Jessica Jean Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Jessica. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. I have a question back on wireless, and then some maybe housekeeping for Mike. Brian, I don't know if you'd comment, but you're obviously planning to at least participate in the auction. You have a large Wi-Fi footprint out there, you have the MVNO. Can you talk a little bit about where your head is at on wireless broadly? Where is all this headed? Have you figured that out yet? Or is it still very much a dynamic situation? And Mike, I don't know if you'd help us as we think about that free cash flow number. You said $9 billion for 2015, and we think about that for 2016. I don't know if you want to help us on things like cash taxes, working cap, and maybe the intangibles which are numbers that factor in to how we think about next year or I guess this year? Thank you both.
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You know, I think you've put your finger on it. We have a lot of assets in the company, and Neil, feel free to join on this answer. But really, all we are doing today is saying, as Mike called it take a paddle at an auction to see if there's an opportunity for the company to be rewarded in that auction with something that we think has strategic value. And in the past, that has proved to be not only a moneymaker but given us more strategic flexibility, and we want to know if that's the case this time. Beyond that I don't think it's any more than that, and it's a free auction if you will to get a paddle and see what the values are, and how much capacity. It's a very complicated auction as you know, it's not clear exactly what's for sale, exactly yet, and all that has to be determined. But you have to make the decision now, and so we're making it.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: I would just add we are filing to retain the option to participate in the forward auction which we expect to occur sometime in the late spring or early summer. And we have, what we believe are very valuable assets in the mobile space. 28 million customer relationships, 13.3 million hotspots, Wi-Fi hotspots, and so they are assets that we want to leverage, and so we're testing and learning.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Michael J. Cavanagh - Chief Financial Officer & Senior EVP: On free cash flow, we covered a little bit the guidance we gave, or the outlook we gave for the momentum we've got in the businesses and CapEx which I hit (34:58). The other parts of free cash flow, we will see some headwinds as we usually do in a Olympics year. It's one of our best properties obviously, and we're going to make money on it, but on a cash basis we will advance funds to the Olympic Committee during the year, so it will be a year-over-year negative on the cash flow side to the tune of maybe $0.5 billion. And the intangible, the software, it follows suit with CapEx and cable.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Ben. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. A couple of quick questions on the video side, maybe for Neil. First of all, it looks like Neil you lost about 35,000 subs, a lot of improvement over last year, at the same time a lot of the drivers, it sound like we are just starting to see that these things come to fruition, there's a lot more run way to go. I mean, is it reasonable to assume that you're going to grow subs next year first of all. And then second of all, the improvement this quarter came with a nice step up in ARPU as well. So, I don't know, are you finding that given all the value you're adding to the bundle with all the stacking rights and TV Everywhere options, are you finding it easier to get price increases through as people are recognizing the value of the product and it continues to improve? Just trying to get a sense of how we should look at that going forward as well? Thanks.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Hi, John. I think I'd look at it through two lenses. One is we have, what we believe is the best product out there in X1, and that's helping to drive ARPU because you're getting more VOD views, 40% more VOD views, you're getting lower churn, you're getting more DVR, 50% more DVR usage, or subs, and you're getting digital outlets. So all that drives ARPU, that's positive. I think, the other things we're doing in the business and segmenting and driving channel performance and bundling effectively and targeting customers is improving the throughput of the subs. And then we're retaining them for longer, and a lot of that is better customer experience, better targeting, better subs and getting them the right package. We are segmenting with different offers for different customers. On Campus is an example, Internet Plus is an example. Stream is an example of products that we're targeting at a specific segment. So we're giving them the product they want at the right price, and we're retaining, we're servicing them well and retaining them longer.
John Christopher Hodulik - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, John. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Also for Neil. Any color you can give us where you are on your trajectory with some of the segmented skinny products, and how much runway do we have there? At least very broadly to your carriage minimums. And second on an IP only product, I know you have a low-end proposition in the market. Some of your peers have talked about rolling that out in the next phase. Is that something you think could be a good strategy going forward? Thanks.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Concerning skinny bundles, they are actually a small percentage of our overall video customer base. And we do feel we have room with the programmers and the penetration rates. In the fourth quarter, 75% of our video ads were the higher end packages. So I don't want to overstate the significance of skinny bundles. The stream product we just rolled out in a few markets in Boston and Chicago. It's probably too early to say what it will be, what it will turn into over time. But we feel good about the usage and good about the product. It's a good value proposition for the customer, and we'll continue to roll it out to other markets.
Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI: Great thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Vijay. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I have a question for Mr. Roberts. Given your past success in M&A, the lean balance sheet that you have, the more muted, maybe, buyback relative to your cash flow, a lot of investors in meetings that we're in put on the radar screen more transformative M&A in wireless and the Internet space, European cable. Do you think that's a misguided notion? Or is that something that investors should think about in terms of the realm of possibilities for the next year?
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thanks for the broad way you asked the question. And I will give you an answer that I think covers a lot of territory. It's always amazing to us sometimes, almost humorous, but none of this is ever humorous. What we read about ourselves in every possible M&A scenario that gets invented. And in many cases it's literally that, just invented. And we're always trying to remain focused on some core principles. First of all, really like the company we have right now. And I think we've said that consistently. And nothing has changed in that view. If anything, I think we feel better about our mix of assets NBCUniversal, doubling the cash flow in the five years since we bought it. I think we bought it right, but we've operated it even better. And so I sit there and look at those scenarios and many others that have been suggested and there's nothing we feel we have to do. At the same time, Mike Cavanagh and the team that he's building are always looking to see if there's ways we can grow shareholder value and look for new opportunities as the markets evolve. But sitting here today, our plan of record in 2016 is to execute on a business plan, stay focused, and I don't feel the need that we need to go and change the face of our company. I think we're in a wonderful, unique position at the cross-section of two industries, and we're leading the way in both.
Jason Boisvert Bazinet - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you very much.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Jason. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brett Joseph Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Earlier when Mike was talking about programming costs for 2016, he noted that one of the reasons why the rate of programming cost is going up is that you're getting more rights, and you talked about examples of that such as stacking. So two follow-up questions on that. The first is, does your expanded rights package in some of these new agreements allow you more flexibility to put together different channel programs? Meaning you're paying a bit more and maybe you could put together skinnier bundles on a broader basis as a result of that. And then in general, how close are you to getting the expanded rights across all of your programming agreements, with the concept of the question being once you get to the point where you feel comfortable with your stacking rights and your TV Everywhere rights and anything else across most of your agreements, is that a point at which the rate of programming costs growth might be a bit slower than what we're going to see this year? Thanks.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Well, most of the difference between Q4 and what we're projecting for 2015 is timing of when contracts renew or terminate. So, that's point one. We do feel that we get a wide set of rights, including stacking rights, as you mentioned; in and out of home rights, in some cases; digital rights. So we've increased our rights, and it does give us more flexibility in terms of how we package. Each contract is a little bit different. But as you can see from our different offerings, I mentioned Internet Plus, Stream, Watchable, we're innovating in the packaging area to get customers a package that's appropriate to them, and whether it 's streamed or delivered in a linear fashion, we are getting increasing rights and more flexibility. And we work together with the programmers to define the best value.
Brett Joseph Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then just with regards to the second part, do you feel like you've done a lot of that work, or do you think it's something that's going to be ongoing for a period of time?
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: I think, it's going to be ongoing. The think the video marketplace is very dynamic now, there's a lot of competition, and I think the programmers recognize this, and as do the distributors and we work together to  we trial things all the time and we're working in both the programming packaging space as well as advanced advertising space to deliver more value via more targeted advertising. So it's an ongoing conversation.
Brett Joseph Feldman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Brett. Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two for Steve. Steve, can you just share with us please the strategic thinking on licensing the five Thursday Night Football games, and how that NFL contract will work its way into the NBCU financials this year? And then secondly, the distribution revenue growth at the Cable Networks was 6.8% in the quarter. Just wondering if you could give us kind of breakdown of that number in terms of what was the affiliate rate increase per sub, and then what's the subscriber volume underneath that number? And is that a sustainable type of growth rate going forward into 2016? Thank you.
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President: Let me answer the second question first. We had a slight decline in the number of subscribers that was overmatched by a series of rate increases. It's going to be lumpy quarter-by-quarter and year-by-year on the affiliate side. But, and this is probably on the low end of what you can see the future, but it will be lumpy. On the NFL, the number one show on television is Sunday Night Football, and is a very, very important part of our business. Football is profitable for us now, and it will be profitable for us after the Thursday Night deal. And the ability to have these 24 football games, which will be 24 of the highest rated nights of the year is very, very valuable for a marketer that wants to reach a broad audience. In fact getting more valuable all the time as the world continues to fragment. So we're very happy that we were selected the  NFL has put their faith in our team and our broadcast, and we're delighted about it. It's really the best programming, most powerful programming on television and we got it at a very fair rate.
Anthony DiClemente - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thanks very much.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks Anthony. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. I have two questions. The first one is for Neil. We know about the tough comp and equipment charges, as it relates to ARPU for 2016 versus 2015. But can you talk about maybe other rate increases in cable and how it might compare to 2015, in terms of magnitude and timing? And then the second question is for Steve. It was mentioned that scatter remains strong in Q1, and we are starting to read about a slowdown in auto, but it sounds like you're not feeling any of this yet. I guess, is that a correct statement? And is there anything anecdotal about auto specifically that you are hearing? Thanks
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Hi, Marci. Concerning rates and equipment, we'll continue with the accelerated X1 rollout. We're putting out 40,000 boxes a day which, if you do the rough math, it'll get us in the range of 50% of the footprint covered by the end of the year. In terms of capital intensity, we said it would be around 15%, so I think that trend will continue. We are investing behind things we know are good investments, like X1, and I think that's the basic story. We are investing behind business services, behind Wi-Fi, advanced routers, DOCSIS 3.1, and these are all things that I think you can see from the sub numbers and the financial results, we're balancing well the investment as well as the return.
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President: So I think the scatter market is the strongest it's been any time in recent memory. And when we went through the upfront, we were wondering, everybody was wondering, is more money going to digital and is that depressing the upfront? Or are advertisers just waiting? And it now appears, given that scatter has been strong now so consistently, that a lot of advertisers were waiting and placing their money later. I don't think there's anything to worry about in terms of the automotive side of the scatter market. I think the whole market is very strong. Automotive should be very strong. And the good news is, we're now in February and we're getting closer and closer to the upfront. So I think there are reasons to be optimistic about the trajectory for the up-front process.
Marci L. Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Marci. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. I have a two-part question on dynamic ad insertion. Comcast has been one of the biggest proponents of a targeted dynamic ad insertion model, going back to really before you owned NBCU. Can you talk about NBCUniversal's strategy for reaching households beyond the Canoe partners, beyond those big cable companies? And also secondly, Canoe placed about 11 billion impressions last year. So it was almost double 2014. But still pretty small percentage of TV ad impressions in your footprint. Can you help us understand at this point what the impediments are to really scaling the platform more on the On-Demand side? And also, can you talk about what it would take to extend the dynamic ad insertion platform to linear viewing as well? Thank you.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Steve, why don't I start and then hand it over to you, if you have any additional comments. We believe there's a real opportunity in the linear space to do some of the things that the digital space does so well, such as measurements and targeting. And we've done a few acquisitions, FreeWheel and Visible World, that fit into building that platform, that delivers from targeted advertising, both from the demand side as well as the sales side, making it easier for the customers to deliver their ads. We have the Visible World, which delivers the targeting system. We have set-top box data which can power it. And we think we're still building the platform, but we're delivering value as it is to a number of programmers. I think that, concerning Canoe, it's a integral part of delivering the dynamic ad insertion. And I think we're  one of the other things we're working on is, what's the right ad load in VOD, and can we improve the ad targeting and delivery of that system. Steve? Do you want to add anything?
Stephen B. Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal & Senior Executive Vice President: So I think broadly, what advertisers are talking about in almost every single discussion is how to use the kind of data that they're accustomed to getting from  when they place a digital buy, how to get that with a television buy. And if anything, I think the pendulum is swinging a little bit back toward traditional television advertising, putting a 30 second spot on television. Obviously, the nirvana is to have nationwide addressability. I think that's years away and difficult to cobble together, for all the obvious reasons. But in the interim, we have a whole variety of products, that we have right now in the market, that take advantage of set-top box data and other information overlaid on top of our shows and existing ratings data, so that we can go to advertisers and say, we have more eyeballs than anybody else in America, than any other company in America, and we can inform your purchases of those eyeballs, we think, as well or better than anyone else. So it's not like we're waiting for addressability. But obviously, addressability is a final end state which I think is going to make television advertising that much more valuable.
Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Bryan. Brent, we'll take one last question, please.
Operator: Final question comes from the line of Mike McCormack with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Mike L. McCormack - Jefferies LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks. Neil, maybe just a quick comment on very strong broadband adds. What you were seeing out there, was it a reduction in churn, better gross ads, a combination of the two? Any particular markets where you had more success than normal? And then maybe just the follow-up on Wi-Fi hotspots and handoff. Can you just give us an update on what you're seeing from a customer experience standpoint on handoff technology and quality of service? Thanks.
Neil Smit - President & Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable & Senior Executive Vice President: Concerning the HSD numbers, I think that it was strong delivery across the board. Almost every market had indexed higher on connects. But the biggest driver was disconnects or churn. And that was across the board in the business, not just HSD. So I think there's still room for growth. 70% of America has broadband and there's room for growth within the sector. And we feel we've got the best, fastest Wi-Fi in the household and we can deliver a great experience. We're rolling out DOCSIS 3.1, and I think it's going to be a good business for us going forward. Concerning the Wi-Fi hotspots, people are connecting who use it about five times a day and the average session is over 25 minutes, so we're seeing consistent usage. We've build out the public spots based on the usage trends we see and I think it's  concerning the handoff between Wi-Fi and cellular, there is some technology out there. The question is whether you'd need to do the handoff or not and how seamless it would be. But we are looking at technology in that space as well.
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me just add to that, that one of the things I think we did really well the last few years was have our technology team, led by Tony Werner and others, really see around the bend, see Wi-Fi, make an investment, so our definition of broadband is totally different today than it was five years ago for what you get as a consumer. And I think that goes back into whether we can do something creative in the future, whether that's involving spectrum or Wi-Fi or some of the existing relationships we've got.
Brian L. Roberts - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So as I sum up, I think about the fact that 2015, amazing year. I think these numbers are  across-the-board I think all our colleagues stand out in the industry because it's not just great subscriber numbers, but it's also strong financial cash flow and growth doubling the cash flow at NBC since the acquisition. It's a real milestone that we're pleased with. And I think we're better together and that both sides of the company are more informed, we have a collaborative culture not only strengthening each other, but strengthening ourselves. And together I think that makes Comcast NBCUniversal very unique. And as we thought about return of shareholder capital, we increased it 40% in 2015. We are reinvesting in the business first and foremost, things like Japan, and Vox and BuzzFeed, our dividend has increased since 2009 on almost 25% compounded growth rate, 10% for the S&P 500, so we think we continue to return capital. But we also want to use the growth that we've got to play offense with things like X1 and the kind of things we've been talking about on the call and I think we're doing that well and mostly giving customers what they want. And that cultural shift, which really, Neil, you started in the second half of the year, is paying dividends. So thank you for your support. We look forward to a great 2016.
Jason S. Armstrong - Senior Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Brian, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Brent, back to you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 11:30 AM. Eastern time. It will run through Wednesday, February 10, at midnight Eastern time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056, and the conference ID number is 9896818. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 11:30 Am. Eastern time. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason Armstrong - Senoir Vice President, Investor Relations Brian Roberts - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael Cavanagh - Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Neil Smit - Executive Vice President, President and Chief Executive Officer, Comcast Cable Stephen Burke - Chief Executive Officer, NBCUniversal and Senior Executive Vice President, Comcast Corporation
Analysts: Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson LLC Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley John Hodulik - UBS Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Phil Cusick - JPMorgan Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Mike McCormick - Jefferies Bryan Kraft - Deutsche Bank James Ratcliffe - Buckingham Research
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this mornings call are Brian Roberts, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke, and Neil Smit. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to Slide #2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Im pleased to report very strong third quarter results. This is a real reflection of how well the various parts of our business are working, and more importantly, how well they are working together. In the quarter, we grew revenue by a 11.2% and operating cash flow by 8.4%. Our performance was broad-based with broadband, business services, film, and theme parks leading the way. Over in Cable Communications, our investments in our network, our X1 platform, and customer service are all paying off. Revenue and operating cash flow growth were each over 6%. We added 156,000 customer relationships up over 90% from the prior year. Our video results were the best for a third quarter and nine years, and our broadband results were the best for a third quarter in six years. Similar to last quarter, churn was a standout, as we saw an improvement across every category. We continue to push harder on X1 and have now accelerated our deployment to over 40,000 boxes per day. Roughly 25% of our video subscribers now have X1, and the reaction from our customers together with the financial benefits that were seeing continues to indicate we should go even faster in taking that rate higher. Encouragingly, as we get further into our base, the magnitude of favorable impacts on churn additional outlets VOD viewing and DVR uptake remain at a high level. In addition, theres a deep list of initiatives that are adding to our value proposition for our customers. Last quarter, we talked about launching a voice remote. To-date, weve already deployed nearly 1.5 million of them, and were confident that we have unrivaled content rights, which makes it much more important for us to facilitate the discovery of that content. The voice remote is exactly the type of solution and the customer feedback has been terrific. In addition, we scaled our Xfinity On Campus offering, nearly quadrupling the number of participating universities versus last year to 26. Business Services delivered another excellent quarter with revenue growth of nearly 20%. We continue our progress in small business, have established ourselves as a strong competitor in the mid-size segment, and recently announced that we created a new enterprise services group targeting Fortune 1000 customers, where weve already had some good early success. At NBCUniversal, things continue to exceed our expectations. Im thrilled to report a 17% operating cash flow growth for the quarter, which is the same number for year-to-date. At film, the third quarter was remarkable in many ways and continued the terrific run weve had this year. Minions and Jurassic world sustained our box office streak into the third quarter. On August 5, we surpassed the prior record for the highest grossing year ever for a movie studio in worldwide box office. And this is the first time any studio has had three films crossed the $1 billion mark and theatrical receipts in the same year. At our broadcast and cable networks while industry-wide ratings remain challenged, we had some real success in this past quarter. NBC was the number one broadcast network for the fifth summer in a row and has continued the momentum into the fall winning premier week for the fourth straight year. The relative strength and broadcast is diversified across sports with the number one rated show on TV and Sunday Night Football paired with the number one rated reality show, and were number one in Nightly News and in Late Night. Now, we have the falls top rated new show with Blind Spot. In our Cable Networks, NBC Sports Network put up its most-watched third quarter ever. Thanks to NASCARs debut and continued growth in viewership for the English Premier League. At USA Network, Mr. Robot was the number two new basic cable drama of the summer. Were delighted about our progress in the theme parks and more specifically about our ability to manage for growth and returns. Parks delivered another quarter of double-digit revenue and operating cash flow growth. Notably, we had record attendance despite the anniversary of our launch of the new Harry Potter attraction in Orlando. Also, during the quarter, we announced our intention to acquire a 51% stake in Universal Studios Japan. We believe that in Japan and in other parks, the combination of wonderful intellectual property and new attractions along with great service and value for families translates into very strong performance. As we look at our overall results, the third quarter and year-to-date are reflective of a special company with businesses that are working well together and focused on execution. Our operating cash flow is increasing. Were reinvesting back in the businesses for growth, and also looking for strategic investments along the way, such as Universal Studios Japan. And importantly, were returning a significant amount of cash to our shareholders. We believe that were on the right path to continue to successfully create value for our customers and shareholders, and were confident and excited about our future. Id like to now turn it over to Mike, who with a full quarter under his belt has made a really seamless and excellent transition into Comcast. Over to you for a more detailed review of the quarter.
Michael Cavanagh: Good morning, everybody. Let me begin by briefly reviewing our third quarter consolidated financial results, starting on Slide 4. As Brian highlighted, consolidated revenue for the third quarter increased a 11.2% to $18.7 billion with consolidated operating cash flow increasing 8.4% to $6.2 billion. The primary drivers of this growth were high-speed data and business services at cable and film and parks at NBCUniversal. Earnings per share for the third quarter was $0.80, an increase of 9.6% when you exclude $724 million of tax adjustments and $49 million of transaction-related costs that were in last years third quarter results. Free cash flow for the quarter increased 6.8% to $2.7 billion, and free cash flow per share of $1.6 was up a 11.6%, driven by strong operating cash flow growth, partially offset by higher capital expenditures and cash taxes. On a year-to-date basis, free cash flow increased 13.5% to $7.3 billion, and free cash flow per share of $2.90 has grown 17.9%. Now, lets go into the results of the businesses in more detail starting with Cable Communications on Slide 5. We are very pleased with the strength of our Cable Communications results. Cable revenue increased 6.3% to $11.7 billion, as we added 156,000 customer relationships and 90% improvement compared to last years third quarter, and increased total revenue per customer relationship by over 4% to $143 per month. These results demonstrate the strength and health of our business and were driven by strong growth and high-speed data and business services, as well as higher video revenue. Taking a closer look at our video business, third quarter revenue increased 3.3%, reflecting rate adjustments and an increasing number of customers adding advanced outlets and services like high-definition TV and DVR services. In fact, we added nearly 2.5 times the number of advanced customers in the quarter compared to last year, as customers are recognizing the value in our innovative X1 platform, and extensive amounts of programming. This also contributed to us improving our customer losses by 41% over last year results. We lost the combined 48,000 video customers in the quarter, primarily driven by another quarter of improved churn. Were pleased with the progress weve been making in rolling out X1, which accounted for nearly 60% of video connects in the quarter. We added nearly 1 million X1 customers in the quarter, including both new customers and existing customers upgrading to the platform. X1 net adds increased more than 20% from the second quarter and were up nearly 50% compared to last year with X1 customers now representing roughly one quarter of our total video customer base. The positive benefits from X1 continued in the third quarter. X1 customers have significantly lower voluntary churn, over 50% higher DVR penetration, and take a greater number of advanced outlets. This results in higher average revenue per customer for X1 base. As the X1 customer base expands, we see the positive impact on our overall video results. A final comment on video, we are responding to different customer preferences, segmenting the market effectively with a variety of video packages and offers, like our Internet Plus offering to appeal to customers that might otherwise choose to purchase only broadband from us. Providing the right introduction to our products allows us to better retain our customers and potentially migrate them to higher end packages over time, improving our customer lifetime value. The strong momentum in our high-speed data business continued. Revenue increased 10.2% during the quarter, making it again the leading contributor to overall cable revenue growth, driven by impressive growth in our customer base, as well as rate adjustments, and an increasing number of customers taking higher-speed services. We added a combined 320,000 data customers during the quarter with 73% of our customers now receiving speeds of 50 megabits per second or greater. We continue to differentiate our product through speed upgrades and the fastest in-home Wi-Fi with our advanced wireless gateways. Over 70% of our residential high-speed data customers now have one of our gateways, which are also fueling our impressive growth in Wi-Fi hotspots. Our hotspots now number more than 11.7 million across our footprint, compared to 4.9 million in last years third quarter. Voice revenue declined by 1.4% in the third quarter. As we expanded eligibility of X1 to Double Play customers, our combined voice customer net additions slowed 17,000, and ARPU had declined modestly. However, voice remains an important product for our customers, and we believe adds value to the bundle. Turning to Business Services, it has been the second largest contributor to overall cable revenue growth for 18 of the last 19 quarters with third quarter revenue increasing 19.5% to $1.2 billion. This rate of growth is especially impressive, given that business services is approaching a $5 billion run rate business annually. Over 70% of that revenue was generated by small businesses, where our performance is especially strong, with growth driven by customer additions and higher rates. At the same time, the contribution from mid-sized businesses continues to increase. We feel great about our run rate for growth and business services even more so with the recently announced creation of a new division that will target Fortune 1000 companies and other large enterprises. If you look under the hood at many of the businesses were targeting, they resemble an aggregation of small businesses, those with brand systems such as banks, retailers, and restaurant chains. In these cases, the needs of the local branches look very much like the small and medium-sized business customers we serve so well today. Were in the early stages of pursuing the enterprise opportunity, but believe it adds yet another avenue of growth for this already robust business. And lastly on Slide 5, Cable Advertising revenue was relatively flat during the third quarter, due to lower political revenue. Excluding political, our Cable Advertising revenue increased 8%, primarily driven by increased media advertising and ahead of the launch of the fall TV season. This level of increased spending was timing related and should be lower in the fourth quarter. Also, keep in mind, we will have a difficult comparison in the fourth quarter, as we had 110 million of political revenue during last years fourth quarter fueled by election year spending. Turning to Slide 6, third quarter Cable Communications operating cash flow increased 6.4% to $4.7 billion. During the second quarter call, we detailed our plans to increase our investment in the customer experience, as well as continue our aggressive X1 rollout, which would drive higher customer service and technical operation expense. While this is reflected in what was in the third quarter, our better revenue performance and lower program expense growth allowed us to deliver flat margins at 40.4%. Third quarter program expenses increased 6.4%. This rate of growth is lower than the 9.6% increase we reported in the second quarter, due to the lower pay-per-view costs and timing of programming deals. We expect fourth quarter program expense to increase at a similar rate of growth, and as a result, our full-year 2015 program expense growth will be slightly lower than our previous guidance of about 8%. As we look beyond 2015, we expect programming cost growth to remain elevated, driven in part by continued increases in retransmission consent these and higher sports programming costs, as well as our commitment to further expand our content rights for our on-demand and TV Everywhere platforms. We plan to continue to add more content out of home rights, stacking rights, and back seasons, ensuring that we have the most compelling and competitive video product on the market. In the third quarter, non-programming costs continue to bear the impact of the X1 rollout and our investment in the customer experience with technical and product support costs up by 8%, and customer service expenses up 8.4%. At the beginning of the year, we indicated stable margins were expected. Through the first three quarters, weve delivered on that with our year-to-date margin of 40.7%, right around last years result of 40.9%. We feel confident, we can continue to largely offset these higher expenses with an improving business mix, as high-margin businesses like high-speed data and business services continue to grow, and ongoing improvement in efficiencies as our investment in X1 and customer service begin to payoff. Overall, Cables results prove. We are executing well and competing effectively with innovative products and services that provide a great value to our customers. Were focused on continuing to deliver strong and profitable growth along with healthy customer results. Now, lets move onto NBCUniversals results. So on Slide 7, you can see NBCUniversal delivered exceptional results in the third quarter, as revenue increased nearly 21%, and operating cash flow increased 17%, driven by films record-breaking theatrical slate and strong Parks results. At Cable Networks, third quarter revenue increased 7%, primarily driven by an 8.6% increase in distribution revenue, which partially reflects higher affiliate fees associated with the premiere of NASCAR on our NBC Sports Network during the quarter. The first quarter in our new 10-year deal. In addition, advertising revenue grew 2%, as the positive contribution from NASCAR advertising more than offset what would have been a modest decrease in advertising revenue overall since rating declines across many of our networks more than offset increases in prices and volume. Last, we benefited from higher content licensing revenue reflecting the timing of content delivered under our licensing agreements. Cable Networks operating cash flow declined 3.9% due to higher program expenses that include the timing of our NASCAR rights fees. In broadcast, we did well this quarter with entertainment, sports, news and Telemundo, all contributing to revenue growth of just over 11%. This growth was driven by strong retrans and content licensing revenue, which reflects the timing of content provided under our licensing agreements, as well as new syndication deals for law and order. In addition, advertising revenue increased 3% despite the difficult comparison created by one less NFL game this quarter compared to last year. The fact that we were still able to report modestly positive advertising growth speaks to the strong scatter market with the third quarter trending better than the first-half of the year. Importantly, this higher demand in the scatter market has continued into the fourth quarter. Finally, operating cash flow at broadcast increased 6%, as expenses increased in the third quarter, primarily driven by higher studio production costs. At film, our focus on well-known intellectual property is delivering exceptional results. In the third quarter, film delivered revenue growth of 64%, and operating cash flow of more than doubled to $376 million, compared to last year, driven by the record-breaking performances of Minions, and Jurassic World. This was the second most profitable quarter in Universals history topped only by our second quarter 2015 results. In the fourth quarter, we have fewer theatrical releases, where we will continue to benefit from our successful film slate, as these films move to the home entertainment and content licensing windows. And at Theme Parks, record attendance this summer fueled 14% revenue growth, despite lapping the July 2014 opening of Harry Potter Diagon Alley and Hogwarts Express. Three quarters of our Orlando guests now purchase park to park tickets. Hollywood also contributed to our third quarter growth, driven by the success of Fast & Furious Supercharged, which opened strong on June 25. With higher attendance and healthy per capita spending growth at both parks, operating cash flow grew 14%, net of $18 million of transaction-related costs associated with our plans to develop a theme park in China. Lastly recall that last summer was more of a soft opening for Potter, so while we believe the momentum Harry Potter will continue, the growth rates will likely slow in the fourth quarter, as we compare against the fully opened Harry Potter. Now, lets move to Slide 8 to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. Consolidated capital expenditures continue to track to our investment plan and increased 11% to $2.2 billion, driven by increased investments at Cable. At Cable Communications, third quarter capital expenditures increased 12.6% to $1.9 billion, equal to 15.8% of cable revenue compared to 14.9% in the third quarter of 2014. We expect the fourth quarter to be another quarter of heavy activity, reflecting continued investments in customer premise equipment like X1 and wireless gateways. In addition, we plan to increase spending on cloud-based initiatives, such as our cloud, DVR service, business services reflecting the expansion into the mid and enterprise markets, and network capacity, bringing our full-year CapEx as a percent of cable revenue to be right around 15%. At NBCUniversal, third quarter capital expenditures remained relatively stable at $289 million with the majority of our spending at Theme Parks, as we build new attractions, including Harry Potter in Hollywood and King Kong in Orlando. We continue to expect that NBCUniversals 2015 capital expenditures will remain relatively stable at 2014s level with over half directed to our Theme Park segment, as the investments were making in our parks are clearly generating strong returns, as they drive increased attendance and per capita spending. Moving to Slide 9, as I mentioned earlier, we generated $2.7 billion of free cash flow in the quarter, and $7.3 billion of free cash flow year-to-date. In the third quarter, we returned $2.8 billion of capital shareholders, an increase of 111% compared to the third quarter of 2014, including dividend payments totaling $623 million and share repurchases totaling $2.2 billion. We bought back more stock in the quarter than the typical pro rata amount, given the weakness in share price in late August and September, as well as a desire to get ahead of the blackout period that will accompany the plan to merge the A&K shares. On a full-year basis, we continue to expect to achieve our planned repurchase of $6.75 billion of our common shares. In terms of leverage, we ended the quarter at 1.9 times net leverage. The pending acquisition of a 51% stake in Universal Studios Japan would have taken that to about two times net leverage. As I said before, we expect to continue to operate with leverage in this range. As a reminder, well talk about 2016 capital plans on our next quarters earnings call. Yesterday, we announced our plan to reclassify each share of Comcast Class A special common stock into one share of Comcast Class A common stock. We believe the reclassification will benefit our shareholders by among other things eliminating investor confusion caused by having two classes of publicly traded stock and improving the trading liquidity of our publicly traded stock. The reclassification will require approval by each class, which we anticipate will occur at a Shareholders Meeting by year-end. Thanks everybody for dialing in. And now, Ill hand it over to Jason for Q&A.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Mike. Regina, lets open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett: Hi, good morning. Brian, I wonder if you could update us a bit on your thinking about wireless, and how it fits into the longer-term business plan? There has been reports this quarter about exercising the option for the Verizon MVNO, and where, I guess, about a month away from filing a short form for the 600 megahertz option. Could you just talk about this two things and what your thinking is at the moment for how wireless fits?
Brian Roberts: Well, we dont have any news today. So let me say that, we believe that wireless obviously is an important area for consumers and how they are in the future. And today, we have incredible success with our Wi-Fi network, which is the largest in-home Wi-Fi network, as well as a terrific out of home Wi-Fi, were seeing a majority of bits travel over the Wi-Fi network. But it takes about six months to activate the MVNO. Weve had told everybody that before, we were going to trial some things and test some things after we activate and well update people as that progresses. But its an opportunity to take the network and the investments weve made  a successful investment that weve made, and try and see if we can continue relationships and product innovation that the team is working on. Regarding the auction, again, no news today. Weve seen some of the opportunity for NBC in that part of the auction and certainly something that were likely to participate in and beyond that. Were studying it, and we always look at all the options for the company, but were pretty excited about the roadmap that were trying to develop. Neil, anything you want to add?
Neil Smit: I think, you covered it, Brian. Were in the test and learn mode and I think is a natural part of the evolution of our country or participation in the mobile space beyond Wi-Fi. But were testing and learning and nothing new to report.
Craig Moffett: Would you think that longer-term an MVNO is a satisfactory end point, or would you think of it more as a starting point and then eventually you would want to have owners economics if you pursue that business?
Neil Smit: We dont know, were evaluating opportunities.
Brian Roberts: I think weve always felt its a part of a product set. I dont think we feel that we have to necessarily in anyway seek owners economics. And just to clarify what I was  make sure it was clear, at the NBC side, we tend to participate, the cable side something well continue to study.
Craig Moffett: All right. Thank you. Thats helpful, Brian.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Craig. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning, Ill try two. Mike, can you talk about the leverage comfort zone for the company around that two times? In other words, how high would you go, if you saw something really compelling on the acquisition front, and how low would you drift before you would sort of default to buybacks, if you didnt see anything out there? And then I will ask my second question to Neil. You guys talked a lot about X1 in the prepared remarks. Can you talk broadly about your customer segmentation thats allowing you to put out kind of 2% customer growth every quarter, things like Internet Plus, Internet Pro, and I believe youve been testing a stream product thats sort of pure over the top. Any color on sort of the ongoing customer segmentation activities and new product pipeline? Thanks. Thank you both.
Michael Cavanagh: Thanks, Ben. So its Mike. So on leverage, we used to say and I changed this in the last quarter that would be at the 1.5 to 2 times net leverage was the range that the company was drifting down towards from being at a higher level post GE. I think we sit now 1.9 times net leverage at the end of the third quarter. But as I said earlier, when you pro forma for the deal we did in the Japan Parks that takes us right at two times, feel quite good at around two times. But that gives us the ability to do all we need to do to return lots of capital to shareholders to invest in the business organically and give us some flexibility around things like Vox, BuzzFeed, parks and so forth. So in that range right around two is fine to allow us to do all that, and I wont speculate on any larger M&A, as Brian said before, were pretty comfortable with the portfolio businesses we have.
Neil Smit: Concerning segmentation X1 was up 60% of our connects this quarter, and so were seeing a healthy growth X1. We offer different products based on the segment, for example, the Internet Plus applies well to millennials who want a great Internet product and a lighter video product. On those customers we  after theyve  after  the churn is consider we up sell about 30% of those. So were able to get new people into the system and then up sell or upgrade them. The on-campus product has been a great success. We are on 26 campuses now and continue to grow. Its a great product. It serves the video to where the customer in this case, the student wants to have consume it, which is in their dorm room, we stream direct. We launched the stream product in the trial market and that also applies to millennials or younger audience. And finally Watchables we launched earlier this month, and thats about 32 providers of semi professional content. So its getting to content thats not normally what weve been carrying in the past, and we that will attract another segment. So were very careful on how we segment the audiences and were getting a better quality customer and holding on to them for longer.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Ben. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Great. Thanks. It was for Neil. Can you comment on the strategy and timing of the DOCSIS 3.1 rollout? And if we look back, youve been adding about 1.2 million, 1.39 million new HSD subs per year for the last few years. Does this initiative sort of help you maintain that growth, or could we see some acceleration again on the sub side or ARPU, as you get further down the path there? Thanks.
Neil Smit: Well, as you said, weve continued to add over 1 million for nine years now. And that weve done 16 speed increases in the past 13 years. So we continue to increase speeds and thats the value that customers are receiving. Weve also, as Mike mentioned in his comments increased the wireless gateways to our in-home Wi-Fi, is a very strong value add. The  in terms of DOCSIS 3.1, its what we have in the labs. We plan on rolling it out early next year, and we think that will give us more speed capability, and were also working on products that will increase the  lets just call the smartness of the Internet, not just speed. So we think we can continue to grow market share and the market is growing only 70% of customers have a high-speed connection, so theres market growth opportunity there as well.
John Hodulik: Okay. Thanks.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, John. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Thanks. I guess, two questions. First, can you talk about what youre doing in terms of mining data and driving targeted more relevant advertising across all your platforms, so across Comcast Cable and also NBCUniversal businesses?
Brian Roberts: Well, let me start by just saying that, we see the two company  the two parts of the company working together is really part of whats powering these earnings results and across the board. And one of the areas that weve identified as management team is that question, theres a importantly how do we improve the technology, so we have a better targeted information. Whats the data that can assist the advertisers and the networks in having the right relationship with what theyre offering. And its an important area to the company because of both parts of the company have a lot of advertising dollars. Its nice to see the spot market being very successful right now and supportive of this space. So I think theres a lot of chance for us to perform well. The other thing with data is sort of measurement and having buyers be more knowledgeable to whatever means that that data gets to the marketplace. And so were looking at all those opportunities across the company. Steve or Neil, you please jump in?
Stephen Burke: Well, our advertising group, which is now unified under Linda Yaccarino for all the cable channels, all broadcast, and all digital, she is currently not only allowing advertisers to sell across all those platforms, but to do so in a way thats informed by information or complemented by target ability on the Comcast side, which is obviously a very, very unique product in a world, where advertisers want to marry the proven storyteller  storytelling of a television spot with a target ability of the Internet. So she is in the market with those products right now. They are doing very well. And those products are going to get more sophisticated, as we complement them with more information, more set-top box data et cetera.
Jessica Reif Cohen: Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Cusick: Hey, guys. If I can squeeze in a clarification and a question. First on -- following up on Bens question on the balance sheet size. We  in the past youve talked about the size of the balance sheet being as important as leverage and the $50 billion range being sort of the high level. But with more and more companies at $100 billion debt balance, are you more comfortable that you can ladder out maturities enough to take the balance sheet substantially higher? And then second, you mentioned programming expense coming in below 8% this quarter and the comment about continued investment rights. How should we think about that for 2016? What could accelerate growth, or we should we think about that 8% as a reasonable run rate? Thank you.
Michael Cavanagh: Its Mike. On the balance sheet size or the size the debt issuance of the company, I think that continues and should continue to be a factor that we think about. Its  were a large issuer and we want to make sure that through the course of time, were always able to carry the balances at good rates through time.
Stephen Burke: And concerning the programming costs, this is a lower quarter than usual in terms of percentage of increase. We do see that increasing will be slightly below our 8% number that weve given previous guidance on. And I think were not done with the budgeting process yet for 2016, so were not prepared to comment on that yet.
Phil Cusick: Thanks, guys.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Phil. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks. Just continuing from one prior question, in terms of the Internet Plus offering, can you talk about  because the step-up is pretty substantial. Can you talk about what customers do after their one-year promotional price given that you already have that experience? And I just wanted to get a sort of philosophical question about all thesis come to U..S mainland, Im talking about 40% margins for cable companies that are one-fourth the size of Comcast, and you are already at 40%. So any thoughts about is there opportunity on the margin side on cable given some of the strategies they are contemplating? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Concerning Internet Plus, as I mentioned, when they roll off promotional rate some people step up to higher level packages more video about 30% do. Some people roll off or churn off and some people extend in the existing to step up in their pricing. So we find its a attractive way of getting customers who are initially only interested in Internet onto a video product and then expand the package from there, get a foot in the door. Concerning Altice, its good to see others recognize the value in the cable market as we have. There is always things we can learn. They do some things  some interesting things with self-service, their IT consolidation, their structural approach, and were always open to learning.
Vijay Jayant: Thanks.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Vijay. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brett Feldman: Thanks for taking the question. If we could just talk a little bit about your view on the competitive environment in the video market, because if we look at some of your biggest competitors, it feels like their emphasis has shifted. Verizon is very focused on custom TV, AT&T is pivoting away from U-verse, DISH seems very interested in Sling versus its traditional product and youve obviously invested a lot in some of your premium offers. And so the question is, sort of, how do you feel about the competitive intensity? And then just in general, youve been showing improved trends year-over-year, do you feel like thats sustainable?
Neil Smit: I think the competitive intensity is much the same as it has been in the past. The base offers, their attractive promotional offers, but the base rate remains in the same ballpark. I think, different people are trying different things. We feel the X1 platform is something we can build on. It  theres greater viewership. Theres more VOD consumption, both transactional and non-transactional. The churn reduction is significant and there are more AOs, more DVR usage. So were investing behind the X1 platform, and we feel we can continue to  our objective is to continue to improve year-over-year on an ongoing basis.
Brian Roberts: I would just add that the thing that I feel good about is the video product that were offering has tremendous momentum. Its the best in the market. Just  people that dont live in Philadelphia or one of our markets when they see it, they go, wow, I wish I could get that. With the ease now of the voice remote well put millions of those out in the next several quarters, and it just makes it even that much better. And our service initiatives and improvements that are being made and the reliability and on time and the network reliability, theres a tremendous focus here, and I think thats improving as well. And so you put all that together, I really think we have a great momentum and a good strategy.
Neil Smit: I complement Dave Watson and the operating teams in the field who are really driving the X1 out and targeting selective segments in the offer.
Brian Roberts: 20,000 a day, thats huge push.
Brett Feldman: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Brett. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Marci Ryvicker: Hi, thanks. And I have two questions. The first, Mike, you talked about the enterprise unit being sort of an aggregation of small businesses. So it sounds like there will not be a need for a major upgrade to the network, and there is not going to be a need for major investment there. So just want to confirm that Im reading right from your comments. And then the second question is for Brian. And you mentioned I think during our press conference around Universal Studio Japan that this is going to be the beginning of your international expansion. So I just wanted you to just provide some more color around that comment? Thanks.
Michael Cavanagh: Marci, its Michael. Ill start and you can finish, but on business services enterprise growth its continuation of what were doing, the needs are similar and we are investing and it is a big source of capital investment that youve seen in the recent past and thats going to continue. But were going to lay around businesses of a bigger scale that have the profile the medium-size enterprises that we already have.
Brian Roberts: And Id just add that were targeting the Fortune 1000 companies and other large enterprises have 300 locations or more. And if you think about it this type of enterprise customer were looking at entities with branches such a banks, restaurants, retailers, and we these are  those are small customers like a assembly of small customers. So we have managed services to more than 20 large enterprise customers already and already signed multiple 8 figure deals.
Neil Smit: So one of the things that NBCUniversal does for Comcast and I think Steve, focused on it right from the gecko when we moved Jeff Shell to London was to really use this as a way to how the company look at broader opportunities not just United States but around the world. And were really happy with the Osaka and Japan Theme Park 51% announcement. But as weve said and I think that what I was really referring to was our China opportunity. We have partnership that were in the process of getting completed all the approvals necessary to go forward. But we are looking forward to building entire new Universal in Beijing and thats a continuation of that  because were in the Theme Park business when we bought the company there were no owned assets outside the United States. And we will have perhaps the largest or one of the largest Theme Park will be China. And when you see Universal Japan its thriving business that we think we can grow and weve were in the process of putting into managing it coming from Florida theres Chief Financial Officer of Universal Park he is going to move there and their team is really ready for these kind of opportunities and kind of hit the ground running. So theres nothing else this much high and that were working on specifically like that but this is a unique opportunity and where it complements what we are going to do in Beijing.
Marci Ryvicker: All right. Thank you very much.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks Marci. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike McCormick with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Mike McCormick: Hey, guys, thanks. Maybe we can just circle back on Bretts question the competitive landscape. And more specifically talking about the recent combination of AT&T and DirecTV AT&T is out there with pretty aggressive wireless and DirecTV bundles with pretty good bounties and sort of build credits if you will. Just trying to get a sense for if youve seen any significant change in appetite for that combined wireless video bundle. And then just secondly on the retrans side if you can give us an update on the pacing there any risks to that trajectory?
Brian Roberts: I think on the competitive side as I said we havent seen a meaningful difference in approach or sub-numbers. Our churn  our numbers were the best in nine years and its driven by churn. So you think that if there was a very attractive offer its the higher churn but our churn numbers remain lower. And concerning the retrans.
Neil Smit: Retrans, we were talking to you or Steve.
Brian Roberts: I think our retrans generally speaking are continuing on a steady curve and theres no real lumpiness in that number.
Mike McCormick: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Mike. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kraft: Good morning. There seems to be some elevated activity in Washington and also in local government arenas to facilitate more fiber at the home deployment. And like in some of the Google fiber markets, it seem to be increasingly leaning toward allowing redlining. And so I guess the first I was wondering if youve the same assessment? And second, how much of a concern is this for you that competitors might be able to sort of cream skim and not have to serve the higher cost areas? And what are you  if you have any expectations around how that could play out, I would just be interested in any thoughts you have on that? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Look, we  weve seen this is not a new thing. There were similar thoughts when the Bells were building that was not Universal. We cant per se control that we obviously want to have as level playing field as one can. But a pro competitive strategy in our opinion is better than a pro regulatory strategy and if theres more competition that something that where weve been facing for years and nothing were going to do to change that or want to change that I think it if anything its a reminder to regulators how competitive this industry is and will be in the future. And thats why its so critical that we continue to perform well and sharpen our operating skills and were showing that.
Bryan Kraft: Okay. Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Brian. Regina, we got time for one more question.
Operator: So final question comes from the line of James Ratcliffe with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
James Ratcliffe: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just to dig into the video churn improvement youve been seeing how much of that is really X1 driven and how much of it is the benefit from the investment customer experience. And so how much incremental run rate is there on that both in terms of expanding X1 in terms of the customer service investments? Thanks.
Brian Roberts: I think its been a combination of a number of factors. One is getting people on the X1 platform is having affect on churn. The second is we have more people on contracts. And third is that theres more people using TV Everywhere theres third of our customers using TV Everywhere on a monthly basis. And finally I think our customer experience improvements of health significantly I mean if we can get the right customers and keep them longer its going to impact churn. So our customer experience things in terms of reducing phone calls, reducing truck rolls, getting things right the first time and really super serving our customers is having an impact as well.
Neil Smit: I just want to sum up from my perspective what was so good about this quarter from where I have said is the company working really well together, it was a terrific first nine months of the year this quarter being in video the best in nine years, and broadband the best in six years. NBCUniversal would basically now had doubled the cash flow and a run rate to do that strength is across so many different parts of the company that are participating in the technology change thats happening. As we talked about the millennials, we talk also about NBC and investments in Vox and BuzzFeed and the ability to now hopefully have advertising that can take some of our content and their content and bring it to advertisers doing all this, while still maintaining the leverage, it allows us to buyback shares and the dividend and Mike Cavanagh, joining us here and changing sort of the trajectory of that buyback in anticipation of things. And ultimately, its giving customers what they want and having a company with the unique set of assets that can do that. And I think we really and so many different fronts of the company did that this quarter. So were really pleased and thank you for your questions and support.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Brian,andthanks everyone for joining us. That will conclude todays call. Regina, back to you.
Operator: There will be a replay available of todays call starting at 12:30 PM Eastern time, it will run through Tuesday November 3, at midnight Eastern time. The dialing number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 39613302. And recording of the conference call will also be available on the companys website beginning at 12:30 PM today. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason Armstrong - SVP, IR Brian L. Roberts - Chairman and CEO Michael J. Angelakis - Senior Advisor Michael J. Cavanagh - SEVP and CFO Stephen B. Burke - EVP and CEO, NBCUniversal Neil Smit - EVP, President and CEO, Comcast Cable
Analysts: Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley John Hodulik - UBS Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch  Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson Phil Cusick - JPMorgan Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Comcasts Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason Armstrong : Thank you, operator and welcome everyone. Joining me on this mornings call are Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Mike Cavanagh, Steve Burke and Neil Smit. Brian and Mike will make formal remarks, and Michael, Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to slide number 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts: Thanks Jason and good morning everyone. As this is the first call since the death of my father, Id like to express my gratitude for the tremendous outpouring of support for me and the entire Comcast family. So many of you recalled your favorite memories and stories and for this I'm beyond grateful. And as I think about today, reporting on another terrific quarter its such a great reflection of the special company Ralph built and I'm honored to help lead. Comcast NBCUniversal has real positive momentum on many fronts and so we are pleased to report that in the second quarter we grew revenue by 11.3% and operating cash flow by 8%. Our growth was broad based. In cable our investments in customer experience, a faster X1 rollout, and our leading broadband network are all paying off. We grew overall customer relationships, added broadband customers and reduced our video losses in half. In fact this is the best second quarter result in video that weve had in nine years.  But the highlight of the quarter was Universal Pictures and Universal Theme Parks. And overall at NBCUniversal I just cant say enough great things about the second quarter. Operating cash flow increased 19.4% following a 14% growth in the first quarter. Steve Burke and his team continue to transform the business and are on track to soon double the operating cash flow since we made our original announcement with GE in 2009.  Led by blockbusters Furious 7 and Jurassic World and a successful Pitch Perfect 2 the Filmed Division put up an unbelievable quarter. We broke a long list of records, so let me just highlight a couple. Universals worldwide box office grosses have already set a yearly record for the company, exceeding the prior high achieved in 2013. Jurassic World generated $1 billion in worldwide box office in its first 13 days, which is faster than any film in history and now stands as the fourth highest grossing film of all time and Furious 7 is the fifth highest grossing film.  Notably weve had outstanding success internationally. Furious 7 became the highest grossing film ever in China. And Minions which is off to an excellent start will help continue the trend of global success into the third quarter. This all demonstrate, not only our focus on franchises and sequels but also our approach to global marketing and distribution under the leadership of Jeff Shell, Donna Langley, Ron Meyer and many others.  Turning to Broadcast and Cable networks, industry viewership continues to be under pressure but we have a strong diversified and enviable line-up of networks. A big success was NBC Broadcast, which won the 2014-2015 season for adults 18 to 49, marking the second year in a row as number one. NBC Sports continues to demonstrate the power of live sports with year-over-year viewership gains across the NHL Stanley Cup Finals, The English Premier League, Top [ph] Channel and now NASCAR.  We also remained focused on original programming; a recent example is were very encouraged by how strongly Mr. Robot has gotten out of the gate on USA. It now ranks as a number two new scripted cable series of the year. Finally at NBCUniversal, our terrific momentum at Parks continues.  Tom Williams and Mark Woodbury and their teams have led the business to a stellar 45% operating cash flow growth. The enormous success of the new Harry Potter attraction in Orlando was sustained in the second quarter. Our strategy of consistently launching new attractions is really working. Our recently opened Fast and Furious super charge attraction in Hollywood provides already an additional boost to that park and we have an exciting roadmap with other new attractions that we will launching in the future including the highly anticipated opening of Harry Potter in Hollywood next summer. All-in-all the team at NBCUniversal is doing a fantastic job and is executing incredibly well. Moving to Cable Communications, Neil Smit and the team continues to drive the industrys best technologies and platforms forward and the results prove this out. In the second quarter we increased revenues 6.3% and operating cash flow 5.1%. We continue to believe X1 is an absolute team changer, better connecting our customers to content serving as a platform for so much more. We have scaled our deployment to nearly 30,000 boxes per day and we are pushing to go even faster. The results are measurable and I am pleased to report that the significant improvements weve shared previously around X1 viewing patterns, churn, DVR penetration and additional outlets, amongst others continue to hold as we get further into the base with our deployment. We very much believe in the video business and our place in its future and we will strive to lead in innovating to match the demands of our customers.  Along these lines we continue to generate serious interest in licensing opportunities for X1 with Cox and now Shaw engaging with us on trials, and number of other companies expressing interest. Importantly we are making progress in our commitment to improve the customer experience. We told you that our intention was to take the same focus weve had on product innovation and technology experiences and apply that to customer service and were doing it. Some notable examples we recently announced include new cloud-based platforms to give our employees a better view of customers account history, a reimagined retail experience, apps that put customers in the driver seat to troubleshoot problems themselves, a tech tracker feature and commitment to service windows, and our plan to add more than 5,500 customer service jobs.  In short our goal is to make customer service and the customer experience our best product, and our customers are responding to these efforts. Churn is down in every category; video, data, voice and home security which is excellent news and evidence of the progress we are making. And the future holds even more for our customers. We recently began providing voice remote standard with our X1 product; the next iteration in simplifying search and discovery on our platform. And just last week we announced that we are launching a new video product called Stream, that will offer Comcast Internet-only customers in easy way to add a light cable package to their subscription, enjoy immediate access to programming across computers and mobile devices. We also announced a gaming service in partnership with Electronic Arts on the X1 platform and later this year we will begin trialing and ultimately deploying DOCSIS 3.1 in our network which will provide significant added capacity and lay the groundwork for future speed increases for our broadband customers. In addition to our strong performance on the residential side in business services, Bill Stemper and team continue to deliver, with another quarter of greater than 20% growth in revenue. The consistency of the growth has been amazing and we have significant runway ahead. Summing up we have a great portfolio of complementary businesses. The diversification of our businesses carries significant benefits as evidenced again this quarter. The key to our success is not only a great set of assets, its also our collaborative culture. We make sure that our people work together, enabling us to innovate and execute more quickly.  And I am excited today for you to meet Mike Cavanagh, who is here with us on the call. As you know he recently joined us to become Chief Financial Officer. Mike has an incredible background and will be able to contribute broad experience and perspective to the role and he is going to be a great partner to me and to the senior team. But its bittersweet that this will be Michael Angelakis last earnings call. So I want to thank you Michael for all that you have done as our Chief Financial Officer and Vice Chairman, and so much more for the past eight years. But we are all excited by your new initiative, which I think will be exciting for shareholders, for the company and for you personally.  Youre one of the smartest and most successful deal makers I know. We wish you only the best of luck. So Michael, why dont you take a few words before we turn it over to Mike Cavanaugh.
Michael J. Angelakis: Thank you, Brian. I very much appreciate the kind words. I'm proud of what weve accomplished and it has been an honor for me to represent this amazing company and all my talented colleagues, to our shareholders and the investment community. As you can see from these results the company is so well positioned and has incredibly strong leadership teams throughout the organization. Id like to thank all of my Comcast NBCUniversal colleagues for their friendship and dedication.  Also I am very pleased that Mike has joined the team. His experience, his energy and fresh perspectives, as well as great business judgment has made our transition seamless. I am proud and delighted he is here and look forward to our partnership. Now let me turn it over to Mike who will review the quarters results. 
Michael J. Cavanagh : Thanks, Michael and good morning everybody. Although its only been about two months since the announcement, I feel welcome and at home at Comcast. Its great to be joining the team at a time as exciting as Brian just described.  Before jumping into our results Id like to say a few words about Michael. He has established a great culture and financial organization inside of Comcast, putting me in a great position, to step to this role and to provide leadership from this special seat. He himself is an outstanding leader and has been and will continue to be a trusted partner of mine. I wish him the very best as he pursues his new growth opportunity for our company. Now let me begin reviewing our second quarter consolidated financial results, starting on slide four. Overall we are very pleased with our second quarter performance, which reflects healthy growth and consistent execution across our businesses. For the second quarter consolidated revenue increased 11.3% to $18.7 billion, and operating cash flow increased 8% to $6.3 billion, reflecting healthy organic growth in our cable business and outstanding performances in Film and Theme Parks and NBCUniversal. This result includes Time Warner Cable and Charter transaction related costs in the second quarters of both 2015, and 2014. Excluding these transaction costs consolidated operating cash flow increased 8.5%.  Year-to-date consolidated revenue increased 6.8% to $36.6 billion and consolidated operating cash flow increased 7.8% to $12.2 billion. For comparison purposes, if we exclude the $376 million of revenue generated by the Super Bowl this year as well as the $1.1 billion of revenue generated by the Sochi Olympics in the first quarter of 2014 consolidated revenue increased a very strong 9.3%. Similarly if we exclude transaction related cost incurred in the first six months of this year and last year consolidated operating cash flow increased 8.7%.  Earnings per share for the second quarter grew 10.5% to $0.84 a share, versus $0.76 per share in the second quarter of 2014. However excluding several adjustments we outlined in our press release, EPS increased 12%. Year-to-date earnings per share increased 12.2% to a $1.65 a share versus a $1.47 a share in the prior year, again excluding adjustments our normalized year-to-date EPS increased 14% to a $1.63. Free cash flow for the quarter increased 30% to $1.5 billion and a free cash flow per share increased 34.1% to $0.59 a share driven by growth in consolidated operating cash flow and improvements in working capital, partially offset by increased capital expenditures and cash taxes. For the first half of this year we generated $4.7 billion of free cash flow, an increase of 17.7% over the first six months of 2014 and year-to-date free cash flow per share increased 21.9% to a $1.84 per share.  Now lets review the results of our businesses in more detail, starting with Cable Communications on slide five. Our Cable Communications team continues to execute well and we are pleased with our second quarter performance of solid revenue and operating cash flow growth along with healthy customer metrics.  Cable Communications revenue increased 6.3% to $11.7 billion, reflecting the ongoing strength in high speed data and business services as well as higher video revenue. Total revenue per customer relationship increased 4.5% to $143 per month, driven by a higher contribution from business services, customers subscribing to multiple products and higher levels of service and rate adjustments. In addition to strong financial growth we continued to deliver strong metrics. As Brian highlighted despite the typical seasonality we experience in our second quarter we added 31,000 customer relationships during the quarter, compared to a loss of 25,000 customers last year. More encouraging is that the improvement was driven by increases in our double and triple play relationships as customers continue to find value in the bundle and are increasingly taking multiple services from us. At the end of the quarter 69% of our customers subscribed to at least two products and 37% subscribed to three products, compared to 36% at the end of last years second quarter.  Moving on to the individual products, as Brian mentioned, video delivered great results. We improved video net losses by $75,000 year-over-year to $69,000. This impressive performance was driven by better customer retention as we focused on improving the customer experience and delivering innovative products. The investment we have made in our cloud-based X1 platform is paying off as the positive customer benefits make their way into a larger portion of the base. Our X1 net additions continued to accelerate this quarter, increasing more than 10% from the first quarter and up nearly 35% compared to last year. X1 accounted for about 50% of our second quarter video connects and X1 customers now represent nearly a third of our total triple play customers. Our high speed data service continues to gain share as we differentiate our product through speed upgrades and the deployment of wireless gateways. Not only do these gateways provide our customers with the fastest in home Wi-Fi they are also fueling our impressive growth in Wi-Fi hotspots, which now number more than 10 million. We added 180,000 new data customers in the second quarter and 587,000 customers year-to-date, which matches last years first half total. In addition voice remains a valuable component of the bundle, as our voice customer base grew by 49,000 in the second quarter. This slowdown in voice net additions primarily reflects our focus on double play this year compared to prior year results that had stronger triple play additions. As we look at our revenue categories video revenue increased 3.7% reflecting an increasing number of customers taking advance services and modest rate adjustments, as well as an increase in pay per view revenue due to the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight in the quarter. High speed internet revenue increased 10% in the quarter making it again the leading contributor to cable revenue growth driven by continued growth in our customer base, rate adjustments and an increasing number of customers taking higher speed services. At the end of the quarter 69% of our residential high speed Internet customers received speeds of 50 megabits per second or greater. Voice revenue declined by 2.1% in the second quarter, as growth in our customer base was offset by a modest decline in ARPU. Our business services division continued to help fuel cable growth this quarter, with revenue increasing 20.4% to $1.2 billion. Our performance in the small end of the market continues to be especially strong with growth driven by an expanding customer base and rate adjustments. At the same time the contribution from mid-sized businesses continues to increase. There is a tremendous opportunity for growth in this segment as we have captured only a 25% share of the small end of the market and less than 10% of the mid-sized segment. Cable Advertising revenue decreased 0.9% during the second quarter, reflecting lower political revenue. Excluding political our core cable advertising revenue increased 2.5%.  Now lets turn to slide six. Second quarter cable communications operating cash flow increased 5.1% to $4.8 billion, resulting in a margin of 40.9% compared to 41.4% in the second quarter of 2014 primarily driven by higher programming cost, additional expenses related to the deployment of X1 to our customers and the investments we are making to improve the customer experience.  Second quarter program expenses increased 9.6% reflecting higher sports programming cost and increases in retransmission consent fees as well as an impact from the pay per view fight in the quarter. Excluding the impact of pay per view fights in both years our programming expense growth would have been approximately a 150 basis points lower. We continue to expect program expense growth for the full year 2015 to grow at a similar level to 2014s growth of about 8%.  Technical and product support expenses increased 6% in the second quarter, as we continue to accelerate the deployment of the X1 platform and invest in the customer experience. As Brian said earlier in the call we are committed to transforming the customer experience and it is our number one priority this year. As a result this means we will incur modestly higher expenses as were hiring additional technicians and service personnel, strengthening our dispatch teams and operations and investing in training, tools and technology, including a new cloud-based customer platform that gives our employees a better view of our customer accounts so they serve them better and faster.  Were already starting to see these additional investments pay-off as the metrics we use to evaluate our service levels are all improving. Things like our on-time metric, how quickly we answer calls, how successful we are in on-boarding new customers, all have shown real improvement. We firmly believe that these investments in the customer experience will pay-off for us overtime as we do a better job maintaining and deepening our customer relationships. Overall Cables second quarter and year-to-date results prove that we are executing well and competing effectively, with innovative products and services that provide a great value to our customers. We are focused on improving the customer experience, having best-in-class products and continuing to deliver strong financial and customer results.  Now lets move on to NBCUniversals results, which are presented on slide seven. NBCUniversal delivered strong results in the second quarter, as revenue increased 20.2% and operating cash flow increased 19.4%. Cable networks generated revenue of $2.5 billion in the second quarter, a decrease of 1% driven by a 26% decline in content licensing and other revenue and a 3% decline in advertising revenue, that was partially offset by a 5.6% increase in distribution revenue. Cable networks operating cash flow declined 4.6% to $872 million in the second quarter, reflecting lower revenue and modest increases in operating and administrative expenses.  With regards to our Broadcast Television segment, revenue was essentially flat at $1.8 billion in the second quarter, as a 7% decline in content licensing revenue was offset by increased retransmission consent fees and a slight increase in advertising revenue. Stable revenue and a modest increase in operating cost in the second quarter led operating cash flow to decline 3.7% to $231 million.  Moving to filmed entertainment second quarter revenue nearly doubled to $2.3 billion driven by higher theatrical revenue from the strong performances of Furious 7 and Jurassic World, which both saw tremendous success at the box office. As Brian said earlier these were two of the biggest films in Universals history, so we had an exceptionally strong quarter. Second quarter operating cash flow increased $227 million to $422 million, driven by the significant revenue increase, partially offset by an increase in the amortization of film costs and higher advertising marketing and promotion expense to support the larger film slate.  The momentum at our Theme Parks continued this quarter, as revenue increased 25.7% to $773 million, and operating cash flow grew 44.9% to $354 million, reflecting strong attendance and per capita spending, driven by the continued success of Harry Potter Diagon Alley in Orlando which opened in July of last year. This new attraction has been a real success since its opening, driving double-digit increases in park-to-park ticket sales record attendance levels and per capita spending.  While we believe the momentum at Harry Potter will continue the growth rates will likely slow as we have now passed the anniversary of the Diagon Alley opening. In Hollywood, Fast and Furious SuperCharge opened strong on June 25th with double-digit attendance growth ever since.  Let's move to slide eight to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. Consolidated capital expenditures continue to track our investment plan and increased 9.6% to $2 billion compared to second quarter of 2014 driven by increased investments at cable. At cable communications, second quarter capital expenditures increased to $183 million or 12.3% to $1.7 billion, equal to 14.3% of cable revenue versus 13.5% in the second quarter of 2014. The increase was primarily driven by higher spending on CPE to support the aggressive deployment of our X1 platform and wireless gateways, our continued investment in network infrastructure to increase network capacity, additional investment as we continue our cloud-based initiatives as well as our expansion in business services.  Year-to-date cable communications capital expenditures have increased 18.3% to $3.1 billion, representing 13.5% of cable revenue. We continue to expect that for the full year of 2015, our cable capital intensity will be approximately 14.5% of cable revenue, compared to 13.9% in 2014. We are focused on investing in the business where we think there are attractive financial and strategic returns. All of these initiatives are great examples of this growth oriented investment strategy and X1 is no exception. We continue to be very pleased with the results of X1 and its success underscores our confidence in accelerating the rollout. We have accelerated our X1 net additions quarter-after-quarter and the positive customer results have continued. More customers are subscribing to DBRs and additional outlets, increasing video-on-demand usage and we continue to see reduced churn levels among these customers.  Second quarter capital expenditures at NBCU decreased 8.5% to $272 million, primarily reflecting decreased investments in facilities, partially offset by higher spending at Theme Parks, as we build new attractions including Harry Potter in Hollywood and King Kong in Orlando. As we mentioned at the beginning of the year we expect that NBCUniversal's 2015 capital expenditures will remain relatively stable at 2014's level with over half directed to our Theme Park segment as the investments we are making in our parks are clearly generating strong returns as they drive increase attendance and per capital spending.  Turning to slide nine, as I mentioned earlier we generated consolidated free cash flow of $1.5 billion in the second quarter, an increase of 30%. For the first half of the year we generated $4.7 billion in free cash flow, an increase of 17.7% over the first half of 2014. The increases for both the quarter and the year-to-date results reflect growth in consolidated operating cash flow and improvements in working capital, that were partially offset by higher capital expenditures and cash taxes.  In the second quarter we returned $2.2 billion of capital to our shareholders, an increase of 65.8% compared to the second quarter of 2014, including share repurchases totaling $1.6 billion and dividend payments totaling $628 million. In the first six months of 2015 we've returned $4.8 billion of capital to shareholders, representing an increase of 84.5% compared to last year, including share repurchases totaling $3.6 billion and dividend payments totaling $1.2 billion. Recapping our return of capital plans for 2015 we plan to buyback $6.75 billion of our shares, which includes the original $4.25 billion we announced at the beginning of the year, plus the additional $2.5 billion announced with our first quarter earnings release. As we hit at that point, this should place us at roughly two times leverage at year end. And as always we will discuss next year's return of capital plans when we release fourth quarter earnings after the process of reviewing our business plans is complete.  My priorities are to make sure our businesses are being fed the capital they need for strong and profitable growth and to make sure that we have strategic flexibility from a financial perspective and to prudently maximize our return of cash to shareholders. Overall we have had a really strong first half of year in both cable and NBCUniversal. We are pleased with the financial and operational progress we've made in all of our businesses and we are focused on continuing that momentum throughout the year.  We believed that our disciplined investments, along with our focus on execution will continue to generate healthy growth and yield positive results. Before I turn in the call over to Jason for Q&A I would like to say how great it is to be here. Comcast is a fantastic company with a portfolio of leading businesses, that have tremendous opportunities ahead. Brian, Steve, Neil and David are a great leadership team and in my short time here I have found that all levels of this company are filled with smart energetic people with high integrity. I'm very happy to be part of this team. Over to you, Jason.
Jason Armstrong : Thanks, Mike. We will now move to our question-and-answers. I'll remind you Brian, Mike, Michael and Steve are in the room with us today and Neil is traveling, but he has dialed in and available for questions. So with that Brent we'll turn it over for you to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks and good morning. I have two questions. Neil, can you give us a little more insight into the churn trends the customer adds this quarter, were really strong I can't remember the last time you guys added customers in the second quarter. So when you look at the voluntary and voluntary look at the investments you are making in customer service. Can you just help us to think about what's drive in the churn down and what's the opportunity is from here to take that down further, and I'll just give Steve my question which is, there has been some press coverage on your upfront, I wonder if you could give us some details on how the upfront went from your perspective across your property? Thanks.
Neil Smit: Hi, Ben, its Neil. I think the churn has been a key driver of Q2 results. But over the last year and half the churn numbers improved every month year-over-year and part of it is driven by the S1 deployment where we're seeing about 30% less voluntary churn. Part of it is driven by the fact that we're getting a higher percentage of our customers on contract. It's more than double year-over-year and I think we're getting better quality customers and retaining them longer is the real story.  How far can that go remains to be seen. We're going to keep on driving our X1, we are targeting our segments better, we're doing better on non-pay disconnect, we are just I think managing the customer relationship more effectively and I think because all the work we're putting into customer experience is paying off. It's each initiative is kind of additive and it's really effecting the churn number over time.
Stephen B. Burke : In terms of the upfront I think we had a great upfront because it was a challenging time for the industry and we ended up with our volume up. We gained share. We talked a lot about the monetization gap. We closed some more of the monetization gap for really the second time in a row and despite the fact that I think overall industry volume was down ours was up and our CPM's were right at the top for both NBC and the big cable networks. So we feel very pleased and part of it is because of the way we manage our advertising business, Linda Yaccarino has responsibility for all advertising, every single one of our channels and we have around 20% of viewership.  So that gives us a tremendous portfolio approach to the market and allows us to outperform and hopefully we'll continue to do that.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you both.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik: Maybe another question for Neil. I mean, Neil does the lower churn you are seeing in video and all the runway you still have with the X1 deployment, does that give you sort of better visibility and a return to sub growth in terms of on the video side and then looks like a lot of the growth is coming more from double play that it has from triple-play in the past, has there been a change in marketing or your approach to focus more on doubles than triples? Thanks.
Neil Smit: Well, our goal is always to improve year-over-year customer metrics which we done for the last four years in a row on the video side. I think the churn and the X1 deployment does give me optimism that we can continue to improve the voluntary churn number. I think going forward we're going to continue to drive out X1 at an accelerated rate. It does impact CapEx and the second part to your question, John was what?
John Hodulik: Was about the double plays versus triple plays. It looks like more of the growth is coming from double plays and I was just wondering if there was a change in your approach from a marketing standpoint?
Neil Smit: On that, I think this quarter we did shift to more double plays and triple plays, I think that unaffected phone. If you look at Broadband for the first half of the year its right on what we did in the first half of last year. So we dont think theres any big macro change in our approach but each quarter can vary a little bit. I would just add on the churn point, I also am excited by the innovation roadmap that we have around X1, around the customer experience, around the stream product, around the EA games and more things in the labs. So I think were -- each quarter it gets a little better and were pleased that this was the best second quarter in video in nine years. 
John Hodulik: Okay, thanks Brian. 
Jason Armstrong: Thanks John, next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead 
Jessica Reif Cohen : Thank you. I have two questions but I -- questions -- one is for Brian, condolences to you and your family on the passing of Ralph Roberts, Comcast Founder and obviously your father. Ralph was such an amazing person and a great leader and for Mike, nothing but good luck, hopefully youll be a very important part of the company and the companys initiative. But anyway on the question, so one for Cable, one for NBCUniversal. For Cable with the rejuvenated focus on customer service and the customer experience, it just seems so much different than the past. I'm just -- can you say how your vision has changed and how do you judge the effectiveness, you mentioned churn, is there anything else we should look for and over what period of time?  And for NBCUniversal, I obviously fulfillment part is just amazing, I dont even know what adjective to use, but as an outsider it seems like Parks just seems too obvious that theres a long runway. So maybe you can just review some of the attractions and hotel plans that you have in film, is there anything that youre doing differently how will this perform if you look at it from now?
Brian L. Roberts: So, let me Neil feel free to weigh in but Ill take it -- let me say first of all thank you Jessica for the kind words. So the Cable customer experience is a mind shift, a cultural shift. It is quite sincere. Weve talked about it over the years why now. I think the opportunity to focus on it more, the technology can be your friend and self-help and using apps and like the TechTracker and being able to self-diagnose, reset your modems and things that we have on the runway, were very pleased with the team we were building around that and were taking that innovation culture which really kicked in using the cloud for X1, and were going to try and to do the same thing around the customer experience. I think it starts with all employees, were retraining all employees, starting with myself and right on through the entire company, where were experiencing the opportunity to re-look at everything from the customers, not from the companys perspective.  Were using all sorts of new incentives. So I think you should be paying attention to churn. I think you should be paying attention to the quality of the customer. The customer lifetime value is a big area that were focused on and we are excited by X1 and were excited by accelerating that into the future. Were up to 30,000 a day, as I mentioned. Thats a lot but we think we can do even more and then the customer has that much better remote control, the voice remote is getting rave reviews from people who use it. Were putting 6 million of those out this year, Wi-Fi, its the whole experience. So I dont want to go on too long. Steve, about Theme Parks and film?
Stephen B. Burke: So obviously the headline from the NBCUniversal side of the company of the quarter was film but in many ways Theme Parks had as good or even better quarter than the film business. So our total operating cash flow for Theme Parks grew about 45% which Ive never seen. I mean thats just a huge-huge number for a business this size. Five years ago we made about $400 million in the Theme Park business. We probably added a $1 billion to that. This years results are probably over a $1 billion higher than that 400 million. The year is not over but the way were tracking and we see this as a major growth driver for the company for five, 10, 15, 20 years.  We're basically adding more attractions than we had historically added. We just did a year ago we did Harry Potter 2 Diagon Alley in Orlando, which has fueled a lot of the growth there. We have Harry Potter coming to Hollywood next spring, which I think is going to be a tremendous sea change, about how people think about that park in the Los Angeles market.  So basically on both coasts about one major new attraction a year. We have King Kong coming next year in Florida which is a fantastic creatively a fantastic attraction. We have a big water park coming in 2017. So you will see us on both coasts continue to add. And then we're also adding to our hotel stock. We looked in Florida, when we first got here and we had 2,400 hotel rooms. We did a study as to how many hotel rooms we should have given the strategic importance of keeping people onsite to increase length of stay. At the time we had 2,400 hotels and the study said we could easily digest 10,000. So we've added a couple thousand hotel rooms. We're going to be adding hotels rooms next year and what's happening is we're seeing the combination of better attractions which give people a reason to come and then when they come more hotel rooms which keep people longer. And that kind of attraction is embedded in that kind of growth rate you're seeing. Orlando grew 21% in terms of attendance during the quarter, which is just a phenomenal results and Tom Williams, who runs our theme park business is fantastic, Mark Woodbury is in charge of the creative side of that businesses is doing great things and we havent even talked about China or other parts of the world where we are also very excited about the growth opportunity.  So theme parks when you think of NBCUniversal saw 20% to 25% of our operating cash flow but it's a great global business and we think there's lots of green lights as you look down the highway.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks Jessica. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett: Yes, hi. First Brian let me reiterate what Jessica said, condolences on the passing of your father but also I think it is great to celebrate just what a spectacular thing hes left behind and how many people he touched and so it's nice to remember him. I wanted to ask Neil a question about fiber. AT&T has now made some commitments to significantly expand their footprint. I think you talked about your gigabit pro. Can you talk about how you think about fiber to the home and your Gigabit Pro service versus DOCSIS 3.1 and how the competitive market will shape your thinking in the architecture that you use?
Neil Smit: Well, I think we've completed with both AT&T and Direct for a number of years. We feel very good about our broadband network and then as Brian mentioned in his comments we will be rolling out for market trial DOCSIS 3.1 in Q4. We continue to pull fiber deeper as we roll out our business services network and that strengthens the residential network as well. I think we will be ready to complete our fiber, as we think about new households, we pull fiber directly to the new households, we are in the beginning of the development and we're also pulling fiber to the premise in some of the large MDU complexes. So we feel good about our network going forward, we continue to increase Steve, I think we're -- as we mentioned the numbers were year-to-date the same as the numbers last year and which will get about our ongoing
Craig Moffett: Do you think that your DOCSIS 3.1, I think the industry has talked about Gigabit per second speeds being attainable with DOCSIS 3.1. Is your latest view that is likely to be the case or is that probably or is that potentially too high an expectation?
Brian L. Roberts: I think let me jump in, if I might. Again thank you for the nice comments but I think we have a superior product. When you take the totality of our triple play offerings but a lot of that is broadband, Wi-Fi, the infotainment [ph] Wi-Fi and its important that we continue to have a great network and have superior products, that is core what were about. And DOCSIS 3.1 combined with -- weve now fully encrypted the entire company. So we keep reclaiming bandwidth, we apply it to broadband, we split nodes, we pull fiber deeper, we use DOCSIS 3.1 which will be a quantum leap forward, we believe not just linear and allow you to go to the kind of speeds youre talking about. In fact as you know we have a two gigabit product that were using as our business services, our residential kind of converge in terms of where these fibers go. So this is top of mind. We think we have an exciting roadmap. It doesnt require us to go out and rebuild things, but to continually improve things. Weve increased speeds 13 times and we envision doing that, we hope into the future and remaining in a very, very strong position. But its a competitive market, as weve always said and were learning to compete better all the time and were very prepared to compete into the future.
Craig Moffett: Thanks Brian.
Jason Armstrong: Next question please.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Cusick: Hi, guys. Thanks. Brian I wonder if you could expand on the stream products and how thats going to fit into the business. And youve talked about churn a couple of times, as youve seen churn in the business, has there been any change in the number of people who are leaving for economic versus competitive reasons, and is there any indication that theyre leaving for the over the top competitive products out there? Thanks.
Brian L. Roberts: Look theres a little of everything in the real world, and were dealing in millions of units every quarter. So but I think were encouraged as Neil said by these results and by not just this quarter but by several years where weve had improving results. The stream product is extension of a couple of things. One we have a college product, university product that were very excited about and is doing well, that its attracting to younger consumers. We have a broadband product as I just got finished saying that were extremely proud of and excited by -- have more broadband customers than we do video customers, and what can we do with the mind shift of selling people broadband and then introducing them to video, whether there are university student or someone that wants a different kind of product and maybe not even set-top box but a way to get started with all their mobile devices.  And so I think its were doing couple of markets this year, its not going to be something youre going to see meaningful results from in the near future, but its very exciting to be able to have a range of products and then to have a platform to upsell consumers from, which weve had great results doing this with our Internet plugs and other examples where, when you have that relationship with the consumer. And another thing that our technical teams are excited about and our customer experience team, is this products going to kind of just work. You just got to turn on your device and boom, youre going to be receiving the video, the authentication, all the things weve been talking about and customers -- and we get to chance to start new from a mobile device is going to work faster and easier to introduce people to a relationship with us.  So were using it also to drive some of those improvements on just the onboarding experience and then the ability to upsell in a seamless, frictionless way. So lot of reasons to like the product and its a part of the whole play of just having a range of offerings which is very, very different mindset then where we were several years ago.
Neil Smit: Yeah. Ill just add Brian that this is a great example of how our cloud-based technology is enabling us to innovate at a faster pace and target-specific segments such as you mentioned.
Phil Cusick: Thanks guys.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks Phil. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jain [ph] with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst : Thanks. Ive two questions. First for Mike Cavanagh, obviously youve only been there two months. If you can give us any thoughts about, if there any differences in your philosophical view on capital allocation and the like, a very broad question, if there is any change you think that could be incorporated? And then for Neil, you have a bunch of trials going on, on usage based pricing down south, any color on how thats working, is that something that we can expect to be introduced across the footprint anytime soon, thank you. 
Michael J. Cavanagh: Thanks Vijay, it's Mike. So it's early days as you said, but we will end the year two times leverage. And I think just observations would be that that puts us in a place consistent with what I commented on earlier, want to some financial flexibility in the balance sheet. We'll return $6.75 billion of capital this year through dividends and share buyback, consistent -- both of those numbers consistent with what we said last. And as this company has always done it's been my experience you've got to spend time focused on business plans and what's coming next which we will do over the coming months that will put me in a good position to have a perspective when we come back in the early part of the next year and talk about what we'll do next year and beyond.  But to share some views anyway, I think it's always been and this team in my personal view is that highest priority is to make sure we're giving our businesses all the capital they need to win in the marketplace and grow their businesses, albeit do that profitably. So we'll be very focused on that and that's job number one. Beyond that we'll love to return capital to shareholders as we are doing and have done. And we're going to want to maintain flexibility in the balance sheet to be able to continue making those investments and driving the business the way we want to through economic cycles, through whatever headwinds might come along and maintain some other flexibility to do smart things for the shareholders. 
Brian L. Roberts: Vijay, concerning the usage-based pricing trials, we actually we do have a few trials going on in different markets. The responses have been neutral to slightly positive. We don't have any plans on expanding that to other market/bases anytime too. 
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you. 
Jason Armstrong: Thanks Vijay. Next question please. 
Operator: Next question comes from line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Brett Feldman: Thanks for taking the question. You mentioned earlier some of the investments you're making in customer experience and how that's already starting to payoff and also sounds like you continue to plan on investing in those areas. If you could just help us out from thinking about it from margin standpoint. How much longer do you expect some of these spending initiatives to continue? And then as we look into '16 and beyond, how we come to know that you are getting g a return on those investments. Is it something we should look for to turn, or add to or some other areas in the performance of cable. Thanks. 
Michael J. Cavanagh: Its Mike Cavanagh. I mentioned X1 broadband capacity and gateways business services and customer experience. The customer experience investments is generally a lag times between when we make the investment and when we see the returns. But we are measuring the return on each of our initiatives, a few success points on getting it right the first time. The percent of the customers who are calling and speaking to agents is down 15%. So we're getting things right the first time.  And the customers are getting the repeat tech [ph] business within 30 days are down 9%. So our waiting times are down and we're getting it right. It's resulted in a real improvement in customer satisfaction. So we will -- we test each of these investments, we have a test market up in Portland Oregon where we test the initiatives before we extend on a widespread basis. And I think we'll continue to invest and I think we'll continue to see returns. And at the end of the day the right thing to do, we're going to compete on both our products and our service and we want to get our service to be our best product areas. 
Michael J. Angelakis: Yeah and it's Mike. I'll just jump in. You'll see year-to-date our cable margin at 40.2% is up 20 basis points from a year ago and given all that we're all -- stable again to last year. And that's something that's we're proud that we're getting all these things done and maintaining that stability of margins. But view obviously on it's hard to parse, it's all in the numbers. The improvement in service and the quality of the product I think it's all part of which is driving churn and driving lifetime value at customer side. 
Brett Feldman: Great, thank you. 
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Brett. Operator, next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks, I have two questions. The first, your stream product it looks like it's one of the only one actually including live broadcast. Just curious if you're talking to the stations and if so, how those negotiations are going. And then secondly, when we look at the numbers your Q2 video, so much better, your voice I think less than expected. We've always thought that the more products you sell the stickier the subs, that you're focusing a little bit more on double play. How do you know that your subs today are sticky as your subs have been?
Neil Smit: Marci, it's Neil. On the stream product we didn't have to pay any additional programming rights for this product, streams a title six service that's delivered to you, that customers [indiscernible] enabled gateway and it's covered under our existing contracts. It's not an OTC service. Concerning the voice number, we did focus a little bit more on double-play this quarter which also reduced the churn. But it's always a blend of what's the right offer is for the right customer base at any time and kind of as Mike mentioned our double-play customers grew to 69% and our triple-play are also up to 37%. So we are increasing both. It's just a matter of balancing the mix.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Marci. We are almost up on an hour here. So we'll take this last question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you. Just a couple of questions. The first is your -- I think the deal between Comcast and NBC on the return [ph] side comes up next year. Just wanted to figure out how you guys are thinking about it and within the organization how that kind of negotiation happens. And secondly on the stream product given the fact that it's not really an OTP product, is there any implication on the clauses that you guys have with the programmers in general? Thanks.
Brian L. Roberts: Neil, I think I can take that, maybe finish the call. Feel free to jump in if I don't cover it. I don't think that your facts are right on the NBC Comcast timing. But we're not going to go into more detail than that. But I can say that one of the things thats worked really well is how well the company is working together and that's one of the points that I want to end on which is this combined portfolio of incredible companies, first half of the year and the second quarter we couldn't be more pleased, really broad-based results and as we talked a lot about NBCUniversal, but also within cable broadband video results, just really pleased with the start to the year.  I think our innovation in products including stream, but also being able to say that we nearly doubled, now the cash flow with NBCUniversal since the acquisition in 2009 is a terrific achievement and we believe we can lead innovation in the cable industry and do well by content companies and help both work together and that's what we're doing. We're shifting our focus to addition innovation to real focus on the service customer experience, that's going to take years. One of my comments is some of the questions that got asked would be this is going to take a long time to see some of the results but we are going to stay the course.  And I think we feel that the transition with our Chief Financial Officers has gone extremely well and we didn't miss a beat here and we're exciting by Michael's new venture and building value for our shareholder through creative opportunities. But there are priorities to continue to find profitable growth, return capital to shareholder and to keep the company in a strong position in a sustainable way, that has -- we've been doing since Ralph started the company 51 years ago. So thank you all for your support and we'll see in the third quarter.
A - Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Brian, thanks everyone for joining us. Brent, back to you.
Operator: Thank you. There will be a replay available of todays call starting at 12:30 PM Eastern. It will run through Friday July 31st at Midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 60425188. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the companys website beginning at 12.30 PM today. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-04 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason Armstrong - SVP, IR Brian Roberts - Chairman and CEO Michael Angelakis - Vice Chairman and CFO Steve Burke - EVP and CEO, NBCUniversal Neil Smit - EVP, President and CEO, Comcast Cable
Analysts: Reif Cohen with Bank - America Merrill Lynch Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson Phil Cusick - JPMorgan John Hodulik - UBS Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Vijay Jayant - Evercore Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Jason Bazinet - Citi Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Mike McCormack - Jefferies
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Comcasts First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, operator and welcome everyone. Joining me on this mornings call are Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Steve Burke and Neil Smit. Brian and Michael will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to Slide 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks Jason and good morning everyone. Were very excited to tell you about our first quarter which were really pleased with, but Id like to start briefly with two non earning topics. Today, I appreciate everyone adjusting their time of the call because unfortunately a number of us have to attend the funeral of our great friend Larry Smith. As most of you know, Larry was Co-Chief Financial Officer for Comcast nearly 18 years, and when he joined the company, we were a small regional cable company and when he retired, we were the largest cable operator in the country, but he was so much more, his integrity, his passion, his friendship are hard to put into words and are very tough for all of us right now. He meant so much to Philadelphia and non-profits and he also has one of the most spectacular families. So on behalf of all of us at Comcast, we want to celebrate his life and say thank you for a very special man. I also like to say a word on Time Warner Cable. At Comcast, we have great products and technologies, and we were excited about bringing these capabilities to additional cities. The government ultimately didnt see it the same way. Fortunately, we structured the transaction in such a way that avoided unnecessary risk for our shareholders in the event that the regulatory outcome did not go our way. It was equally important to make sure our focus remains squarely on solid execution of our existing businesses which we did. And as you can see in the first quarter, we are off to a terrific start in 2015 with very strong progress at both cable and NBCUniversal. Our Consolidated Operating Cash Flow increased 7.6%; in addition we generated $3.2 billion in free cash flow which is a new quarterly record for the company. We have a number of material growth drivers, many of which accelerated in the quarter. Our performance continues to reinforce our strategy of consistently and prudently investing in new products, technologies, and the customer experience. And so to reflect our confidence, we are today adding $2.5 billion to our existing buyback program for the year. In total, this now represents a plan to repurchase $6.75 billion in our own stock in 2015. So now lets go deeper into first quarter results which demonstrates our great momentum. Starting with Cable, we are responding to a tough competitive environment with real product leadership, including accelerating the rollout of our X1 platform, our Cloud DVR, and offering the fastest internet speeds. Our strategy is clearly resonating. In the first quarter, we added 199,000 customer relationships, a 61% improvement from the prior year. At the same time, we increased our revenue per customer relationship by a healthy 4.7%. At Business Services, we once again saw over a 20% growth in revenue. Our products are constantly improving as we invest in our network, the best platform, the most robust content line up, and as we transform customer service. In Broadband, we recently launched a symmetrical 2 gig service for residential customers who demand the absolute faster speeds in the market. Were also testing DOCSIS 3.1 and expect to begin rolling it out in 2016. Meanwhile, recent studies confirm that the XFINITY Wireless Gateway continues to be the industrys fastest device delivering speeds of more than 700 megabits. Added all together, the result is a terrific proposition for our customers which was demonstrated once again by an industry leading 407,000 broadband net adds in the first quarter. In terms of our platform and content, the reaction to X1 from customers continues to be fantastic as we scale the deployment resulting in lower churn, more outlets connected, and an increase in overall viewership. We are so pleased with this product and our focus is to get it into more of our customers homes, and so weve accelerated the rollout again this year and we look forward to realizing these benefits across a larger percentage of our subscriber base. We are also transforming customer service. So all told, our cable business had a great first quarter and Neil and his team have built a foundation for a very strong 2015 and beyond. A number of us are on our way to Chicago for the INTX Convention, and there you will see a number of exciting announcements, many of which around customer service and innovation. Over to NBCUniversal, Steve and the team delivered another set of excellent results, first quarter operating cash flow increased by 14%. Our Cable networks continued to deliver the majority of the operating cash flow with NBCUniversal while parks, broadcast, and film are driving great growth in the business each having an outstanding quarter. Were excited about the progress weve made at Broadcast with some notable highlights in the first quarter. Super Bowl XLIX, which aired on NBC was the most watched television program in the U.S. history and the highest rated Super Bowl since 1986. SNLs 40th anniversary special was NBCs most watched prime time entertainment special in more than 10 years, and the Voice continues to rank as the top 5 rated broadcast show. The turnaround has really taken hold, and weve sustained the momentum as NBC remains number one in primetime for key demos. Film turned in a terrific performance, thanks in large part to the tremendous success of Fifty Shades of Grey which had the highest worldwide opening in history for any R-rated film. As we turn our attention forward, we are excited by the fast start in the second quarter with Furious 7 setting records as the first Universal film to ever reach over $1 billion in worldwide box office during its first run. And there is more to come with the large film slates still ahead for the balance of the year. But the biggest highlight of all may have been at the Theme Parks where among other drivers the continued enormous success of our new Harry Potter attractions in Orlando contribute to over 50% growth in operating cash flow in the first quarter. Notably, to experience the full breadth of attractions in both our parks in Orlando, Universal Studios Florida, and Islands of Adventure, nearly 80% of visitors chose the higher value Park to Park tickets. Additionally, sales of season passes were at an all-time high. Finally, our diversified cable networks remain our largest source of operating cash flow at NBCUniversal and operating cash flow increased again this quarter. Highlights were in sports and CNBC which continues to see a big pick up in primetimes ratings as well as at E! where the Royals is the number two rated new cable drama in cable TV this year. Turning our attention to the new venture we recently announced establishing a strategic company with the management team led by Michael Angelakis that will focus on investing and operating growth companies. We did this in such a way that allows us to invest in opportunities that can be important drivers of strategic and financial value creation for our company. I am personally excited for Michael and look forward to what this will bring for Comcast. Were currently engaged in the search for a new Chief Financial Officer and while these are big shoes to fill, I have complete confidence that we will find an incredible replacement. We fully expect that there will be a smooth transition as Michael moves into his new role and a new CFO comes on board. All together, this is an exciting time at Comcast as we have such a great company and exceptional set of assets and a team that has consistently delivered including this first quarter strong operating performance. Michael?
Michael Angelakis: Good morning everyone, and thank you Brian. We are off to a terrific start in 2015 with solid financial results across the company which demonstrated a consistent focus on execution and profitable growth and on the fundamental strength in our businesses. Let me begin by briefly reviewing our consolidated financial results on slide 4. First quarter consolidated revenue increased 2.6% to $17.9 billion. For comparison purposes, if we exclude the $376 million of revenue generated by the Super Bowl this year as well as the $1.1 billion of revenue generated by the Sochi Olympics in the first quarter of last year consolidated revenue increased a healthy 7.2% reflecting strong organic growth in our cable business and an exceptional performance at NBCUniversal. Consolidated operating cash flow increased 7.6% to $6 billion, however when we exclude the Time Warner Cable and charter transaction related cost in both the first quarter of this year and last year our consolidated operating cash flow grew a very strong 9%. Free cash flow generation was also healthy for the first quarter with an increase of 12.7% to $3.2 billion and a free cash flow per share increase of 16.8% to $1.25 per share in the quarter. This growth was primarily driven by increased operating cash flow and improvements in working capital which were partially offset by higher capital investments. Earnings per share for the first quarter increased 14.1% to $0.81 per share versus $0.71 per share in the first quarter of last year; again for a clear comparison when you exclude gains on sales and acquisition related items our normalized EPS increased a solid 16.2% to $0.79 per share. Now, lets review the results of our individual businesses starting with Cable Communications on Slide 5. Our Cable Communications segment continues to focus and execute well and we are pleased with our first quarter performance of strong revenue and operating cash flow growth along with solid customer metrics. Cable Communications revenue increased 6.3% to $11.4 billion reflecting strong growth and high speed data, solid growth in video and continued strength in business services. As more and more customers take multiple services, total revenue per customer relationship and our total number of customer relationships are two critical metrics that were used to evaluate our progress and improvements. Our objective is to focus on profitable growth by striking the right balance between financial growth and customer growth and we believe we delivered on this balance during the first quarter. Total revenue per customer relationship was $140 per month in the first quarter, a 4.7% increase that reflects a higher contribution from business services, customers upgrading to higher levels of service, customer subscribing to additional products and rate adjustments. As Brian mentioned, we increased total customer relationships by 199,000 in the first quarter. We continue to focus on bundling our products to provide the most value to our customers. At the end of the first quarter, 69% of our customers took at least two products and 37% took three products compared to 36% at the end of last years first quarter. Moving on to the individual product results. In the first quarter we lost 8000 video customers. This reflects a difficult comparison to the first quarter of 2014 when our Internet Plus offering was relatively new as well as a competitive environment that has expanded and intensified. While competition pressure connects this quarter, we are encouraged by the trends we see in the overall video business which includes lower churn and outstanding X1 results. Our X1 net adds continue to accelerate more than doubling compared to last years first quarter and accounted for nearly half of our video connects. X1 customers now represent more than 25% of our triple play base. In high speed internet, we again delivered impressive subscriber results adding407,000 new customers in the first quarter, an increase of 6% year-over-year and the best result in the past two years. We continue to gain share as we differentiate our product with speed enhancements as well as the fastest in-home Wi-Fi with our advanced wireless gateways. Approximately 65% of our residential high speed data customers now have one of our new wireless gateways. In addition, voice remains a valuable component of the bundle as our voice customer base grew by 77,000 in the first quarter. This reduction in voice net additions reflected excellent availability that was mainly focussed on triple play customers in the first quarter of 2014 making for a somewhat difficult comparison. As we look at our service categories, we reported strong video revenue growth of 3% in the first quarter, the highest rate of growth in two years. This growth reflects an increasing number of customers taking advance services and rate adjustments. As I noted previously, we have been focussed on striking the right balance between customer growth and financial growth and this clearly is demonstrated in these results. High speed internet continue to fuel cable revenue growth in the quarter with revenue increasing 10.7% the strongest rate of growth in over four years, driven by continued growth in our customer base, rate adjustments and increasing number of customers taking higher speed services. At the end of the quarter, 68% of our residential high speed internet customers received at least 50 megabit service. Voice revenue declined 1.5% in the first quarter as growth in our customer base was offset by a modest decline in ARPU. Moving onto business services, first quarter revenue grew 21.4% to over $1.1 billion making again the second largest contributor to cable revenue growth. Not only did the revenue growth rate accelerate sequentially but the absolute dollar growth we delivered in the first quarter is the highest in the businesses history. Our performance in the small end of the market was especially strong with growth driven by an expanding customer base and rate adjustments. At the same time the contribution from the mid-sized businesses continues to increase. There was clearly tremendous opportunity here for our company as we have captured approximately a 25% share of the small end of the market and less than a 10% share of the mid sized business segment. Cable advertising revenue decreased 0.7% during the first quarter reflecting lower, political revenue. Excluding the political revenue, our core cable advertising increased 1.3% for the quarter. Please refer to Slide 6. First quarter Cable Communications operating cash flow increased 6.2% to $4.7 billion, reflecting a consistent margin of 40.9% compared to last year. This is terrific financial performance as we effectively manage higher programming cost and increasing advertising, marketing and promotional expenses and additional expenses to support the accelerated deployment of X1, and Cloud DVR to our customers. Programming expenses increased 7.8% in the first quarter driven by increases in retransmission consent fees and higher sports programming costs. We also continued to increase the amount of content we provide to our customer across all our multiple platforms. As I mentioned before, we expect full year programming expense to grow at a similar level to 2014s growth of about 8%. In addition, advertising, marketing and promotional expenses increased 10.9% for the first quarter reflecting higher overall media spend and continued investment to more effectively target customers and enhance our competitive position in both our residential and commercial businesses. We remain very focussed on expense management and believe that we can continue to effectively offset these increased expenses with an improving product mix as we add more high speed data and business services customers and upgrade existing customers to higher levels of service as well as implement modest rate adjustments. So, our cable communications business has lots of opportunities and is performing well, both financially and operationally. The teams focus is exactly where it should be on improving the customer experience, having best in class innovative products and continue to deliver strong financial and customer results. Now lets move on to NBCUniversals results which are presented on Slide 7. For the first quarter of 2015, NBCUniversal revenue decreased 4% reflecting a difficult revenue comparison with the Sochi Olympics in the first quarter of last year. However, excluding any impact from the Olympics as well as the $376 million of revenue generated by the Super Bowl this year, revenue increased a strong 7.9%. NBCUniversals first quarter operating cash flow increased 14% reflecting great results at Broadcast including a profitable Super Bowl and impressive growth at the Theme Parks. Now lets review the individual business segments at NBCUniversal. For the first quarter Cable Networks generated revenue of 2.4 billion, a decrease of 5.9% compared to the first quarter of 2014, again due to difficult comparison with the Olympics last year  Excluding the Olympics, revenue increased 4.9% driven by a 4.8% increase in distribution revenue and a 4.3% increase in advertising revenues. While we continue to invest in sports rights and original programming, cable networks operating cash flow was relatively flat at $898 million in the quarter as lower revenues were offset by lower operating expenses which reflect the absence of programming and production cost associated with Olympics in 2014. In the Broadcast Television segment, the success of the Sochi Olympics last year drove a difficult comparison again and as a result revenue decreased 14.2% to $2.2 billion in the first quarter. This was partially offset by a very successful Super Bowl this year which contributed $376 million of revenue. Excluding the impact of both the Olympics and Super Bowl, Broadcast revenue increased 5.5% reflecting a 5.5% increase in advertising and higher retransmission consent fees. Importantly, Broadcast operating cash flow increased 48.9% to $182 million for the first quarter. Filmed Entertainment is also off to a strong start in 2015. First quarter revenue increased 17% to $1.4 billion as content licensing revenue increased 15.7% reflecting strong titles such as Ted and Bourne Legacy entering the free TV window and home entertainment revenue increased 3.6% driven by a larger number of films available compared to last year. In addition, despite three fewer releases this quarter, theatrical revenue only declined by 1.3% due to the successful box office performance of Fifty Shades of Grey. As a result, film operating cash flow increased 1.7% to $293 million reflecting the higher revenue partially offset by increased marketing cost that support the highly successful premier of Furious 7 in early April. Our Theme Parks had another remarkable quarter as revenue grew 33.7% to $651 million and operating cash flow increased 54.6% to $263 million reflecting higher guest attendance and per capita spending at both parks. Orlando is experiencing tremendous growth from the continued momentum of Harry Potter Diagon Alley which opened last summer. The increases in attendance per caps in park to park ticket sales have accelerated Orlandos operating cash flow growth. At the same time, Despicable Me attraction continues to drive healthy attendance in per capita increases at the Hollywood Park. Lets move to slide eight to review our consolidated and our segment capital expenditures. Consolidated capital expenditures are tracking to our investment plan and increase 19.2% to $1.7 billion compared to the first quarter of 2014 driven by increased investments at Cable. Cable Communications first quarter capital expenditures increased $300 million or 26.2% to $1.4 billion equal to 12.6% of Cable revenue versus 10.6% in the first quarter of 2014. The increase primarily reflects higher spending on CPE driven by the accelerated deployment of our X1 platform as well additional investment as we launch our cloud based initiatives and our continued investment in network infrastructure to increase our networks capacity. As announced at year-end we expect that for the full year of 2015 Cables capital intensity will increased to approximately 14.5% of Cable revenue compared to 13.9% in 2014 as we plan to continue the aggressive deployment of X1 expand our cloud DBR services, deploy additional wireless gateways to enable our customers to receive fastest in-home Wi-Fi and continue to invest to expand our business services area. All of these initiatives are part of our growth oriented strategy that we expect to generate attractive risk adjusted returns. This is very much evidence by the success we continue to have with our X1 rollout. We accelerated our X1 net additions in the first quarter and as a deployment has expanded the customer benefits we have highlight, continue. More customers are subscribing to DVRs and taking additional outlet. Theres increase VOD usage and we continue to see reduced voluntary churn levels among these customers. First quarter capital expenditures at NBCUniversal decline by $23 million to $268 million primarily reflecting decreased investment and facilities partially offset by increased spending in the Theme Parks as we build new attractions including Harry Potter and the Fast and Furious attractions in Hollywood. As I mentioned, in February we expect that NBCUniversals 2015 capital expenditures remain relatively stable at last years level, with over half directed to our Theme Park segment as the investments we are making in Parks are clearly generating strong returns and drive increased attendance in per capita spending. Now, lets move on to slide nine, please. As I mentioned earlier, consolidated free cash flow increased 12.7% to $3.2 billion in the first quarter reflecting growth in consolidated operating cash and improvements in working capital partially offset by higher capital investment. We are executing on our 2015 financial strategy and increased our return of capital to shareholders by $1.3 billion or 104% in the first quarter to $2.6 billion consisting of share repurchases totaling $2 billion and dividend payments totaling $572 million. And as Brian mentioned today, we are increasing our prior share repurchase plan in 2015 from $4.25 billion to $6.75 billion, combined with a dividend increase of 11% that we announced earlier this year, our total return of capital to shareholders will increase by over 40% in 2015. We came to this conclusion based on the optimism and confidence we have in our business illustrated by the strong results we are reporting today. We remain committed to returning a significant percentage of our free cash flow to our shareholders each year. So let me wrap up by saying we are very pleased with our performance this quarter. Weve had tremendous start to the year with strong operational and financial results that confirm our strategy of consistently and prudently investing in new products, innovative technology and customer experiences across the company at both Cable and at NBCUniversal. We are committed to continuing this momentum and believe our strong portfolio of complementary businesses work well together and leverage each others capabilities and this will continue to generate profitable organic growth and yield positive results. Now let me turn the call over to Jason for Q&A.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks Mike. Brent [ph], lets open up the call for Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Jessica Reif Cohen: One for Brian and one for Steve. Brian, given the extremely disappointing turn of events which subjectively I will just put my two cents in, seems like you guys are being penalized for investing in your network and being successful at that. But regardless, given the current situation, can you give us your top three priorities for the Company at this point from an operational perspective and any comment you may have on strategic direction with or without M&A?
Brian Roberts: What is your Steve for question while I think?
Jessica Reif Cohen: So, for Steve, I guess its kind of two part, the Theme Park numbers, I dont think weve ever seen Theme Park at any Company grow that quickly. So, if you could just maybe highlight what your five-year plan is for the attractions in hotel rooms? And the second part is on the Cable Networks, given the environment which is obviously much tougher than when you bought the company, how youre positioning the Cable Networks, I guess, in two ways, one, if the world goes to skinny bundles, how you are positioning the company for that. And given the upfront next week, how are you guys thinking about approaching the market given the changes in advertising from both problematic buying, from measurement issues, et cetera, et cetera?
Brian Roberts: Okay. Well, theres a lot of stuff in there Jessica. So, let me begin by just saying that of course, were disappointed, but it was a unique kind of one-off situation as we all replay what happened and proud of the company, proud of the effort, but really, really weve moved on. And so, my top three priorities start with execution, and if you look at this quarter, if you look at last year, and I hope we look at the future, it wont always be perfect, but Neil congratulations for really the whole team staying focus in the very trying situation. The announcements that well make at the convention about service, about organic growth, those are the priorities, really X1 what else can it do, how can we roll it faster and get it to more customers. And I look at what Steve, also great quarter, and I think setting us up for record performance in film, and we just cant say enough great things about whats happening in the Theme Park business. But the core television side, you know, we are the upfront coming, advertising. Steve can talk about some of the priorities and details. But if Ive to pick one thing, I would say, is continue to make the experience if you are a Comcast customer better all the time, and thats across the Board. And I think were doing that and have been doing that and we have a real plan to execute in the future. So, in terms of other things that could come along, I believe we have a very special company and so many different businesses. Were always open minded. Weve always been, however, I think extremely disciplined and focused on building shareholder value. And right now, were back to the work and theres nothing that I could think of that we dont have on our plate that Im excited about. Steve.
Steve Burke: So, if you go back to four years ago when we bought the company, the Theme Parks were making about $400 million a year. And right after we showed up Blackstone, we had a buy-sell agreement -- buy-sell situation with Blackstone and we ended up buying out their 50% of the Orlando Parks for about $1 billion. If you move forward to today, this year the Theme Park should do over a $1.3 billion in operating cash flow, were only a third of the way through the year so well see how the rest of the years go, but they are off to a very, very good start, and we see the Theme Parks now is a very big and very important part of our company. There are about 20% -- 20%, 25% of our operating cash flow, and we see many, many years ahead of us of growth. Our strategy is very simple. Were going to invest in greater tractions, probably about one a year at each of our major Theme Park locations. We think we have a fantastic creative group led by Mark Woodbury who  they are coming up with really cutting-edge, great, very modern terrific attractions, and then we are also thinking Orlando that we are significantly under hotel-ed, guests who stay on property, tend to stay. Their length of stay in the Theme Parks increases by a day and we did a study that showed us that we can have many more hotel rooms that we have. So, weve recently opened a lot of hotel rooms, but youll see a very significant hotel build out in Orlando over the next five or so years. And we think if you look at our Company holistically with illumination led by Chris Meledandri making great animated films that can travel to the Theme Parks and all the other things that come out of our movie studio that we have the ability holistically that create great IT, and see that IT go into our Theme Parks and help, drive the future. So Theme Parks I think when we first showed up, were something that came with the rest of the company, and now theyre right at the core of what were all about and we think provide a tremendous growth opportunity.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Jessica, next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead with your question.
Craig Moffett: Good morning. And first, my condolences to Larrys family and everyone there. Can you talk a little bit about two of the biggest opportunities that you had discussed with Time Warner Cable? The opportunity to really approach the enterprise segment and the opportunity to potentially do something with Wireless, how did your plans change now that you dont have the scale associated to TWC and then New York and L.A. markets, so are those still really a nationally addressable opportunities for you or do you scale back and think of them now as more regional opportunities?
Neil Smit: Hi, Craig, its Neil. On the enterprise space weve already begun working with a number of enterprise players in the financial industries and the food industries and number of others. So, we build that capability. Were working with some cable  other cable operators to fill in some of the territory that we dont have to serve the needs of the larger customers but weve got a channel if you were already established. So, we think theres lot of upside opportunity there. In the wireless space, weve been spending a bit building out our Wi-Fi network. Weve got $8.6 million hotspots. We have the MVNO agreements with Sprint and Verizon. We dont have anything to announce right now. Were still working on our wireless strategy and how that will manifest itself, but we feel that Wi-Fi are  its a very strong and powerful assets that we will be looking into the best way to leverage going forward
Craig Moffett: Can you give any kind of time frame around when we might see those opportunities start to show up in the numbers?
Neil Smit: No. I think its pretty mature to do that.
Craig Moffett: All right. Thanks Neil.
Jason Armstrong: Thank, Craig. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Phil Cusick of JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Phil Cusick: Hi, guys. Thanks. I guess focused on the buyback, should we look at the additional $2.5 billion as a catch-up in any way or can we think about this sort of a normal capital return?
Michael Angelakis: Good morning, Phil, its Michael. I really wouldnt look as a catch-up in any way. I think we do this as you know. Annually, we look at where we think the stock price is. What are capital investment plan is? Where we think our leverage is? And I think the $2.5 billion simply reflects a balance of a couple of items. One is, we firmly believe the stock is under valued so therefore having a buyback makes a lot of sense. I think two, we are really have a pretty robust capital investment plan, so the way I look at it is were playing offense. And I would say, number three we are at the high-end of the range with regards to our leverage target. Were coming in approximately at year-end where we think we want to be approximately two times. So when you put all those factors together those are the numbers that we think make sense. And I think well address 2016 next January or February.
Phil Cusick: Thanks Michael.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Phil. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
John Hodulik: Okay. Thanks. Maybe a follow-up to Craig's question for Brian. Given what you heard from the FCC, are swaps, even if they don't increase the footprint of Comcast, off the table at this point? And then secondarily, I think sort of Plan A with Charter, it looked like Comcast may benefit from some spins from a potential Charter Time Warner Cable deal. At this point does it look like any -- that those are impossible as well and any increase of the footprint can't happen at this point? Thank.
Brian Roberts: At this point were not focused on either those two scenarios you just outlined. I dont what is or is not possible each time you go its unique conversation. But right now, I think we like our Companys assets and were dont have any conversations in that regard.
John Hodulik: Okay. If I could just ask a quick follow-up for Neil. In the prepared remarks, you guys talked about increasing competition in the video market. It looks like AT&T has pulled back a bit on the U-verse side. Where is the competition at least from traditional video providers coming from at this point? Thanks
Neil Smit: I think Q1 was fairly aggressive quarter from a discounting perspective. There were number of orders out with gift cards and discount on the triple-play and the double-play that were lower than what weve seen. However, we felt we competed well really what drove our video numbers, the big driver there was improved retention especially we have a non-pay side, so we were better quality customer and retaining them. So, we feel good about video quarter. Highest growth rate in a couple of years and we didnt chase low end subs.
Brian Roberts: And let me just pile on a little bit. Obviously, over the last 12 months, Telcos continue to overbuild us and right now were at about 56% overbuilt by the Telco community. That number was just under 50% 12 months ago. So to put on 199,000 customer relationships and perform the way we did across the board with having increase promotional competition as well as more overbuilt, I think the Cable team just did a great job.
John Hodulik: Thanks, guys.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, John. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Good morning. Brian, could you spend a couple more minutes just talking about the investment company youre forming with Michael inside of Comcast. And since its consolidated, we wont be able to see at least obviously the investments and the return out of the gate, so how do you think about what that company invest in versus Comcast and how do you think about generating returns from that investment. And then I just want to ask the question to Neil on customer segmentation. I think you probably already now past your video sub base with broadband subs and since weer whatever a month and a week past the quarter and you were pretty close at quarter end, how do you think about targeting the broadband only household and then thinking differently about bundles as we move more towards an internet led sort of television world over time?
Steve Burke: Okay. Well, let me start. Im thrilled with the partnership with Michael and well definitely find ways to give reports as it progresses. But if you back to his life before Comcast, the track record was stellar returns for many, many years and projects that are in and around our space but not directly in the center of what Comcast would do by itself. So, we by virtue of relationships or by the nature of things we can do is we see a lot of opportunities that we dont execute on that have prove to be some fantastic returns and some not so fantastic return. If youre looking up to have someone who can build the management team like Mike will, hopefully and I believe with outstanding judgment we will find a way to add to the returns that Comcast is otherwise getting for shareholders. And I think it will create potential for businesses down the road that Comcast may want to own and outright. So, we think we thought that all through. Its been very much part of the structure. We think we have a really great deal for the company side and I think Mike has a chance to now build a fleet entrepreneurial organization that within enviable situation compared to many of its other kinds of companies out there, but I dont think its anything quite like this. So were very excited and wish him incredible success on behalf of all of us.
Neil Smit: On your broadband question, so broadband in fact surpass video in terms of the number subs. Its a less mature market, so we think there is room for growth. We believe were increasing share and the market is growing. We do target HSD to satellite video households where we can use HSD as a foot in the door and that expand the relationship from there. The on-campus product and Internet Plus are examples of where were segmenting the market. On-campus being the college student and Internet Plus being millennials with either -- in case Internet Plus its a relatively high-speed video product with B1 and premium and a the case of the Campus products its streaming service to the dorm room in effect. The other thing Id say about broadband is the Wi-Fi network continues to build out and thats open up opportunities to other products like streaming video to any IP device in the home or to the XFINITY home product. We now have open 500k XFINITY home customers and that business is really starting to catch-up.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks, Neil.
Jason Armstrong: Great. Thanks, Ben. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore. Please go ahead with your question.
Vijay Jayant: Thank you. Just wanted to focus on new competition on the digital front now that you are back to execution on your asset base, can you talk about any aspirations of deploying a virtual MSO nationally or and I think your business and press reports have some branded standalone over the top products that NBC was contemplating? But just sort of with that but also within the ecosystem do you think that you need to repackage some of the ways the product is bundled and how FiOS is trying to do that, is that even legal and just the fact that in both sides of the equation, any thoughts there? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Lets me start if I might, Neil and then kick to you. I dont think we have any news today on any of those matters. I think the ecosystems always evolving. We are really smart people. We have a lot of great assets, but were facilities base company that has proved to be a tremendous business and creates new products all the time. NBC is international assets just constantly looking at how the world is changing and what are opportunities. And then there is relationships that we have with content companies that want to give customers more access on the go, in the home, on new devices and then you have new content players who just want to get their content more broadly seen on new platforms. And I think were doing some of all of those things. And well have more to talk about as we go forward. But right now getting X1 rollout I think is still the best opportunity in the company and in the very short run and thats what were pretty focused on. Neil?
Neil Smit: And I just eco, that the X1 acceleration is core to our plans. We still see voluntary churn rates, 20% to 30% lower VOD buy rates, 20% to 30% higher, higher DVR penetration, more additional outlets. So the ARPU per X1 customers is significantly better than the legacy systems. In terms of over the top we feel as Brian said, very comfortable on our footprint. Weve got lot of penetrations still to go and well be focusing there.
Vijay Jayant: Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Vijay. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Brett Feldman: Thanks for taking the question. Youve come out and stated your opinion that you think Verizons custom TV product is a violation of the programming agreement you have with them and ESPN has taken the extra step of actually suing saying explicitly that theyre not allowed to include the ESPN in programming tiers. And so, my question is that the same problem that you see with the product and then could you just elaborate on what your options are from forcing your contractual rights?
Brian Roberts: Let me start, kick over the Steve. I dont think we have any new statements to make today. I think its  you characterize the situation in the market and well just have to see what each company pursues in their conversations or any actions they make, but I think NBC has put out its own press release, Steve if you want to add to that.
Steve Burke: No. I think youve said it well. Nothing more to say.
Brett Feldman: Thanks for taking the question.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Brett. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Marci Ryvicker: Thanks. I have two. First for Steve, a lot of the diversified companies have restructured the businesses and taken some big write-offs mostly related to programming. I assume that NBCUniversal is in a different position because you have been working on all of this for the past couple of years. So just wanted any commentary or color on how NBCUniversal is positioned at this point? And then the second question is for Brian or Michael, the $4 billion for the new venture, where is that capital coming from? Is it a reallocation of resources or is it coming out of free cash flow? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: So if you look at the activity that has taken place at NBCUniversal over the last four years, weve made major, major changes at all levels of the organization restructuring the company, grouping like business under business heads. And then, once you do that grouping going through and making sure that you eliminate redundancy and inefficiency. If you look at Cable, we now have all of our Cable entertainment under Bonnie Hammer, for example, if you look at ad sales we use to have different ad sales groups for broadcast, cable and digital. They are now all operating under Linda Yaccarino; Mark Lazarus has all of sports. So hes got NBC Sports, NBC Sports Network, Golf, all the regional sports businesses. So, weve put like kind groups together and I think that has a benefit of giving you more sort of management leverage and putting those businesses together realizing synergies, it also sometimes allows you to take costs out of the business because youve got people who are doing essentially the same thing who are know part of a group. So weve done a lot of that and were going to continue to do that. By the way we -- I think are constantly looking at ways to make the business more efficient, but weve done a lot of that already.
Michael Angelakis: And let me just talk about write-offs for a second which I think, Marci, putting a finer point on your question. What constantly evaluating the assets that NBC is producing on the content side and frankly constantly taking some write-downs to the extent that theyre unsuccessful. So its not like we do it every couple of a years. Weve done at right from the start and its sort of a constant evaluation process that companies goes through.
Brian Roberts: And I think the capital allocation question I want to eco what Michael said earlier on the buybacks and our view of the health of Companys financial position. And I think as we look to invest first observation, the $4 billion doesnt go out the door in one day. It can happen any quicker than couple of years without a new conversation, but I think it will be probably even be longer than that. So I dont think its will really have material change to trajectory of how were running the company and I think the way I look at is were planning seeds where future growth accelerators for the company and really optimistic to do that.
Marci Ryvicker: Thank you so much.
Brian Roberts: Thank you, Marci. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Jason Bazinet: I have two questions. One for Mr. Burke. We have been surprised given the strength of the dollar how good the international visitors into Orlando have been. As you look at sort of the patterns down at the parks, do you anticipate the strong dollar becoming a headwind for you in six or nine months? And then second for Mr. Angelakis, should we be de-levering your balance sheet because when I look at the amount of cash flow you have and if I hold your leverage constant given your EBITDA growth, I can't figure out what to do with that cash. I don't know if I should be moving toward the low end like another words 1.5 turns of leverage or what I should be doing with that cash. Maybe it is all related to this new investment company but any color would be helpful? Thank you.
Steve Burke: So the strong dollars obviously effecting any of our  any of the dollars that were brining back to the United States from the movie and television businesses that we distribute around the world and despite the strong dollar weve had the most successful film in our history with Fast and Furious 7 which actually the benefit of which is in the second quarter, not the first quarter, but were currently standing it over a $1.4 billion in Worldwide Box Office and that would be pretty significantly higher if the dollar wasnt so strong. As it relates to Orlando, weve really seen no impact from the strong dollars. Its very difficult to tell because our attendance is up so dramatically when your attendance is up 25%, its basically coming from everywhere including international and weve very, very strong Latin American business and European businesses. So we lap ourselves with Harry Potter this summer and would anticipate that the overage or the increase in attendance to decline, but we dont think that internationals is going to be the kind of drag that is noticeable because were on such run and were sort of growing the overall business and a piece of that is international, but big piece of that is local, domestic and far away domestic as well
Jason Bazinet: Okay.
Michael Angelakis: Jason, Ill take the cash point. I think you know we really dont provide multi-year sort of forecast on where we think cash is going. But the reality is the company is generating cash for providing the vast majority of it back to shareholders in both the form of dividends and buybacks, and we increased the dividend about 11% a few months ago and now we are continuing to increase the buyback pretty significantly. So as we go forward I think that sort of an annual review, the annual review is where do we think, free cash flow is where do we think leverage should be, where do we think our overall dividend and return of capital should be, I really dont see  I really dont see our the investment area that you mentioned having any material impact on return of capital or leverage. We are an A rated credit and I do think now well probably end the year approximately at two times and as we go forward could we you know deleverage just a little bit organically as we have over the last four years, sure, but I dont anticipate any large change or swings.
Jason Bazinet: Thank you very much.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Jason next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar with Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you. Just a couple. The first on now that Title II is the new state of the world, if you can lay out for us how you see that framework affecting broadband pricing going forward or what you can or cannot do with this new framework now? And secondly, given the big base of subscribers that you have on 50 meg or more, how have you seen the consumption patterns change as you have upgraded more and more customers to these higher speeds, are people spending more time on over the top content versus linear? If you can help us that, that would be very useful. Thanks.
Neil Smit: Yes, this is Neil. On Title II, it really hasnt affected the way weve been doing our business or will do our business. We believe in the on open internet and while we dont necessarily agree with the Title II implementation we conduct our business the same way we always have transparency and you know non-paid peering [ph] and things like that. I think how it will emerge remains to be seen. Weve been flexible in our packaging with HSD, weve invested significantly in our capacity and well continue to do so, and that includes both the  wed launch a 2 gigabit speed, 2 gigabit symmetrical speed recently. Were rolling that out across 18 million homes by the end of the year and weve got the fastest in-home Wi-Fi router. So, the broadband in terms of pricing will remain market flexible. We are already balancing rate and volume and packaging in different ways, so it will  at the markets the way I describe it.
Kannan Venkateshwar: And on the consumption patterns in terms in broadband?
Neil Smit: Consumption patterns continue to go up, we increased 40% to 50% of capacity consumption going up with that amount per year and we havent seen a dramatic change in that but well continue to invest, we doubled our capacity every 18 months and we see dont see that flowing down in the near term
Kannan Venkateshwar: All right. Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Brian, well make this be our last question.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Mike McCormack with Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Mike McCormack: Hey guys, thanks. Brian, you might have alluded to it earlier, just thinking about the international piece of NBC, but now that domestically it seems like M&A is probably off of the table, have you given any additional thoughts to international opportunities around that? And then secondly, if maybe Michael can just try to quantify the returns benefit in the quarter for us? Thanks.
Brian Roberts: Wont you start with that Michael.
Michael Angelakis: Yes, Retrans [ph] has been very helpful. I believe the number for 2015 is approximately $500 million. So thats just been a great tailwind for NBCUniversal. I think going back four or five years ago when we acquired the company, the number was in the single digit millions of dollars and now that number is approaching 500, so thats certainly helping and importantly dropping to the bottom line. That was an important factor that weve talked about internally is making sure, that yes were investing significantly and programming across the board but that some of those dollars can increase profitability.
Brian Roberts: Yes let me, again we dont have any new news or even new focus today. I do think as Steve said the international results at NBCUniversal have been really strong and quite of whats helping our growth. So it clearly we now have products, we have opportunities internationally that we never had before buying NBCUniversal Michaels new company is going to have an opportunity to look at things from all over the world. But I think our number one focus and just want to make sure if you hear it is the kind of results that we posted in the first quarter here its staying focused, not taking our eye of the ball, looking at how to accelerate this great X1 experience for customers improving customer service every quarter which we did in the last quarter, but we know we can continue to have a lot of news and talk about that at the cable convention and continuing to you know onboard the great products that weve got in the company and get them to more consumers. So good quarter and thank you to the team for making it happen. Jason.
Jason Armstrong: Yes, thanks Brian. So well wrap up there and again thanks everyone for the flexibility this morning with the time change. Brent [ph], back to you.
Operator: Thank you. There will be a replay available of todays call starting at 12:30 PM Eastern. It will run through Monday May 11th at Midnight Eastern Time. The Dial in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 11175378. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the Companys Website beginning at 12.30 PM today. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason Armstrong - SVP, IR Brian Roberts - Chairman and CEO Michael Angelakis - Vice Chairman and CFO Steve Burke - EVP and CEO, NBCUniversal Neil Smit - EVP, President and CEO, Comcast Cable
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Phil Cusick - JPMorgan Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Vijay Jayant - Evercore ISI Brett Feldman - Goldman Sachs Jason Bazinet - Citi Investment Research Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital Mike McCormack - Jefferies & Company James Ratcliffe - Buckingham Research Group
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Comcasts Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, operator and welcome everyone. Joining me on this mornings call are Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Steve Burke and Neil Smit. Brian and Michael will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to Slide 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks Jason and thank you everyone for joining us today. It's an honor to lead this wonderful company and 2014 was no exception. As you'll see we made very strong progress, last year was a great year strategically, operationally and financially. As our history has shown we take prudent risk and invest for profitable growth. Overall we grew revenue 6.4% in 2014 and operating cash flow by 6.9%. We generated over $8 billion in free cash flow and increased cash returned to shareholders by 64% all-in-all a terrific year. As we review these results and outlook with our Board we made the decision to raise our dividend by 11% marking the seventh consecutive annual increase. We've also increased our stock repurchase authorization to $10 billion and we plan to repurchase $4.25 billion of stock in 2015. In addition following the close of the Time Warner Cable merger and related divesture transactions, we intend to add in excess of $5 billion an incremental buybacks to this share repurchase total. Its an incredible time in media and technology and for Comcast in particular. There is no shortage of change occurring in the competitive landscape, the breakneck pace of innovation and shifts in the regulatory climate we must navigate. Thats why I keep coming back to how proud I am of the teams focus and execution in 2014. So let's talk about some of their achievements. In Cable we had another strong year of profitable growth we increased revenue 5.5% and operating cash flow 5.3%. We added 358,000 customer relationships a 67% improvement compared to the prior year and product innovation continues at a very rapid pace. We believe we have the absolute best products on the market thanks to our X1 platform, our content line up, Cloud DVR, fastest in-home Wi-Fi, voice control remotes and the list goes on. 2014 was a year in which we started to take these great new products to scale. The reaction to X1 from customers has been fantastic resulting in lower churn, more outlets connected and an increase in overall viewership led primarily by higher on-demand and DVR consumption. And it's bearing fruit in our operating results as video subscriber trends were the best in seven years. In broadband we added over 1 million subscribers for the ninth year in a row and now have a Wi-Fi network that includes over 8 million hotspots. In addition Business Services remains a critical and profitable growth driver for us with revenue increasing 22% in 2014 off of a larger base and ending the year at over $4 billion revenue run rate. At NBCUniversal the magnitude of the improvement has exceeded all of our expectations and the acquisition has already proven to be one of the best in our Companys history. Operating cash flow is up about 80% since we first announced the deal and 2014 was another year of strong progress as we grew revenue by 7.5% and operating cash flow by over 18%. In broadcasting we generated over 730 million in operating cash flow which more than doubled year-over-year. The network maintained its number one ranking in Primetime and saw terrific success in The Voice, Blacklist and Sunday Night Football as well as the highly successful launch of the new Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon and of course the Sochi Olympics which spanned our broadcast and cable networks and was highly integrated into our cable technology platforms really demonstrating the unique capabilities of our combined company and were thrilled to have extended our Rights Deal with the International Olympic Committee in a deal that will make NBCUniversal the home to the Olympics through the year 2032. Speaking of cable networks, they remain our largest source of operating cash flow at NBCUniversal and demonstrated another year of growth thanks to a diversified portfolio across sports, news and entertainment. USA and Bravo are both top-10 networks with USA ending the year at number one in total viewers for the ninth year in a row and we successfully launched CNBC Prime. There is no doubt the times are changing for cable networks but we believe our portfolio of channels is well positioned. In film Universal Pictures produced the most profitable results in its over 100 year history on the success of Neighbors, Ride Along, Lucy and Unbroken, amongst others. The team including Jeff Shell, Ron Meyer and Donna Langley has done a terrific job. And last but certainly not least we had a terrific year with our Theme Parks. We grew revenues 17% and accelerated our growth every quarter during the year pacing at nearly 30% in the fourth quarter thanks to the enormous success of our new Harry Potter attractions in Orlando and the tremendous demand for Halloween Horror Nights in both Orlando and Hollywood. Now turning to 2015 and beyond, obviously there has been a lot of discussion around broadband and the regulatory environment. So let me just say that our past comments on the unnecessary risks associated with applying 1930 style regulations to something as dynamic as the Internet remained the same. We are absolutely for a free and open Internet. We even agreed on what President Obama and Chairman Wheeler say should be in the rules, transparency, non-discrimination, no blocking, no throttling and no paid prioritization and weve been consistent in communicating our agreement with those principles. The disagreement boils down to what legal authority the FCC should use to put in place these rules. We think the Title II regulation is antiquated and has real downsides so our attention just like everyone else is on the actual text to the order, the upcoming vote, the strength of forbearance and ultimately the commissions focus on preservation of incentives for the private sector to continue to invest aggressively in broadband. Lets not lose sight of the fact that Comcast NBCUniversal is a wonderfully dynamic and diversified company, uniquely positioned at the intersection of media and technology, and were up to a good start in 2015. In cable we are aligned around a few critical top priorities, the first is to transform the customer experience. In short we want customer service to be our best product. We have not always lived up to that. But if we can reinvent and improve customer service we can make it easier for our customers to experience what we are confident is the best platform and the best content on the fastest network. We will continue to push the pace of innovation in cable and we will also remain focused on preparation for the integration of Time Warner Cable. Were excited about the merger and our ability to add value to customers and shareholders through the acquisition. Our integration planning is on schedule as we continue to work towards regulatory approval. At NBCUniversal, we feel great about our media portfolio. In broadcast, were off to a strong start most recently airing the super bowl to the highest ratings in history NSLs amazing 40th celebration were excited about several new launches including A. D. and Odyssey on NBC and Dig and Royals on our cable networks as well as the return of NASCAR. Our 2015 film slate is off to a terrific start with Fifty Shades of Grey and the rest of the year is packed with exciting releases including Fast 7, Minions, Jurassic World, Pitch Perfect 2 and Ted 2 just to name some. Impart the new attraction pipeline is robust especially in Hollywood with Fast and Furious and Harry Potter. We are continuing our work on a very large Theme Park in China. So altogether this is an exciting time at Comcast and were looking forward to another great year. Michael?
Michael Angelakis: Thank you Brian and good morning everyone. As you can see form our results 2014 was a year of outstanding financial and strategic performance for the company and we are very pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results which demonstrate consistent execution, a focus on profitable growth and the fundamental strength of our businesses. Let's review our performance for 2014 in more detail and begin with our consolidated financial results on Slide 4. For the full year consolidated revenue increased 6.4% to 68.8 billion and operating cash flow increased 6.9% to 22.9 billion reflecting healthy organic growth in both our cable and NBCUniversal businesses. For comparison purposes when you exclude the 1.1 billion of revenue and 105 million of operating cash flow generated by the Sochi Olympics in the first quarter the 237 million of year-to-date transaction-related expenses and the pension termination cost in 2013 our consolidated revenue increased a healthy 4.7% and our consolidated operating cash flow grew 7.2%. For the full year our earnings per share increased 25% to $3.20 per share. However excluding adjustments our earnings per share increased 18.6% to $2.93 per share. Free cash flow for 2014 modestly decreased 3.8% to 8.2 billion and free cash flow per share decreased 2.2% to $3.12 per share. As our growth in consolidated operating cash flow was offset by increased capital investment and cash taxes as well as increased working capital related to additional spending for our film and TV production, now let's review the results of our individual businesses starting with Cable Communications on Slide 5. Cable Communications delivered another year of strong financial results in customer metrics. Revenue increased 6.1% in the fourth quarter and grew 5.5% for the full year to 44.1 billion reflecting solid growth in our Residential business driven by strong high-speed data results, continued strength in Business Services and higher advertising revenue fueled by political spending. Total revenue per customer relationship and our total number of customer relationships are two important metrics that we use to evaluate our business and we are pleased with the positive trend in our results. Our objective is to focus on profitable growth by striking the right balance between financial growth and customer growth and 2014 was no exception. Total revenue per customer relationship reached $140 per month in the fourth quarter a nearly 5% increase that reflects a higher contribution from Business Services customers upgrading to higher levels of service, customer subscribing to additional products and rate adjustments. During the year we increased customer relationships by 358,000 a 67% improvement over the additions in 2013 and bringing our total number of customer relationships to more than 27 million. We also continue to focus on bundling our products to provide the most value to our customers. At year-end 69% of our customers subscribed to two or more products and 37% subscribed to three products compared to 35% at year-end last year. We have an intensified focus on customer retention, growing our customer relationships and driving our value-added bundling strategy and our results reflect these approaches. With the assistance of our best-in-class X1 platform and industry-leading TV everywhere and on-demand services we continued our positive momentum with our video product. During the fourth quarter we added 6,000 video customers the third time we have gained video customers in the last five quarters. For the full year we reduced video losses by 27% to 194,000 the best result in seven years and during a period where the competitive environment has greatly expanded and intensified. In high-speed Internet we added 375,000 new customers in the fourth quarter and 1.3 million for the full year, the ninth year in a row that we've added more than 1 million high-speed Internet customers. Our investments in our network and CPE are proving successful as our customers are recognizing the value we offer with speed enhancements, the fastest in-home Wi-Fi and our growing Wi-Fi footprint. Voice also remains a valuable component of the bundle and we continue to grow our voice customer base adding 123,000 new customers in the fourth quarter and 470,000 for the full year. The slowdown in voice net additions reflected the X1 availability that was specifically focused on triple play in 2013 making for a somewhat difficult comparison. In reviewing our product categories in more detail, video revenue increased 1.2% for the full year reflecting modest rate adjustments and an increasing number of customers subscribing to event services. High speed Internet revenue increased 9.5% for the year reflecting continued growth in our customer base, rate adjustments and an increasing number of customers taking higher speed services. At year-end 58% of our residential high speed Internet customers received speeds of at least 50 megabits a meaningful increase compared to 2013. With regard to voice revenue increased 0.4% for the full year as growth in the customer base was largely offset by a modest decline in ARPU. Business Services was again a large contributor to cable revenue growth with revenue increasing 21.9% for the full year to $4 billion. The majority of that revenue is generated by small businesses with less than 20 employees, but the contribution from mid-sized businesses is rapidly increasing and accounted for nearly 40% of business services revenue growth for the year. Business Services continues to have positive momentum and represents a large and attractive opportunity for the Company. As I mentioned previously cable advertising also performed well as fourth quarter revenue increased 18.9% and full year revenue increased 11.5% including political revenue of 110 million in the fourth quarter and 224 million for the full year. Excluding the impact from political core cable advertising revenue increased 4.4% during the quarter and 3.5% for the full year. Please refer to Slide 6. Full year 2014 Cable Communications operating cash flow increased 5.3% to 18.1 billion, resulting in a stable margin of 41% as we continue to effectively manage higher programming cost and absorbed additional expenses to support an accelerated deployment of X1, Cloud DVR and wireless gateways to our customers, as well as a continued investment in new business areas. Programming expenses increased 7.8% slightly below our original estimates but nonetheless reflecting meaningful increases in retransmission consent fees, higher sports programming costs and step-ups for certain long-term agreements. As we look to 2015 we expect program expense to grow at a similar level to 2014s growth driven by continued increases in retransmission consent fees and higher sports programming cost. In addition we continue to be very proactive in expanding our rights for our On Demand and TV Everywhere platforms. We believe we are leading the industry by offering the most robust on-demand and TV Everywhere services providing us with a meaningful competitive advantage. We once again believe that we have appropriately planned for these program expense increases in 2015 and are confident we can effectively offset these costs. As a result we expect to maintain relatively stable margins during 2015. To wrap-up the Cable segment, our growth and overall performance in 2014 clearly demonstrates that we are executing well and competing effectively with our innovative products and services that provide a great value to our customers. We are focused on improving the customer experience, having a best-in-class innovative product, and continuing to deliver strong financial and customer results. Now lets move on to NBCUniversals results which are highlighted on Slide 7. NBCUniversal delivered impressive results in 2014 as full year revenue increased 7.5% and operating cash flow increased 18.1%. Excluding any impact from the Sochi Olympics NBCUniversal revenue increased 2.9% and operating cash flow grew 15.3% which was driven by strong results at Broadcast Television, Filmed Entertainment and Theme Parks as well as solid results at Cable Networks. Now lets review the individual segments at NBCUniversal. For the full year 2014 Cable Networks generated revenue of 9.6 billion, an increase of 3.9%. Excluding the Olympics revenue increased 1.1% driven by a 4.6% increase in distribution revenue. If adjusted for the closure of the Style Network distribution revenue would have increased 6% for the year. This revenue increase was partially offset by a 3.5% decline in advertising revenue as increases in price and volume were impacted by ratings declines. However when adjusted for the closure of Style and the movement of Fandango from Cable Networks to our Film group the Cable Networks advertising revenue would have essentially been flat. Cable Networks operating cash flow increased 2.5% to 3.6 billion in 2014 and excluding the Olympics operating cash flow increased 2.2% as the increase in distribution revenue and cost controls was offset by advertising pressure and our continued investment in original and sports programming costs. With regards to our Broadcast Television segment, full year 2014 revenue increased 20% to 8.5 billion and operating cash flow increased from 345 million in 2013 to 734 million in 2014 driven by growth in advertising revenue, retransmission consent fees and content licensing revenue. Excluding the impact of the Olympics revenue increased 8.1% and operating cash flow increased 272 million or 78.6%. Advertising revenue increased 4.6% for the full year and 3.1 for the fourth quarter. These results reflect the success of our primetime line up and the higher CPMs we secured during upfronts as well as our impressive performance in late night. Moving to Filmed Entertainment, 2014 revenue decreased 8.2% to 5 billion reflecting a decline in theatrical and home entertainment revenue due to difficult comparisons with the strong performance of Despicable Me 2 in the second half of 2013. Despite the difficult revenue comparisons to last year full year 2014 operating cash flow increased 47.3% to 711 million driven by the very successful 2014 film slate with the majority of the films delivering strong cash-on-cash returns in a successful carryover performance of the 2013 slate. Switching to our Theme Parks segment, 2014 was a terrific year. Full year revenue increased 17.3% to 2.6 billion and operating cash flow grew 16.4% to 1.2 billion. Even more impressive fourth quarter revenue increased 29.9% and operating cash flow grew 37.6% driven by the continued success of Orlandos Harry Potter, Hollywoods Despicable Me and the success of Halloween Horror Nights at both parks. Lets move to Slide 8 to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. We strongly believe that operational excellence and strategic differentiation drive profitable growth and shareholder value, so we have an operating strategy that is execution-focused and a financial strategy that is focused on risk adjusted investment returns. Our strategy support these goals by investing in our businesses with our attractive opportunities maintaining our strong balance sheet and providing consistent and sustainable return of capital to shareholders. Our top priority remains generating strong and sustainable returns by investing in our businesses in both Cable and NBCUniversal we are investing to strengthening our competitive positions and to support attractive organic growth opportunities. As we had planned 2014 capital expenditures were 7.4 billion compared to 6.6 billion in 2013 reflecting increased investments at Cable and slightly higher spending at NBCUniversal. At Cable Communications full year capital expenditures increased 751 million to 6.2 billion equal to 13.9% of Cable revenue and in line with the plan we outlined at the beginning of the year. This increase primarily reflects higher spending on CPE including the deployments of X1, Cloud DVR and wireless gateways, continued investment in network infrastructure to ensure our leadership in video and high speed Internet as well as continued investment to expand business services and launch new services such as XFINITY Home. We are very pleased with the success of the X1 rollout. We have completed year one of a three year plan to roll it out to a majority of our customers and at year-end X1 accounted for nearly half of our video connects. Even as our X1 customer base expands now representing a quarter of our play base the customer benefits we have previously highlighted continue. More customers are subscribing to DVRs in more additional outlets, there is increased video on demand usage and we continue to see reduced voluntary churn levels among these excellent customers. Based on these positive customer results and strong returns we will continue to aggressively deploy X1 in 2015. In addition to X1, we plan to continue the deployment of Cloud DVR to our entire base deploying additional wireless gateways to enable our customers to receive the fastest in-home Wi-Fi and continue to invest to expand business services. As a result our 2015 cable capital investment plan represents a growth oriented strategy that will generate attractive returns it will modestly increase it to approximately 14.5% of cable revenue. At NBCUniversal capital expenditures increased 61 million or 5.3% to 1.2 billion during 2014 primarily reflecting increased investments in Theme Parks. In 2015 NBCUniversals capital investment plan will remain relatively stable at 2014s level with over half directed to our Theme Park segment as we continue to invest in attractions including Harry Potter and the Fast and Furious, attractions in Hollywood and a King Kong attraction in Orlando. Investments in our Theme Parks are clearly generating strong returns as we drive increased attendance and per capita spending. We are transforming our parks into must see destinations and are very enthusiastic about their potential. Please refer to Slide 9, as we have said in the past we remain committed to delivering a consistent and sustainable return of capital to shareholders through a combination of dividends and buybacks. In 2014 weve returned a majority of our free cash flow over 6.5 billion to shareholders including 2.3 billion in dividends and 4.25 billion in share repurchases. Earlier today we announced our 2015 financial strategy including an 11% increase in our dividend to $1 per share on an annualized basis an increase in our stock repurchase program authorization to $10 billion and a plan to repurchase 4.25 billion of our shares consistent with our 2014 share repurchase plan. Our 2015 share repurchase plan includes the remaining 1.25 billion of the 2.5 billion buyback we committed to repurchasing before the close of the Time Warner Cable transaction. Our expectation today is at when the series of transactions with Time Warner Cable and Charter close we will generate additional liquidity. As we have previously stated we are committed to a leverage neutral transaction meaning that any excess capacity that results from the cash proceeds and debt reduction will be returned to shareholders and will be in addition to the 2015 repurchase plan announced today. Our current expectations is at the additional return of capital will be an excess to 5 billion. Now this is an addition to the value of the Greatland Connections and Charter equity distributed in the spin off. We will provide more specific details following the completion of the Time Warner Cable merger and the divesture transactions. In the meantime we are very focused on regulatory approvals we remain optimistic that the deal will close in early 2015. We continue to make great progress with the integration planning of the Time Warner Cable merger and related divesture transactions we remain excited about the opportunities and the value they will create for our customers and our shareholders. In summary 2014 was a successful year for the Company in an environment with plenty of room for distraction our teams across the company remain focused on execution and it shows in the results. As we begin 2015 we are optimistic and feel confident about our ability to execute our financial strength in a positive operating momentum. Now let me turn the call over to Jason for Q&A.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, Michael. Regina, lets open up the call for Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Cohen: I have two questions. The first is an NBCUniversal question. You've had such a stunning turnaround, as Brian mentioned. I was just wondering if Brian or Steve could talk about what some of the biggest levers are over the next three years and have you changed your views at all on cable network upside?
Brian Roberts: So we are very diverse, NBCUniversal is a very diversified company. We are in really 15 different businesses and obviously some of the businesses will be running from a financial point of view and some of the businesses will be not running as much. Right now it's really running are the Theme Parks, broadcast, the movie businesses is on a roll and looks like that roll can continue with a very-very strong slate in 2015. We still think there is a lot of upside we're up our OCF is up something like 75% since we did the deal four years ago and we still believe that we have significant upside and that upside resides in a lot of our businesses. But right now I think one of the big drivers is Theme Parks and Films is a driver as well. In terms of the cable network business I think what we're finding is throughout the entire industry is that the ratings pressure is greater than it was a year or two ago which means it is going be a tougher business to grow we still think it is a growable business very healthy business. You've got a lot of different revenue streams you've got affiliate fees you've got SVOD, you have international, you have other digital businesses in addition to the advertising but whereas that was a double-digit growth business I think it's probably more as single-digit growth business in the future still a good business. But the growth prospects as we mentioned in the last call are unlikely to be as good in the next five years as they've been in the last five. But as a whole we feel very comfortable that NBCUniversal is a segment of Comcast that has tremendous growth potential in the future.
Jessica Reif Cohen: And my second question was just on the buyback. Can you maybe give us a little more color on why -- we understand that you're going to come back with an incremental buyback post the deal, but why no underling increase in 2015? Our estimate is that you will be levered at roughly 1.6 times with the new buyback adjusting for CapEx, the increased CapEx. So how should we think about your views on leverage and why hold back?
Brian Roberts: Well I think our target leverage has not changed for a long time Jessica. We've said we would like our target leverage to be between 1.5 and 2 times and it would take us quite a few years to get to that range. When you look at 2014 we actually increased the buyback by 1.25 billion to deal with the Time Warner Cable side. As we look at '15 we're at 4.25 billion that does include the 1.25 billion. But what we're really looking forward to is getting Time Warner Cable closed and the divesture transactions and we think the buyback for the full year 2015 could come in at close to $10 billion. In addition if we do get Time Warner Cable closed our leverage will pop up it will probably -- because we said this will be leverage neutral transaction which will probably put us in the 2 to 2.1 range which is slightly above what our target has been. So we're really looking at this somewhat as a two staged process for us and thats really what the focus of our buyback has been. In addition from a dividend perspective we looked at it both in terms of our company today and if we are able to get to the merger complete obviously we will issuing some shares and those will have dividends as well. So we feel very good about our return of capital we think it's pretty aggressive for 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Cusick: So given the announcement from Cablevision on Freewheel and recent chatter about Google's plans, I wonder if you can give us updated thoughts on how you think about just Wi-Fi both on the existing business where you are ramping that out, where does that go and then the potential for mobility later over the next couple of years? Thanks.
Brian Roberts: We think Wi-Fi is a great asset. We have 8.3 million hotspots now including the in-home and outdoors. We think we are working on how we monetize that asset and bring it to market. As you know we have MVNO relationships with Sprint and Verizon and the use of Wi-Fi continues to go up about 70% of in-home and office it goes over Wi-Fi. And I think given the recent spectrum auctions, it shows that wireless seeks wired and just from a cost perspective and should we do believe in the asset and we will be working on the ways to bring it to market over the coming months.
Phil Cusick: Can you give us any idea what that might look like versus what is out there today?
Brian Roberts: No, I think we are still assessing possibilities and we will announce when we have got the product well refined and developed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett: Two questions if I could. First, just in terms of timing on the transaction, can you just elaborate on whether you have entered the negotiation phase on conditions with either the DOJ or the FCC or that's just sort of an ongoing dialogue that happens all the time? And then second, if you could just talk about the capital intensity for a minute, Michael. Have you changed your view at all about the long-term capital intensity on the cable side of the business? Charter is moving to a much more set-top box-light model. It sounds like with your capital intensity still rising a little bit that that presumably is not part of your plan. So I just wondered if you could elaborate a little bit on that issue.
Brian Roberts: Why dont I take the CapEx side the reality is I know we call it capital intensity but all CapEx is actually bad CapEx. If you go back to 2012 and look at our capital investment plan compared to 2014 about 75% of that increase is gone into what we call growth capital and that growth capital has just terrific return on invested capital for us. We look at it on a risk adjusted basis, we look at it on CLV, we look at it on just pure cash-on-cash and we are investing pretty heavily in some offensive areas like expanding business services great returns, deploying X1 great returns, putting additional Wi-Fi and wireless gateways as Phil mentioned which have a great returns on their own and I think sees us for different businesses that are attractive going forward. So we really look at where is the capital going, is the capital going to areas that are defensive or are they going to areas that are offensive and have terrific cash-on-cash returns. That being said there are some trends in our favor, we dont give guidance long-term where you could see equipment cost coming down, you could see how the household architecture becomes less expensive but what we are really focused on right now is business services and X1 and a variety of areas that we think have just great cash-on-cash and great growth areas for us going forward. So to go from 13.9% to 14.5% with the vast majority being success oriented and growth oriented, we are pretty excited about making those investments which also has similar aspects to NBC on the Theme Parks we are delighted to make the investments in Theme Parks and the results speak for themselves.
Michael Angelakis: Let me just finish on that with one other thought that I think the hardware cost in household are coming down overtime, we are seeing terrific capability increases, we are putting very capable devices and whats happening is then fantastic response from consumers. In fact when I go to New York and LA people say how fast can I get X1 I wish I had it and that takes me to your second question, your first question which was the regulatory process. And all we can say is pretty much as we have said all along which is they are shot clock at the FCCs due to expire at the end of March lots of information gathering has been taking place and we continue to believe this is an approvable transaction and this week they will be dealing on the open Internet order as everyone knows and hopefully they will be able to turn attention to our transaction right thereafter.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Brian, going back to your comments on Title II, I am curious, some of your telecom competitors have talked about the implications of this regulatory approach to the appetite to invest, how they think about the returns of the business. Maybe for you and Michael, do you see any major implications based on what we know today? I realize we will know more, in theory, in a few days, but based on what we know today, do you think -- does this change how you think about the broadband business return profile or your willingness to spend capital on that business?
Brian Roberts: Look I think and then Michael can comment as well, my view is until we see the order it is premature to speculate obviously my comments I just made about our view that we dont believe Title II was the right answer, but if that is indeed what happens we will have to appropriately adjust and reflect on what the words are, what the specific details are, we are here heartened that there is at least the desire to forbear from things that would be a disincentive to invest but until we see a fine print I think we have to reserve judgment.
Michael Angelakis: The only thing I would add Ben is obviously the uncertainty that Title II may provide I think does provide us with the opportunity for a higher degree of scrutiny on capital and broadband we really as Brian said need to look at the details but there will be some internal scrutiny here in terms of what our investment plans look like with broadband.
Ben Swinburne: And if I could ask just one follow-up, you mentioned customer service I think first as one of your key areas of focus for 2015. Maybe Neil, if you want to comment, what have you seen so far recently on your initiatives there and is that paying off in lower churn? What should we be looking for in the business results in 2015 to say that your investments are paying off?
Neil Smit: Well Ben, were very much focused on the on boarding process where our churn is 2 to 3 times higher the first 90 days and we want to get that experience right for the customer. Were making things more convenient for the customer so we recently announced the UPS deal and I think boxes have then returned now to 90% of their 4,400 stores so the consumers are using that convenience. And were improving the tools that our employees are using so we rolled out Tech Finder weve got a customer effort index where we can look at how many times customers called or had service calls so we have got a lot of efforts going. The good news was in Q3 that our video results were driven primarily by reduced retention and Q4 excuse me and so were seeing retention improving and were going to keep driving the customer experience as our top initiative and it will be our best product.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant: Just continuing on the Title II front, obviously it appears that it is probably going to get challenged legally, so I think some investors are concerned that, as part of concessions on the merger, that you may give up your legal right to challenge that. Is that any risk at all in your thinking? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: I would differ till we see the order but I think we do not want to be different than any other company in the industry and one of the things that weve said from the beginning is that the right place to have a review of broadband even if we dont agree with the outcome of that review in all cases would be to effect all industries and all providers so that are on a level playing field as we go forward. So in our view our business is not in the same geography as Time Warner Cable were in different markets and the right way to look at the business I think is to look at the whole industry and look at all providers.
Vijay Jayant: If I could add one more, please, which is with the new definition allegedly on broadband speeds of 25 by 3, and allegedly the concentration that Comcast pro forma for Time Warner Cable will have, can you talk about does that matter, especially in an environment where the regulators telling you how you are managing that, both at the interconnect and at the customer level. Does concentration matter, in your mind?
Brian Roberts: That is in my understanding of 25 is an aspirational goal its something that we have been fortunate to be investing all these years to bring fantastic broadband I think our results today and for the last several years have shown that that investment pays off and were hoping that when its all said and done there is going to continue to be incentives to want to make new investments and I think our motive had never been for some aggregation benefit actually in the broadband business but rather to continue to give consumers more and better usage. So when you go to the Consumer Electronics Show what you see are Internet of Things, Internet of Devices, you hear all the consumer electronics companies that they make smart devices that attach to intelligence in the cloud and if we can continue to have more bits be demanded by consumers thats a great thing for those of us who are in the business of trying to innovate and build more capacity. And I think thats the aspiration and I think thats what our company has done well and were going to continue investing in that way if were able to.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brett Feldman: I'm going to try to follow-up to what Phil was asking about earlier. I know you are not prepared to roll out what the big wireless strategy is, although it sounds like we will get more color on it later this year. But maybe just bigger picture, as you work on the strategy behind the scenes and assess what the opportunity is, are you ultimately looking at mobility as something that might end up being an attractive feature? Meaning it would be cool if you could mobilize products you already offer. Or are you looking at this more holistically to think that this could be a business and that investors should be thinking more about Comcast getting into a new business, potentially, through mobility?
Brian Roberts: I think it could be either one or both we think its as I said a great asset, clearly the world is becoming more mobile. We have our apps our video apps out in the mobile space and they're getting a lot of usage our My Account app for customer services had 41% of our customer relationships visitors in December. So we view the mobile world expanding as well as we're assessing the business opportunity clearly Wi-Fi is a great asset it's got a lot of carrying capacity and that as Brian just said the more bits that are travelling over a network the more buyable that Wi-Fi network connected to a wired network becomes. So it could be both of what you stated.
Michael Angelakis: The only thing I would add Brett is when you think about all the investment we've made in the Wi-Fi over the years and everything on our Cloud DVR and our TV Everywhere platform. The real goal has been that our customers can access their video any time anywhere whether in the home or outside the home. And we think Wi-Fi is a great delivery mechanism to expand that product. If Wi-Fi can also develop into a different type of service than thats an added benefit to the Wi-Fi investment.
Brett Feldman: And just to clarify is it safe to assume that your CapEx guidance for the year incorporates whatever extent you are investing in the wireless business this year?
Brian Roberts: Thats correct our CapEx guidance includes our Wi-Fi deployment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: Just have a question for Mr. Burke. There is a view on the buy side that because of the measurement issues for cable networks that there may be sort of a catch-up trade in terms of ratings and ad growth. And I just wonder if you could comment on that in the context of your single digit revenue growth rate commentary.
Steve Burke: I think there clearly is room for improvement in terms of measurement. As more and more people watch in more different areas online and often those areas are un-rated. There is also a catch up in terms of monetization to give you an example we think about 70% of the views of Jimmy Fallon and The Tonight Show occur online and that the majority of those views are un-monetized completely un-monetized. So here you have one of the hottest shows on television where 70% of the views are in an area that we dont get credit for it. Thats not going last forever. So clearly there is going to be an improvement that having been said cable ratings are under pressure because there are so many new shows, so many people are watching SVOD, so many people have DVRs there are a whole variety of reasons why cable ratings are under pressure. But I do think at the same time there is reason for cautious optimism that both measurement and monetization is going to get better.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Marci Ryvicker : I have two. The first, it feels like Time Warner Cable is a lot stronger today than when you announced the transaction initially. Is that what you are seeing as you go through your integration process? And then the second question is really for Stephen or Brian. You mentioned a theme park in China. At what point do you start building that out and does that impact the financials?
Brian Roberts: I'll take the Time Warner Cable one I mean I think that the team over there have a plan obviously we diligence that plan a while ago and it appears to us like they're trying to execute that plan. So obviously we dont have as much insight as we would like. We hope they are successful in executing on their plan.
Steve Burke: So in terms of Beijing we're talking many years out. We're talking after 20-20 a park that opens and we havent even completed the final design process and much of our arrangements with Beijing. So I think we're ways before capital becomes anything that you would call material.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Just a couple from my side, the first is on the Wi-Fi side. You guys are in a unique position given that you have broadcast spectrum, especially with the intent to auction coming on next year. So when you look at your Wi-Fi deployment plans and the wireless plans that you have, how much does the spectrum that you own fit into that plan in addition to the MVNO agreement that you have with Verizon and Sprint? And then, secondly, on the dynamic ad insertion front, there has been a lot of conversations about how that will become more important over the course of the year, but is it fair to say that a big part of the back end is actually owned by the cable distributors when it comes to inserting these ads dynamically and how do the economics work for dynamic ad insertion in that case? Thanks.
Brian Roberts: Why dont I take the first one I know we've had a couple questions related to Wi-Fi or wireless and really I dont think this is the point that we would want to be too open with what our wireless plans are going forward. We are investing in Wi-Fi, we think Wi-Fi has many benefits to our customers and we'll be pursuing that whether it can be mobile or how we think about the broadcast spectrum I think thats still very much a work in process in our organization I think we have a lot of work internally to do to appropriately evaluate that. So I dont want to spend too much time on it because from our standpoint we are working through all those issues and technologies internally.
Michael Angelakis: And concerning DAI capabilities the back-end that inserts the ad dynamically was actually built by a cable consortium called Canoe the rates they charge are fairly immaterial because the primary objective was to get it to be used across all the networks. So we currently have the majority of the networks involved in it, and its gone very well and it is kind of found inventory where we can insert as pre post mid roll and we will continue to focus on improving DAI and getting more programming through it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike McCormack with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Mike McCormack: You've talked about margin stability in the cable side as we go into 2015. I am assuming the programming expense offset would be some sort of rate adjustment. Just trying to get a sense for your thoughts on price elasticity, where you might be able to take some price. And then also maybe a comment about AT&T U-verse, it seems that they have been pulling back. Have you seen a change in the competitive landscape? Thanks.
Brian Roberts: I will take those in reverse I think the competitive landscape remains generally the same. There is quite a bit of promotional activity going on but we feel we are very competitive and I think our results show it. And we are competitive in terms of product we are offering as well as the offer itself and we are very focused on the retention end. Concerning the price increases, I think there will be modest price increases in line with previous years. I think in terms of maintaining margin a bigger factor is the mix of products where we get higher mix of business services HSD and those are higher margin products. So we feel we can offset the programming increases by improved mix and modest rate adjustments.
Mike McCormack: I guess, Neil, just thinking about subs in 2015 between DirecTV talking about going negative and maybe U-verse pulling back even though you say it's competitive, what is your view on sub counts as you look out on 2015 for video?
Neil Smit: I think we dont put out numbers on what we project for itself but we will continue to try and balance the sub volume mixture with the rate increases and I think thats the delicate balance we are always trying to maintain which is rate and volume. And we think we are doing a pretty job of it I mean video loss has decreased 27% this year and we are going to keep focusing on balancing rate and volume.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of James Ratcliffe with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
James Ratcliffe: Two if I could. First, can you just update us on thoughts on over-the-top video products and particularly out of your footprint? Even with TWC, you are only going to cover about half the country and if there's interest in potentially exploring the other offerings I think to the other half. And secondly, on Business Services, can you talk about how much of growth is footprint expansion at this point versus increased penetration of the footprint you already have and the customers you already have? Thanks.
Brian Roberts: Neil you want to take or Mike business services for a second for a bit.
Neil Smit: Business services, we dont put out what the mix is of network expansion versus just growth on the network but about we are penetrated about 25% in SMB and 5% in mid market. Mid market growing at a increasing rate relative to SMB and we continue to expand the network as Michael said because its a great investment and then we try and put as many businesses on the network as we can, to get it denser. So overall we will continue investing in business services expansion and continue driving our mid market and SMB.
Michael Angelakis: But as you can imagine its a combination of both James, just probably 18 month ago we had literally zero penetration in the mid sized sector, so we invested in that area. Now we are still pretty small at 5% but growing nicely, so its really a combination of both.
Brian Roberts: On the OTT out of footprint, I think what we have said previously we dont have any new news today which is our focus is in footprint investing in networks, having direct relationship with customers having tens of thousands of people in the field to come to your home and service you and then add devices in your house and grow that relationship over the years. And if you step back in the year 2014 I think we grew cash flow close to 7% as a full company, 18% is NBCUniversal outstanding year over 5%-5.5% at the cable division while as Neil just said increasing customer relationships by 358,000 which is the big increase over 2013. And then when you roll it up financially we have been able to have a 11% dividend increase, $10 billion authorization buyback from the Board, setting us up to continue to the momentum that I think this company has and investing in capital areas where we are excited by the opportunity led principally by business services and the X1 rollout and some of the Theme Parks activity. So all-in-all really pleased, we stay focused good solid strong year and a great beginning to 2015 and thank you all. Jason?
Jason Armstrong: Thanks Brian, with that we will wrap-up todays call. And I want to thank everybody for joining us and Regina back to you.
Operator: There will be a replay available of todays call starting at 12:30 PM Eastern Time. It will run through Tuesday March 3rd at Midnight Eastern Time. The Dial in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 61829285. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the Companys Web site beginning at 12.30 PM today. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason Armstrong - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Brian L. Roberts - Chairman and CEO Michael J. Angelakis - Vice Chairman and CFO Stephen B. Burke - EVP; CEO, NBCUniversal Neil Smit - EVP; President and CEO, Comcast Cable
Analysts: Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch John Hodulik - UBS Phil Cusick - JPMorgan Vijay Jayant - ISI Group Brett Feldman  Goldman Sachs. Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Jason Bazinet - Citi
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcasts Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations; Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone. Joining me on this mornings call are Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Steve Burke and Neil Smit. Brian and Michael will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to Slide two, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts : Thanks Jason and good morning everyone. Our third quarter results continue our optimism and momentum in 2014. Our businesses are well positioned and producing strong financial results. During the third quarter we grew operating cash flow by 7% and increased free cash flow to $2.5 billion. And year-to-date operating cash flow has increased more than 8%. There were several significant achievements across the company. In Cable, we generated solid revenue and operating cash flow growth each of which was over 5%. Highlights include a notable improvement relative to the prior year in both broadband and video subscriber results. In fact, our video subscriber result was the best for the third quarter in seven years and our 315,000 broadband net adds was the best third quarter result in five years. Additionally, strong growth in business services allowed us to surpass a $4 billion annualized revenue run rate in that segment. At NBCUniversal operating cash flow increased over 13% thanks to a continued turnaround in broadcast the opening of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter, Diagon Ali in our Orlando theme park, some good successes in film along with consistently strong cash flow production from our Cable networks. As we look at our key initiatives, that will drive future growth through a number of exciting developments in this quarter. Starting with NBCUniversal, our third quarter results are a great example of how the investments weve made in the businesses are paying off and positioning us well for the future. In broadcast NBC continued its momentum throughout the summer ending the full 2013, 2014 season ranked number one among adults 18 to 49 which was the first full season win weve had in 10 years. Now the new fall season has just begun and NBC is off to another strong start ranked number one in the same demo through the first several weeks of the season. The team has done a great job making NBC vital and profitable once again. In Film, Lucy was the world wide success in the third quarter, infact while 2014 included a smaller slated universal, weve had some great successes as  films so far this year achieved the number one slot at the domestic box office, and we continue to invest for an exciting slate in 2015. With our Cable Networks ratings have been under pressure industry wide as the market continues to be very competitive with more original programming and time shifted viewing than ever before. However, Cable Networks continue to contribute very strong cash flow with NBCUniversal and we have a diverse portfolio of channels with entertainment sports and news. USA was number one Cable Network in the third quarter and is on track to be the most watched Cable Network for the ninth consecutive year in total viewers. Brave and Sci-Fi are now top ten networks as well. And CMBC is the fastest growing network in prime time among adults 18 to 49 and 25 to 54. As we have said before our Cable Networks are generally under monetized compared to our peers, which gives us a strong relative positive for future growth. In Parks, as I mentioned we opened a new Harry Potter attraction in Orlando, which combined with added hotel capacity led to a record summer attendance and a record labor day. The new attraction is off to an amazing start driving double digit per capita growth and a significant lift in premium park-to-park ticket sales. Even more encouraging our guest satisfaction has been overwhelmingly positive with scores well above 90%. Our confidence in the parks has led us to a recent announcement in which we agreed to form partnership in China where over several years we will be developing a park in Beijing. Expect more on this in the future. So Steve Burke and the team at NBCUniversal have made great progress so far in 2014. Turning to Cable communications, Neil Smith and the team once again delivered strong results and in an environment with plenty of room for distraction they clearly remain focused and are executing at a very high level. Consumers viewing and consumption patterns and the competitive landscape are evolving at a very rapid pace as evidenced by the recent announcements over the past week. We understand content companys attempts to look for new ways to grow their businesses. We believe we have been a leader in working with content owners with our development of TV Everywhere, X1, Cloud DVR, light packaging and streaming amongst other things. With our breadth of content right both in and out of the home, and on notable devices along with our investment in new platforms and user interfaces. Comcast Cable is uniquely positioned to continue to innovate and lead this evolution. A good example of this is our new XFINITY on campus product we launched during the third quarter with six schools with several others currently in trial. The service lets college students watch live TV and On Demand content on the IP enabled devices including laptops, tablets and smartphones while on campus. With this younger generation more and more viewing is happening away from the traditional TV set and weve evolved our product and services to better engage with them. At the same time, we continue to aggressively deploy our X1 and Cloud DVR technologies in our broader subscriber base. We believe our X1 operating platform offers customers an unrivaled experience. We recently surpassed 5 million X1 boxes deployed, a significant achievement in a such a short time frame. And now we are rapidly rolling our Cloud DVR which allows customers to stream it download DVR recordings out of the home to any device, as well as stream live TV to any device in the home. In Wi-Fi, we continue to extend our reach. A scale of our efforts in Wi-Fi is attracting new partners in further enhancing its reach and enhance the value that we provide to Comcast subscribers. Weve recently announced an agreement with Liberty Global where subscribers of the two companies will gain access to each others Wi-Fi networks. For Comcast customers, the deal provides access to more than 2.5 million Wi-Fi access points in various countries in Europe. This is a terrific new benefit that we are excited to provide our customers with additional reach and capabilities in the years ahead. Finally, I want to spend a minute on our overall customer experience. Our customers deserve the best experience every time they interact with us. While we have made progress, we need to do a better job in ensuring consistent excellence in our interactions. When the moment of customer orders new service to the installation, to the way we communicate and respond to any issues. Over the last few years weve been incredibly focused on product innovation and delivering great content and technology experiences. So now its time to leverage those capabilities to deliver truly exceptional customer service. The way we interact with our customers on the phone, online, in their homes is just is important to our success as any other products that we provide. Put simply, customer service should be our best product. Thats why Im really pleased with our recent appointment of Charlie Herrin to lead our customer experience initiatives. For those who have not had the opportunity to meet him, Charlie in his most recent role led the design team behind the development of X1 and he spearheaded the companys initiative to deliver a consistent user experience across platforms. Charlie in his team received the 2011 Emmy Award for outstanding achievement for the XFINITY, TV iPad app. A 2013 Emmy Award to the X1 user interface. We are all excited for Charlie in his new role and are committed to improving in this critical area. Let me conclude with some brief comments on our pending acquisition of Time Warner Cable. This is an important and exciting time as we focus on gaining regulatory approval for our transactions. We are very encouraged by the recent shareholders approvals on each side of this transaction as both our and Time Warner Cable shareholders boded overwhelmingly in favor of the merger. Shareholders see it the same way we do. And its opportunity to give customers access to higher broadband speeds, a more extensive content line up and what we believe is the industries best operating platform in X1 and in the process create more value. As I mentioned earlier, there is a lot going on with a lot of opportunities for distraction, but our teams on both sides of the business remained focused and are executing at a very high level and I believe its evident in these results. So let me now pass this to Michael to cover the third quarter results in greater detail.
Michael J. Angelakis: Good morning, and thank you, Brian. Let me begin by briefly reviewing our third quarter consolidated financial results starting on slide four. Overall, we are very pleased with our third quarter performance which reflects consistent execution and sustainable profitable growth. For the third quarter, consolidated revenue increased 4% to $16.8 billion and operating cash flow increased 7% to $5.7 billion, reflecting healthy organic growth in our Cable business and an exceptional performance at NBCUniversal. These results include $77 million of Time Warner and charter transaction related cost during the third quarter of 2014, which is a similar amount to the $74 million of costs associated with the termination of a pension plan in the third quarter of last year. Excluding both of these items, operating cash flow growth would remain at 7%. Year-to-date consolidated revenue increased 6.9% to $51 billion and consolidated operating cash flow increased 8% to $17 billion. However, for compatibility purposes if we exclude $1.1 billion of revenue related to the Olympics in the first quarter, $138 million of year-to-date transaction related cost in the pension termination cost in 2013, our consolidated revenue increased 4.6% and our consolidated operating cash flow increased 8.3%. Earning per share for the third quarter increased 52.3% to $0.99 per share versus $0.65 per share in the prior year, however when you exclude favorable tax adjustments in a transaction related cost I just mentioned our normalized EPS increased 12.3% to $0.73 per share. Year-to-date, our earnings per share increased 33.7% to $2.46 per share versus $1.84 per share in the prior year, again, excluding the tax adjustments gains on sales and acquisition related items our normalized year-to-date earnings per share increased 19.9% to $2.17. Free cash flow for the quarter increased 26.7% to $2.5 billion and free cash flow per share increased 28.4% to $0.95 per share. This growth was primarily driven by increases in consolidated operating cash flow, improvements in working capital and lower cash taxes which were partially offset by increased capital expenditures. For the first nine months of this year, we generated $6.5 billion of free cash flow, a decrease of 8.2% over the same period in 2013. Year-to-date free cash flow per share has declined 6.8% to $2.46 per share. Now lets review the results of our businesses in more detail starting with Cable Communications on slide five. Our Cable Communications business continues to execute well delivering solid financial and customer growth in the third quarter. Cable Communications revenue increased 5.2% to $11 billion driven by continued strength in high speed internet and business services as well as higher advertising revenue due to political spending. Total revenue for customer relationship increased 4.2% to $137 per month reflecting rate adjustments the higher contribution from business services and increasing number of customers taking multiple products. At the end of the quarter, 69% of our customers subscribed to two or more products and 36% subscribed to three products compared to 34% in the third quarter of last year. In addition to solid financial growth, we continue to deliver strong customer metrics. We increased total customer relationships by 82,000 in the third quarter more than three times the net additions versus last years third quarter. Our X1 TV everywhere and On Demand platforms are clearly best-in-class, while X1 is still a relatively small portion of our overall video base its contribution is having a positive impact. Our X1 net adds continue to accelerate and accounted for more than one third of our video connects in the quarter, and we once again reduced our video customer losses. In the third quarter we lost 81,000 video customers, a 36% improvement from last years third quarter and the best third quarter customer result for video in the past seven years. High-speed internet also delivered impressive subscriber results. We added 315,000 new customers during the quarter, an increase of 6% year-over-year and the best third quarter results in five years as we continue to differentiate our product with speed enhancements and the fastest in-home Wi-Fi with our advanced wireless gateways. Over 50% of our high-speed data customers now have one of those new wireless gateways. We also continue to grow our voice customer base this quarter, albeit at a slower rate than last year, adding 68,000 new customers in the quarter. This slow down in net additions was a result as we focus on double play during the back-to-school season as well as X1 availability that was more focused on triple play customers last year making for a difficult comparison. As we review the product categories in more detail, video revenue increased 1% reflecting modest rate adjustments in an increasing number of customers taking advanced services partially offset by a decline in pay-per-view revenue to the results of events compared to last years third quarter. High-speed internet revenue increased 9.6% during the quarter making again the largest contributor to cable revenue growth driven by continued growth in our customer base, rate adjustments and increasing number of customers taking higher speed services. At the end of the quarter, 50% of our residential high speed customers now receive speed of 50-megabits or greater, as we continue to increase the speed included in some of our bundle plans. With regard to voice, revenue decreased 0.5% for the third quarter, as the growth in customer base was offset by a modest decline in ARPU. Moving on to business services, third quarter revenue increased 21% to $1 billion and was again the second largest contributor to cable revenue growth in the quarter. This rate of growth is especially impressive given that business services is now a $4 billion run rate business. The majority of that revenue is generated by small businesses with less than 20 employees, but the contribution from mid-sized businesses is rapidly increasing and have accounted for close to 40% of business services revenue growth in the quarter. Cable advertising revenue increased 12.3% primarily reflecting an increase in political revenue for November's mid term elections. Excluding the impact of political, our core cable advertising increased 3.1%. We expect advertising growth to remain strong in the fourth quarter, again, driven by political revenue given the upcoming elections. Please refer to slide six. Third quarter cable communications operating cash flow increased 5.1% to $4.5 billion, resulting in a stable margin of 40.4% compared to 40.5% in the third quarter of 2013. Included in these results is a legal settlement that negatively impacted operating cash flow and reduced this growth rate by 40 basis points. This is a strong financial performance as we effectively manage higher programming cost, and increasing advertising marketing and promotion expenses and absorbed additional expenses to support the deployment of X1, Cloud DVR and wireless gateways across our footprint, as well as a continued expansion of business services and XFINITY Home. Programming expenses increased 7.1% in the third quarter, slightly below our original estimates, but nonetheless reflecting increases in retransmission consent fees, higher sports programming costs, and step-ups related to certain long-term agreements. We are pleased with the management of these cost year-to-date and while we expect fourth quarter programming expense growth to accelerate, we continue to expect our full year program expenses to increase slightly lower than the 9% to 10% we had forecast at the beginning of the year. In addition, advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased 9.1% for the third quarter, reflecting higher overall media spend and continued investment to more effectively target customers and enhance our competitive position in both our residential and commercial businesses. We continue to experience modest expense growth in our customer service and technical operations as we rapidly deploy X1, Cloud DVR, wireless gateways and XFINITY Home across our base. And as Brian said earlier, we are not only focused on offering the best most innovative products, but we want to support them with a superior customer experience. We are effectively offsetting these increased expenses with an improving product mix as we add more high-speed data in business service customers and upgrade existing customers to higher level of services such as HD DVRs, and faster internet speeds, as well as we implement modest rate adjustments. Overall, our cable groups third quarter and year-to-date results clearly demonstrate that we are executing well and competing effectively with our innovative products and services that provide a great value to our customers. We are focused on improving the customer experience, having best-in-class innovative products and continuing to deliver strong financial and customer results. Now lets move on to NBCUniversals results which are highlighted on slide seven. NBCUniversal has also executed very well, delivering double-digit operating cash flow growth in both the third quarter and on a year-to-date basis. In the third quarter, revenue increased 1.2% and operating cash flow grew 13.3% driven by strong results at Broadcast Television and Theme Parks. Now let's review the individual business segments. For the third quarter cable networks generated revenue of $2.3 billion, an increase of just under 1% driven by a 5.1% increase in distribution revenue. If we adjust for the closure of the Style Network, distribution revenue would have increased 7%. This revenue increase was partially offset by a 4.6% decline in advertising revenue as increases in price and volume were offset by a decline in ratings. When adjusted for the closure of Style and the movement of Fandango from cable networks to our film group, advertising revenue would have declined 1%. Cable networks operating cash flow increased 1.8% to $868 million, reflecting higher revenue, and relatively flat overall expenses. As higher sports programming cost, including our relationship with Philadelphia Phillies and the launch of English Premier League on NBC Sports Network were offset by decreases in marketing and other operating expenses. With regards to our broadcast television segment, third quarter revenue increased 7.7% to $1.8 billion driven advertising revenue growth of 4.4%, increased retransmission consent fees and higher content licensing revenue. The growth in advertising reflects the rating success of our primetime summer lineup on NBC, as well as our continued strong performance in late night. As a result, we finished the summer rank number one, extending our number one status for the entire year. With the first few weeks of the fall broadcast season now behind us, we are all off to a strong start and optimistic about our 2014 and 2015 schedule. Broadcasts third quarter operating cash flow increased $108 million to $142 million reflecting higher revenue and a slight increase in programming expenses.  Moving to filmed entertainment as expected, third quarter revenue declined $213 million or 15.2% to $1.2 billion reflecting a decline in theatrical revenue primarily due to the strong box office performance of Despicable Me 2 in the third quarter of 2013. This was partially offset by an increase in content licensing revenue due to a larger number of strong titles compared to the prior year. Third quarter operating cash flow decreased 20% to $151 as the lower revenue was partially offset by a decrease in the amortization of film cost and reduced advertising, marketing and promotion expense due to a smaller film played. Our Theme Park had a remarkable third quarter as revenue grew 18.7% to $786 million, reflecting higher guest attendance and per capita spending driven by the successful opening of Orlando's Harry Potter Diagon Alley on July 8. We are off to a strong start with record attendance levels per capita increases, the significant lift in park to park ticket sales. In Hollywood the April opening of the Despicable Me Ride continues to drive strong attendance and also per capita increases. Third quarter operating cash flow increased 16.9% to $402 million reflecting higher revenue, and an increasing operating cost to support the new attractions.  Lets move to slide eight to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. In the third quarter, capital expenditures continue to track our plan and increased 13% to $2 billion compared to the third quarter of 2013 driven primarily by increased investments at cable and a modest increase at NBCUniversal. At cable communications, third quarter capital expenditures increased $212 million or 14.8% to $1.6 billion, equal to 14.9% of cable revenue versus 13.6% in the third quarter of last year. The increase primarily reflects additional investment as we launched our Cloud base initiatives higher spending on CPE, as continue to deploy the X1 platform in Cloud DVR as well as our continued investments in network infrastructure to increase our network capacity. Year-to-date cable communications capital expenditure have increased 13.7% to $4.3 billion representing 13% of cable revenue. We continue to be very pleased with our X1 rollout. We accelerated our X1 net additions in the third quarter compared to the second quarter and recently hit a milestone of having $5 million XI boxes deployed to our customers. As the deployment expands, the customer benefits have continued, more customers subscribe in the DVRs and take an additional outlets, there was an increased video on demand usage and we continue to see reduced churn levels among these customers. As originally planned, we anticipate that cable CapEx spending will accelerate in the fourth quarter and as a result we continue to expect at full year cable capital intensity will increase to approximately 14% of cable revenue compared to 12.9% in 2013. Third quarter capital expenditures at NBCUniversal increased only a $11 million to $295 million, primarily reflecting increased investments in Theme Parks as we continue investing in new attractions, including the completion of Harry Potter in Orlando and the ongoing development of Harry Potter as well as the Fast & Furious attraction in Hollywood. Year-to-date NBCUniversal CapEx has increased $77 million to $884 million. We continue to expect that NBCUniversal's 2014 capital expenditures remain relatively stable compared to 2013s level. Please refer to slide nine. As I mentioned earlier, we generated consolidated free cash flow of $2.5 billion in the third quarter, an increase of 26.7% as growth in consolidated operating cash flow, improvements working capital, and lower cash taxes were partially offset by higher capital expenditures. For the first nine months of the year we generated $6.5 billion in free cash flow, a decrease of 8.2% over the first nine months of 2013 and year-to-date free cash flow per share has decreased 6.8% to $2.46 per share, primarily reflecting increased working capital in the first six months of the year as we increased our production spending in preparation for a larger 2015 film slate. We are executing on our 2014 financial plan and year-to-date we have increased our return of capital to shareholders by 33% to $3.9 billion, including share repurchases totaling $2.3 billion and dividend payments totaling $1.7 billion. Now turning to our acquisition of Time Warner Cable and our related transactions with Charter, we received overwhelming support from our shareholders this month was more then 99% of the votes cast approving our merger with Time Warner Cable. We also have strong momentum at the state and local level, having received consents from more then 90% of the 2500 plus franchising authorities covering more then 7800 franchise areas and communities. We remained very focused on regulatory approvals, as well as our integration planning. We continue to expect the merger to close in early 2015. As we have mentioned before, we plan to repurchase an additional $2.5 billion of stock before we close the deal and we anticipate that the additional share repurchase will be split between the fourth quarter of 2014 and the close of the deal in early 2015. Overall, we are very pleased with the operational and the financial progress we have made during the first nine months of 2014. And we are focused on continuing this momentum. We believe our strong focus on execution will continue to generate profitable organic growth and continue to yield positive results. We are progressing with the integration planning of the Time Warner Cable merger and Charter divestitures. We remain very excited about the opportunities these transactions bring to Comcast and the value they create for our customers and our shareholders. Now let me turn the call over Jason for Q&A.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Michael. Regina, lets open up the call for Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley:  Thank you. Good morning. I have two questions although they are related; Brian as there is obviously lot of focus on Time Warner's announcements last week about an HBO over the top launch. And I dont know if you comment on that specifically and if not, maybe just broadly, philosophically how do you and how does Comcast look at the idea of bringing product to market for your consumers that moves the  the content distribution model outside of what we historically think of as the TV bundle into a maybe more either Internet bundled service or even a direct to consumer model. Is that something you think make sense for the industry for Comcast and its customers, do you view that as being a less elegant solution than X1. And then I had a sort of question on the same lines for Steve around time-shifting and streaming and its seems like we're seeing an acceleration in behavioral shift. Do you have any sense Steve how much leakage in viewer ship you're seeing in comparing the Nielsen ratings to what's actually happening at the customer level, particularly at your cable networks and how do you fix that problem over time?
Brian L. Roberts:  Okay, Ben. Thank you. I think I'll start and maybe give Neil a chance to talk a little bit about your first question then we'll kick it over to Steve. I am going to differ talk about any of the specific announcements. But as I said earlier, I do think its, all companies are trying to figure out how to reach all customers, potential customers and do what's right for their company in their mind. But I do think our existing business model is very strong this quarter, last quarter and probably you know, future quarters will show that many people want these bundles. But we have experimenting with products like and enrolling out Internet plus where we offer our  one of our best broadband's speeds along with a smaller television package along with HBO. We have a campus product that is very exciting which  where you dont get box, its simply a streaming product right from the get go. So I think our  both our innovations department, our network and our existing relationships and our relationship with content companies, you put all together and that puts us in a great position to try to reach many consumers and work with each company and try to find the best answer with their content. Neil?
Neil Smit:  Yeah, I think clearly there is some shifting in the ecosystem and we were focused on targeting every customer segment, as Brian mentioned that we were the first to introduce HBO Internet Plus product targeted at the  in millennials together with HBO. We have a great working relationship with them and I expect that continue. The X1 product actually is driving more linear viewing and we think that also targets everyone, not just millennial group.
Stephen B. Burke:  So Ben, in beginning of your question you mentioned that the HBO product was then over the top product, I actually dont think it is, and I dont think the CBS product is over the top either. If you define over the top sort of coming over the top the existing distributors and going direct and bypassing existing distributors, I think both HBO and CBS are trying to add to their existing ecosystem. And if you think about it HBO probably has the most elegant, economically attractive sort of business model, anybody who is ever been in the television business as be interesting and I think challenging for them to go and try to attract new customers into that ecosystem without cannibalizing the existing customers. The existing customers that are sold through cable and satellite are extremely high margin. So even if they sell at $15 sub, they got to be very  when they go directly to a consumers view the internet, they got to be very careful at cannibalization. It will be interesting to see how that works, but I dont think they are saying we're going over the top of the existing ecosystem, I mean, Time Warner was company that really created TV everywhere. I think CBS is the same thing. CBS is not, I dont think trying to get their existing ecosystem to move over to a new model, they are trying to Mellanious or new customers and I think thats we're all trying to do. And that leads into the second part of your question about time-shifting and leakage. I think the fact of the matter is people have more options to watch quality, professionally produce video then ever before and they are using those options. Whether its DVR, Netflix, Hulu or a variety of other ways to consume this content. A lot of those options are not properly measure; some of those options are not measure at all. And so what you're seeing I think is a pressure on traditional ratings in both broadcast is been going on for a while. But now cable, I think some of that is going to get better, I think there will business models that evolve, some of that we've addressed by selling to Hulu and Netflix and Amazon and we make hundreds and millions of dollars doing that. But I think its going to be more, more and challenging. There was a great article a few months ago where they said that were 88 new television shows launched during the summer and this is in a business that 20 years ago nobody launched a new television show during the summer. So that competition combined with new technology is making it harder and harder to deliver the kind of ratings that we've all been used to.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks a lot
Stephen B. Burke:
 :
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Yeah. Thank you very much.
Stephen B. Burke: Thank you very much.
Brian L. Roberts: Yeah. Thanks, Ben. Operator, next question please?
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson: Hi, thank you. Two questions, I guess both for Neil probably. You know first youve probably heard a lot of people now more openly speculating about a Wi-Fi first retail offering in wireless, can you just update us on your thinking about that? And then second if I could just follow up to the comment that Michael just made about the overbuild and yet the relatively small video losses, can you expand on that a little bit, does that imply that you are actually gaining share in the places where we are just competing against satellite at this point?
Neil Smit : Sure, Craig. On the Wi-Fi first front we continue to extend our Wi-Fi network both in-home and out of home. We have a total of about 5 million hotspots, the majority of those are in-home but we think its a very powerful asset going forward. We are not, we havent clearly identified how to best monetize that asset, but the in-home Wi-Fi usage about half our HSD customers have our high end routers with the highest in-home speeds and they are hiring in more devices everyday and I think they are going to be more connected devices coming and Wi-Fi will be an important aspect of the subscription value. With regards to the video business, I think there were a number of good things that happened this quarter. One is we targeted effectively what really drove the video number was churn reductions and I think we are getting better customers, we are screening them better and I think also we are bundling better. We  as Michael said, we went up 200 basis points on double and triple play churn bundles. And so the video business is strong. X1 continues to pull well, it was about 20% of our triple plays now and about 75% of the triple play net adds this quarter. So and all the metrics around X1 seem to be holding the churn, voluntary churn reductions down about 20%. The DVR purchases are up, the transactional VOD is up 20% so it continues to perform very well.
Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson: Should we assume that most of your losses at this point are due [telco] TV or  net your roughly breakeven or you are better than that against satellite at this point?
Brian L. Roberts:  I think it depends on the market but we are performing well and we feel against both the telcos and satellite players.
Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson: Right. Thank you.
Brian L. Roberts:  Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Also two questions, one NBCU one Cable. On NBCU hoping Steve would comment on either this visit contrast between the broadcasting cable advertising growth, is this all ratings in your view, you mentioned the measurement issues, when does that actually get rid of the measurement of devices and non-linear viewing how much would you attribute this problematic buying some of which obviously will come back and into television and any commentary you can give in terms of share shift within media, some of the money is actually going to digital properties are you seeing a new digital property? So thats the NBCU question.
Stephen B. Burke:  That was actually seven questions, but Ill try to answer them all as one. I think some of it is measurement, you know Nielsen did the sort of put in broadband homes into the denominator and appears to be taking them out now and you know there is some sort of pure math measurement. I think there is also sort of a feeling that its increasingly difficult to particularly when you are looking at demo ratings 18 to 49 thats increasingly difficult to get measurement in upscale young homes. So I think there is always a question about that. But I think the fact of the matter is the next five or ten years in basic entertainment cable as it relates to ratings are going to be much more difficult than the last five to ten years. And as a side of that, thats technology and theres a side of that thats a lot of new shows and the ability to have your required programming your VP programming which many of these cable networks were built on, when you can get those episodes in other places I think those are going to be tougher businesses than they have been. We dont see the advertising number was as it relates to cable was primarily driven by ratings not by CPMs. I do think you are seeing kind of a resurgence of the advertising business as NBC resurges so that explains some of the change there. But our big cable channels particularly when sold as a portfolio are very attractive and very powerful. I just think its unreasonable to assume that the ratings for those businesses are going to grow if you look over a five or ten year period.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: And the digital shifts?
Brian L. Roberts:  You know there is clearly a shift to digital; you cant talk to a marketer or an advertising agency that isnt talking about shifting dollars to digital. I do think to agree the upfront was a little slower for some people. We actually had a very good upfront but for some people it was not so good and the question is, is it tentativeness on the part of the advertisers or a shift to digital. Im in the camp that says it was more tentativeness and keeping flexibility. The fact of the matter is digital cant deliver the same kind of emotional attitude adjusting advertising at a 30 second television spot can and I think a lot of advertisers intellectually want to get the targegability and data driven side of digital but they also realize when they have big product to get out into the market that they need television. So, I think clearly there is a shift to digital, but I think the market is likely to be quite strong and you know the question we always get as is how is scatter? Scatter is just fine. Its steady, and for us because weve had our performance at NBC and sell as a portfolio we are seeing very very fine attractive steady trends in the scatter market.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Great. And then on the Cable question, is just like as I follow up on some of XFINITY comment, you mentioned 5 million set top boxes now, can you talk about where you might be a year from now and you know what are you seeing in terms of usage, is that linear viewing is up, what do you think overall usage and is there a difference in ARPU you already said churn is lower 20% better, but what are the statistics, are you finding from XFINITY?
Neil Smit:  What we said publicly is that we will have the X1 boxes to the majority of our customers within three years. And we are I think we are right on track. In terms of the performance date the X1 customers do have a higher ARPU and they have a higher ARPU for three reasons. One is the VOD buys are great or 20% higher, two is they get almost two times the number of DDRs than the average customer and three is they have more additional outlets, that they are getting, they want to use the system more its getting more usage. We are seeing more viewing both in linear and On Demand, and I think thats just because we are making it easier to discover and find that the content. I think that you know we are going to continue to see good results. We continue to refine the product and I havent seen any slowdown in the performance metrics.
Brian L. Roberts:  The only thing I would add is when you look at the triple play sort of the customer life time value of an X1 triple play, obviously given what Neil just said in the low and the reduced churn we do have a pretty done good return on that investment of X1 and we have an improvement in the CLV.
Neil Smit: And weve opened up the availability from both from the triple play and now double play customers and in retention, so as a wider audience has it available.
Stephen B. Burke: Just to state the obvious, were very pleased with how stable it is, were doing something thats never been done before, nobody else is doing this I dont think anywhere in the world right now. And its scaling, we are growing. We have accelerated already and if we can continue to do things  you know its a game changer and to the extent that we can speed up in ways I think its our goal but we also want to deliver a great experience with it and its a complicated process to get it into the home  working perfectly but want to stay if its fantastic.
Brian L. Roberts: Next question, please.
Operator: Next question will come from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik - UBS: Okay, thanks guys. I want to focus a little bit more on the lower video churn. First, is that being driven by just increased acceleration or penetration of X1 or are there other factors that are driving that down? And then as you look forward towards the completion of the transactions, move churn has always been a factor in the sub trends. I mean how would the better clustering that comes from the deal and the swaps affect that factor. I mean can we expect sort of another step down in terms of video churn aside from the X1 issues? And then, Neil, you talked a little bit about the pull through effects on DVR. But what about broadband? I mean, as we see better churn and better video trends is that going to have a -- do you have a higher attachment rate for broadband with X1 that should help make those trends continue as we have seen recently? Thanks
Neil Smit: Okay, you have a number of questions in there. The video churn was driven, the churn reduction I should say was driven by a few factors. One is X1, this just has a lower churn profile and business is usual boxes. Second is we are bundling more, so we have 68% in the bundle and so that  then triple played at 36% it reduces the overall churn significantly. And three is I think that some of the new features we are adding in like the electronic sell through where you own the assets and it reduces churn, it could hold you into the system, its very sticky. So I think there are a few reasons there. And I think we tightened up the credit policies, we are targeting customers better, we are being more effective in our marketing. Concerning the X1 and its relationship to broadband pull through, I think generally speaking if you got better products and you put them together weve got the best broadband product, the best Wi-Fi product and the best video product. I think no matter how you mix them; you are going to get greater pull through. And weve been creatively bundling a number of different offers going after different segments and its been working.
Stephen B. Burke: And Ill just comment on the move churn, of course one of the benefits of the transaction is more territory which would hopefully reduce move churn and what we call those jump offs and weve looked at that, thats simply a benefit of the transaction ultimately it will show up in our revenue synergies which we are optimistic on.
John Hodulik - UBS: Okay.
Neil Smit: I just want to say maybe kind of relates to the deal in general but to that point on what are some of the benefits of the transaction you know remember that obviously there is no overlap so were not reducing any competition as weve made the case. But products like X1, faster broadband, faster Wi-Fi, now with Cloud we havent talked about Cloud DVR and streaming in-home where you dont need a device like the campus product we have borrow On Demand. So for those of you in New York or in LA on the call, you know weve been really looking forward to bringing this suite of products as fast as possible. We are doing a lot of work to try to have an integration plan to hit the ground as fast as humanly possible, business service side being able to have more markets and Charlie Herrin was one of the first things he is working on in his new job in customer experience is that move churn question which is to  when you are on the phone wanted to take you all the way to completion so that the move so we can reduce the friction in the system for people who are moving. So were anxious to bring this we think better suite of products to these new markets along with things like internet essentials and offering the whole array of benefits that we have listed in the transaction, but I think its the better products and we are working hard to have a plan to do as quickly as possible after close.
John Hodulik - UBS: Brian, you guys have a -- you guys have said that you will have [excellent] penetration to the majority of your sort of Comcast legacy subs in three years. Considering the platform is already set and it is stable can you do better than that in terms of the new markets once the deal is closed?
Brian L. Roberts: Thats the stuff we are working on right now. And everybody we  you know Im not ready to answer that question right at this minute, but Neil has set a very high bar for the team internally to say thats the game changer. How fast can we get this suite of products to you know all the markets that are Time Warner Cable but lets just you are in New York, you know in New York and thats we have to learn a lot about how it operates in New York we are doing that, planning now but we believe we have good road maps to have a satisfactory answer to that question, but we are working on it a huge opportunity with this transaction to bring better products to consumer that we dont offer any products to right now.
John Hodulik - UBS: Great. Thanks guys.
Brian L. Roberts: Thanks John. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Cusick - JPMorgan: Hey guys, thanks. Neil, speaking of drawing more customers into the video ecosystem, can you talk about the success of your on-campus efforts? And the big mix shift this quarter is the double play from triple play. Is that a back-to-school issue or do you think there is some secular sign of a downshift and voice penetration rate? Thanks.
Neil Smit: Ill answer in the reverse. The double play was more a result of the double plays focus was more a result of the back-to-school which is such a big part of our third quarter net add. You know the students are less focused on a fixed line phone and go with wireless alternative. The other thing that happened last year in the third quarter we launched X1 and it was available only to triple play customers so that drove a lot of phone units during that quarter so the comp was  is difficult. Concerning the repeat your other question?
Phil Cusick - JPMorgan: Just trying to think about driving more customers to the ecosystem as you think about back-to-school youve been putting in some skinnier video packages, is that certain to draw more people and who might otherwise just gone to broadband.
Neil Smit: You know the senior packets is as we look at the audience that we want to target and that were hard responding to certain offers. And were always testing offers to find out which package draws the best. The XFINITY campus product that you mentioned what was great about that is we went to the campus and in many of the campus we offer business services to whether its internet or whatever. And the students wanted to watch television but they wanted to watch it in their dorms on their laptops, so we came up with this streaming solution where we plug into the University network, its not seasonal because its a bulk deal and you know we are getting standing ovations at these universities. Weve got six universities who are currently providing their service to in a number of others in roll out mode now. So, I think its a great new products thats a way of targeting an audience in getting the land yields you know you use to watch in the great  all the great content thats being produced right now, in a way thats convenient to them.
Phil Cusick - JPMorgan: Thats great. Thanks Neil.
Brian L. Roberts: Thanks Phil. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant w- ISI Group. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant - ISI Group: Thank you. I just want to follow up on the prior question by Neil. It seems that the skinny video packages are having some traction. But I understand that there is some limitations on how pervasive that can be given your contracts that they are widely distributed content providers. So can you talk about where you are on that lifecycle and how much flexibility you still have? And once you do hit that what can you do next to still keep those customers within the ecosystem? Thanks 
Neil Smit: While we dont disclose our programming content to contract and the penetration requirements but we manage within the realm of those contracts and the offers and we manage out and can control that very closely. But whats interesting is this Q3 if you take Internet Plus and Blast Plus which were the two lean products we had last year. And you were to compare Internet Plus and Blast Plus to this third quarter. We actually sold fewer Internet Plus and Blast Plus net adds this quarter than last year. So the mix was a little bit different. And we  ARPU and revenue were a little bit soft than video because that we took pure rate increases this year than the year before.
Stephen B. Burke: So let me just say that when you are talking about confidentiality of the programming contracts, Neil let me just use that as a moment to just clarify what I believe happened yesterday with the FCC. Its that issue of confidentiality of programming agreements that the FCC and the programmers are debating, and so there is a procedural issue on how to go forward and thats between them and I dont believe and we dont believe has any  the stoppage to respond to that doesnt reflect any substance of concerns with our transactions. So were not particularly concerned about that development because we believe the FCC is still doing continuing with the staff as working on that substantive review. And even if the clock stopped and this has happened in other transactions as well, but this particular dispute over programming contracts is kind of new. So we continue to believe that the review will get completed and as we previously said you know and hopefully close sometime early 2015.
Brian L. Roberts: Thanks Vijay. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Feldman with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Brett, your line maybe on mute.
Brett Feldman  Goldman Sachs.: Thank you. Sorry about that, thanks for taking the question. A point of clarification, you mentioned the pacing of the additional share repurchase program. I am just curious is that at all sensitive to the actual pace of the approval process? For example, does it matter that the FCC has paused there shot clock And then I want to go back to talk about churn. All the things you highlighted, whether it is X1 or increased triple play, those things seem like they're going to continue. And so it would seem that churn is likely to continue to migrate lower going forward. Do you think it is reasonable for us to anticipate that as a result of that your video trends will continue to improve on a year-over-year basis, or is there an offsetting factor we need to be taking into account?
Stephen B. Burke: Okay. Ill take the buyback one obviously. Our view on buyback is really simple. Its not necessarily co-related to the shot clock or pacing. Our intention is to do the 2.5 billion of additional buyback there. We had always mentioned and splitted evenly 1.25 billion in the fourth quarter of this year and 1.25 billion in the early parts of the first quarter of 2015. So we are putting finer point on that. With regards to churn and Ill let Neil take it, but I think the goal has always been just to continue to improve and I think weve improved 14 or last 16 quarters with regards to video.
Neil Smit: I think thats right. Its been a pretty steady trend and we think thats because we are putting a better product and I think were always managing the balance between units and rate and trying to balance out that equation. And looking for new segments and bringing new products to market and opening up new channels such as the campus channel.
Brett Feldman  Goldman Sachs.: Okay, great. Thanks for taking the question.
Brian L. Roberts: Thanks, Brett. Next question please
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo: I have two questions, one regulatory for whoever wants to take it, and then one for Steve. So on the regulatory front can you just talk about what is going on in DC? Your thoughts on the potential for [Title 2] either to be at the last mile or at the interconnect? And then secondly for Steve, were you surprised by the HBO or the CBS announcements? Or is this something that you either had a feeling was coming or they gave you a heads up for? Thanks.
Brian L. Roberts: I think in terms of the DC question, this is Brian. We have been pretty consistent and were still in the same place which is that we think that broadband innovation and investment are critical to not just our company but to the nations infrastructure and that the best way to have a strong and robust investment cycle as well as real protections where consumers is with section 706 that there is a real consensus among all the Internet service providers and I think the internet community in general thats strong rules, having an open ended free internet are important and we support that initiative but we dont want to have a rule set that creates uncertainty and lingering doubt which we believe titled two does. So thats our position, I think thats a position of a number of companies and we you know have been hopeful that thats how it will resolve itself.
Stephen B. Burke: Regarding HBO and CBS selling directly I was surprised, I was surprised by both of them for different reasons. CBS I was surprised because they have been such a defender of retransmission consent in the traditional ecosystem and been so successful in the broadcast business and HBO because I think its going to be such a challenge for them to not cannibalize what is already a really really good business. That having been said, we are still early on in the transition to more internet television that I think you are going to see a lot of surprising things. And you know whats surprising to me is that we are making hundreds of millions of dollars from Hulu and Netflix and Amazon, businesses that we didnt even think about five years ago. So I think we all ought to be prepared to be surprised every once in a while but also put everything in perspective and really look at what peoples real motivations are and the challenges. I dont think distributing directly to consumers be the internet is an easy thing to do and I think its a voyage that if you are successful like Netflix can be a way to create a lot of value but its not an easy thing to do.
Neil Smit: The one other thing I guess just to add on the back on the regulatory is the interconnection question if there is one is being looked at separately by the FCC and we think that thats we have supported that and welcomed that with you we are very hopeful that that will show that its our motivation and our practice to be completely transparent and have great products for consumers and poor companies who want to reach those consumers.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo: Thank you.
Brian L. Roberts: Thanks Marci. Regina, just given the time well take one last question please.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet - Citi: Hi, thanks. I just had a question for Mr. Burke. Given the changes that are going on in the video ecosystem and some of the trends you alluded to going forward for Cable Networks, what adjustments, if any, do you think investors should anticipate regarding your Cable Net portfolio? Thanks.
Stephen B. Burke: Well, I think were always making adjustments and trying to look at new things, if you take USA for example, were going to be investing more in original programming. Were not going to put a number of that, because of a lot of it is show dependent but investing in original programming were going to try to make that program  were changing the lens on that programming, if you went back five years or so you have say, was in the business of creating blue sky procedurals and were much more interested serialized slightly edgier content. I think you could see us taking some of our existing sports that are on other channels and putting them on USA. So there will be a whole variety of changes and hopefully those changes resulted in a hit and our ability to outperform the rest of the sector I do think that the point that they were make is, that the sector is unlikely to have ratings performance over the next five or ten years, thats good it was over the five or ten simply because its more competitive and theres more technological change out there.
Neil Smit: But let me just end the call by saying, thanks for as always the good questions and interest in the company. I think, we had a really strong third quarter. I think its reflect the quality of the underlying businesses, the teams are executing well. Theyre staying focused which is as we talked about really at a very complicated time. A lot of momentum at NBCUniversal and in Cable we talked a lot about the innovation and what thats doing to our results. So Im pretty really pleased with the team there and whats happening in the trends. And the positioning of X1 and ability to take it in-home on other devices, out of the home with TV everywhere, cloud DVR networking, Wi-Fi getting faster and better, bringing that to the Time Warner market the transaction review weve now submitted everything thats been require a lot of the local franchises have been approved. Its an exciting time for the company and exciting time for the industry. So good quarter everybody. Thank you.
Brian L. Roberts: Operator, well turn it back to you. Thank you.
Operator: There will be a replay available of todays starting at 12.30 pm eastern standard time. It will run through Thursday October 30 at Midnight Eastern Standard Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 33-87049. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the companys website beginning at 12.30 pm today. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jason Armstrong - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Brian L. Roberts - Chairman and CEO Michael J. Angelakis - Vice Chairman and CFO Stephen B. Burke - EVP; CEO, NBCUniversal Neil Smit - EVP; President and CEO, Comcast Cable 
Analysts: Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Phil Cusick - JPMorgan Jason Bazinet - Citigroup John Hodulik - UBS Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson Vijay Jayant - ISI Group Bryan Kraft - Evercore Partners Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Amy Yong - Macquarie
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcasts Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations; Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone. Joining me on this mornings call are Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Steve Burke and Neil Smit. Brian and Michael will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to Slide number two, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer, and also remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts: Thanks Jason and good morning everyone. Our second quarter results continue our strong progress in 2014. This is an important time as we focus on gaining approval for our Time Warner Cable transaction. So its just as important that the team stays focused on operations, and we believe thats apparent in this quarters results. Excluding transaction related costs, we grew operating cash flow 7.8% and as you will see there are several bright spots across the company. Let me start with NBCUniversal. They had a great first half and we are really happy with the performance of our team, and we believe this strategically and financially positions us well in the content business. For the second quarter, results were very strong with operating cash flow growth of over 20%. At NBC Broadcasting, the team has done a terrific job and we ended the season ranked number one in the important 18 to 49 demo and were the only network to deliver ratings growth versus last year. This ratings momentum translated into a very strong upfront for us where we made solid progress in closing the monetization gap we have relative to our peers, specifically we were able to achieve approximately 80% in CPMs which was substantially higher than the rest of the market. In cable networks, we have a great set of assets and channels that are generally under monetized relative to our peers that give us a lot of confidence in our position. In this quarter, NBC Sports Networks had its most watched prime time quarter ever driven by the Stanley Cup playoffs and Bravo continued its claim and is now ranked as the number seven cable entertainment network in the 18 to 49 demo. But there is no better example of the power of bringing together our broadcast networks, cable networks and strength of our X1 platform in Cable than the Olympics where we were able to leverage the positive experience customers received at the Sochi Olympics to negotiate an extension with the International Olympic Committee whereby we acquired the rights to an additional six Olympic games. Sports rights are so valuable and we believe these rights are both unique and compelling, and together, we now have the right to the Olympic Games running through the year, 2032. In parts, we have been investing behind what we see as a significant opportunity. We recently opened Harry Potter 2 in Orlando, and the work is creative and authentic, imaginative and the attention to detail is incredible. Many of us were recently down in Orlando and got to experience the new attraction. It was amazing, and the whole team deserves a lot of congratulations. When you combine this with the increased hotel capacity with the also imaginative Cabana Bay beach resort, the parks business is set up for a strong trajectory. In film, we had a relatively quiet theatrical quarter, we have benefited from recent successful films hitting home entertainment and content licensing windows and so our focus now is building towards a strong slate in 2015 and beyond. So all-in-all NBCUniversal had a terrific first half of 2014 and since we brought the company, weve had terrific growth in cash flow and we believe that this progress that weve made with ratings of broadcasting success at the upfront and with the new Harry Potter in Orlando NBCUniversal is positioned to continue this momentum. Our Cable division also delivered impressive results. We operate in a vibrant and competitive market, one that forces us to constantly innovate and improve the customer experience. There is no better example; theres been our X1 operating system which provides customers an unparalled experience. Our focus is on embedding the best content and technology from the X1 platform, so in the content side for the first time we now offer four of the top 100 Nielsen rated broadcast shows on On Demand. On the technology side, we are now deploying Cloud DVR and currently have it available in 31% of our footprints. And our customers are responding very favorably to X1. We are so pleased with the impact that weve accelerated our pace of deployment. Our X1 additions nearly doubled this quarter, and we are looking again at further increasing the eligibility. In high-speed data, we now have 47% of our base receiving a 50-megabits or greater products which is up from 38% at the end of the first quarter. Customers now have access to over 3 million Wi-Fi hotspots and we are targeting 8 million by the end of this year, offering customers increased reach in the form of a network of millions of additional hotspots at no extra cost, while offering us the potential for new business opportunities overtime. For both video and high-speed data, this was the strongest second quarter customer results weve had in the past six years. Additionally, in business services revenue growth remains robust at 22% this quarter as we approach a $4 billion revenue run rate. The mid-market segment in business service represents our fastest growing segment and we believe there is a significant opportunity with Time Warner Cable to add to our capabilities in this market and ultimately deliver customers more choice. We firmly believe that our operating improvements are rooted in providing customers a better experience. And while we are making progress with better service tools and online tools and improved service levels, we are also very cognizant that there is ample room for further improvement and this is a top priority for us. We do feel confident that there are measurable improvements in the experience we are offering customers. This includes faster broadband speed, best in home Wi-Fi where content choice is on more devices and what we believe is the best user interface and guide experience in the market and maybe in the world. As I said initially, this is an important time for Comcast with lots of opportunity for distraction. So I am so pleased these results demonstrate that our company is focused on operational excellence and once again delivered strong results across all segments. Let me now pass to Michael to cover the second quarter in greater detail.
Michael J. Angelakis:  Good morning, and thank you, Brian. Let me begin by briefly reviewing our second quarter consolidated financial results starting on slide four. We are very pleased with our second quarter results which once again reflect sustainable profitable growth and strength across our businesses. Second quarter consolidated revenue increased 3.5% to $16.8 billion and operating cash flow increased 7% to $5.8 billion reflecting strong organic growth in both our cable and NBCUniversal businesses. This result includes $44 million of Time Warner Cable and Charter transaction related costs which were included in our corporate and other segments. Excluding these transaction cost, consolidated operating cash flow increased 7.8%. Year-to-date consolidated revenue increased 8.5% to $34.3 billion and consolidated operating cash flow increased 8.4% to $11.3 billion. If we exclude $1.1 billion of revenue related to the Olympics in the first quarter and $61 million of transaction related cost in the first six months, consolidated revenue increased to 5% and consolidated operating cash flow increased 9%. Earning per share for the second quarter grew 16.9% to $0.76 per share versus $0.65 per share in the second quarter of 2013. To provide a clear comparison, when you exclude a gain on an investment and the transaction related cost I mentioned, our normalized EPS increased 15.4% to $0.75 per share. Year-to-date our earnings per share increased 23.5% to $1.47 per share versus $1.19 per share in the prior year, again, excluding gains on sales and acquisition related items our normalized year-to-date earnings per share increased 23.3% to $1.43. Free cash flow for the quarter decreased 40.7% to $1.2 billion and free cash flow per share decreased 39.7% to $0.44 per share as growth in consolidated operating cash flow was offset by higher working capital due to higher expenditures for film and TV production as well as increased capital expenditures and cash taxes. For the first half of the year, we generated $4 billion of free cash flow, a decrease of 21.8% over the first half of 2013. Year-to-date free cash flow per share has declined 20.5% to $1.51 per share. I will discuss free cash flow in a bit more detail later in the presentation. Now lets review the results of our businesses in more detail starting with cable communications on slide five. Our cable communications business continues to execute well and we are pleased with our second quarter performance of healthy revenue and operating cash flow growth along with improved customer metrics. As Brian mentioned, we had the best second quarter customer results for both our video and high-speed internet services in the past six years. The second quarter is always our weakest due to seasonality and we lost 144,000 video customers but this is a 11% improvement from last years second quarter. In high-speed internet we added 203,000 new customers, an increase of over 8% year-over-year and as we continue to add value to our product through speed upgrades and the deployment of wireless gateways. Voice remains a valuable component of the bundle and we increased the voice customer base by 137,000 customers in the second quarter with the highest Triple Play selling in over three years. While total customer relationships declined 25,000 reflecting the typical second quarter seasonality which I mentioned, our customer relationship result are a 62% improvement over last years second quarter driven by our improved products and improved customer support. Second quarter cable revenue increased 5.4% to $11 billion reflecting solid growth in our residential businesses, driven by strong high-speed data results, continued strength in business services and healthy growth in advertising revenue. Total revenue per customer relationship increased 4.5% to $137 per month driven by rate adjustments, a higher contribution for business service and increasing number of customers taking multiple products. At the end of the quarter, 68% of our customers subscribed to atleast two products and 36% subscribed to three products a 200 basis point improvement compared to last years second quarter. Moving to our product categories, video revenue increased 1.2% reflecting modest rate adjustments in an increasing number of our customers taking advanced services. We now have 12.7 million high-def and/or DVR customers which equals 57% of our 22.5 million video customers. High-speed internet was the largest contributor to cable revenue growth in the second quarter with revenue increasing 9.7% driven by continued growth in our customer base, rate adjustments in an increasing number of our customers taking higher speed services. At the end of the quarter, 47% of our residential high-speed customers received speeds of 50-megabits or greater as we have doubled the speeds included in some of our bundled plans. With regard to voice, revenue increased 1.3% for the second quarter, driven by growth in our customer base as our bundling efforts continue to drive Triple Play penetration. We are successfully converting single and double play customers to Triple Play, and acquiring new Triple Play customer relationships resulting in a net addition of 152,000 Triple product customer relationships during the quarter. Moving on to our commercial business, second quarter business services revenue increased 22.4% to $965 million and was again the second largest contributor to cable revenue growth in the quarter. The small end of the market or businesses with less than 20 employees continues to have strong growth, while the contribution from mid-sized businesses is increasing. We continue to experience real momentum in this business and are focused on competing effectively in gaining share. Cable advertising revenue increased 7.5% primarily reflecting higher automotive advertising and political revenue as we are beginning to benefit from advertising for the upcoming mid-term elections. Excluding this political revenue, our core cable advertising increased 3.2%. Please refer to Slide six. During the second quarter, cable communications operating cash flow increased 5.3% to $4.6 billion, representing a consistent margin of 41.4%. In the second quarter, total expenses in cable increased 5.4% primarily reflecting higher programming expenses and advertising marketing and promotion expenses as well as additional cost related to the deployment of X1, Cloud DVR and wireless gateways as well as the expansion of our business services and XFINITY Home. The second quarter programming expenses increases 6.7% reflecting increases in retransmission consent fees, higher sports programming costs, and step-ups for recently completed long-term agreements. We expect programming expense growth to accelerate in the second half of 2014 due to the timing of network launches and mid-year step ups and certain long term contracts. We now expect our full year programming expenses to be slightly lower than the 9% to 10% we had previously forecast. Advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased 8% in the second quarter due to timing as well as increased investments to enhance our competitive position in both our residential and commercial businesses resulting in a positive impact on our core customer metrics. We remain focused on gaining efficiencies in our customer service and technical operations, however, we have experienced modest expense growth as a majority of our Triple Play connects are X1 and as we deploy Cloud DVR, wireless gateways and XFINITY Home across our customer base. We are not only committed to offering the best products, we want to support them with a great customer experience and in some cases that means investing more time at the customers home or answering additional questions on a customer service call. However, overall we continue to experience reduce truck rolls and Asian car volumes and 44% of our installations are now completed with self installation kits. Our expectation is this number will grow as we are beginning to offer X1 self installations. We are effectively off-setting some of these higher expenses with an improving product mix with more high-speed data in business service customers and increasing number of our customers upgrading to higher level of services such as high-def DVRs, faster internet speeds and modest rate adjustments. Overall, our second quarter and year-to-date cable results prove that we are balanced in our strategy, and we continue to execute well and deliver strong financial customer and operational performance. We are focused on delivering the best and most innovative products and providing more value to our customers. Now lets move on to NBCUniversals results which are presented on slide seven. For the second quarter of 2014, NBCUniversal performed very well as revenue increased 0.3% and operating cash flow increased 20.4%. Now lets review the individual business segments at NBCUniversal. For the second quarter, cable networks generated revenue of $2.5 billion, an increase of 2.6% driven by a 14.3% increase in content licensing and other revenue and a 4.2% increase in distribution revenue. However, if we adjust with the closure of the Style Network, distribution revenue would have increased 6%. Advertising revenue declined 2.2% as increases in price were offset by some ratings pressure, however, when adjusted again for the closure of Style and the movement of Fandango from our cable networks group to our film group, advertising revenue would have increased 1%. Cable networks operating cash flow increased 6.3% to $914 million, reflecting higher revenue, partially offset by higher sports programming costs, including a new long term relationship with Philadelphia Phillies on Comcast SportsNet and a continued impact of a launch of English Premier League on NBC Sports Network. With regards to our broadcast television segment, revenue increased 4.9% to $1.8 billion in the second quarter, reflecting increased retransmission consent fees and the impact of new content licensing agreements. Advertising revenue was down slightly at 1.7% due to the timing of the voice which aired significantly few hours in the second quarter compared to last year. Year-to-date advertising revenue is up 5.8% excluding the impact of the Sochi Olympics which is more indicative of the rating strength in the broadcast segment. Broadcasts second quarter operating cash flow increased 16.2% to $240 million reflecting higher revenue and a modest increase in operating expenses. We are really pleased with the overall performance of the broadcast business. In just three and a half years, we have improved from fourth place to ending this past broadcast season in first place in a 18 to 49 demo. This rating success, as well as the strength across our portfolio of cable networks help us make meaningful progress in closing the monetization gap both on the broadcast side and on the cable side. For Broadcast, we had double digit growth overall with CPM increases of 8% leading the market in both rate of change and volume growth. As we move to filmed entertainment, second quarter revenue declined 15.3% to $1.2 billion driven by difficult theatrical comparisons to last year which included Fast 6, and the international performance of Despicable Me 2 partially offset by an increasing in content licensing revenue driven by Despicable Me 2 and Fast 6 as well as the home entertainment performance of successful films like Ride Along and Lone Survivor. Second quarter operating cash flow increased $162 million to $195 million as this years reduced theatrical slate recorded significantly lower marketing and advertising cost compared to last year. Switching to our theme park segment, revenue increased 12.8% to $615 million, reflecting increases in per capita spending in guest attendance at both our Orlando and Hollywood Parks, which benefited in part from the spring holidays occurring in the second quarter this year, compared to the first quarter of last year. Second quarter operating cash flow for the parks increased 5.6% to $244 million reflecting higher revenue, partly offset by increased marketing and training expenses to support the successful launch of the new Harry Potter attraction in Orlando which opened on July 8. Lets move to Slide eight to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. In the second quarter, capital expenditures are tracking to plan an increased 19.4% to $1.8 billion compared to the second quarter of 2013 which is driven primarily by increased investments at cable and a modest increase at NBCUniversal. At cable communications, second quarter capital expenditures increased $253 million or 20.4% to $1.5 billion, equal to 13.5% of cable revenue versus 11.9% in the second quarter of 2013. The increase was primarily driven by higher spending on CPE, particularly for X1 and Cloud DVR as well as our continued investments in network infrastructure to increase our network capacity. Year-to-date cable communications capital expenditure have increased 13% to $2.6 billion representing 12.1% of cable revenue. We continue to be very pleased with our X1 rollout. Weve almost doubled our X1 net additions in each of the past two quarters and the positive customer results have continued. More customers are subscribing to DVRs and additional outlets upgrading the Triple Play, increasing video-on-demand usage and we continue to see reduced churn levels among these customers. As planned, our cable CapEx spend will accelerate in the second half of the year as we continue to deploy more X1 platform boxes and wireless gateways and we continue to expect that for the full year of 2014, cable capital intensity will increase to approximately 14% of cable revenue compared to 12.9% in 2013. Second quarter capital expenditures at NBCUniversal, increased $38 million to $298 million and year-to-date have increased $66 million to $589 million. This higher CapEx is primarily driven by increased investments in facilities as well as the theme parks as we build new attractions including the Harry Porter attraction, in both parks at a Fast & Furious attraction in Hollywood. We continue to expect that NBCUniversals 2014 capital expenditures will remain relatively flat at 2013s level. Please refer to Slide nine. As I mentioned earlier, we generated consolidated free cash flow of $1.2 billion in the second quarter, a decrease of 40.7% as growth in consolidated operating cash flow was primarily offset by increased working capital, which was mainly driven by net production spend at our film and TV studios as well as higher cash taxes and capital expenditures. For the first half of the year we generated $4 billion in free cash flow, a decrease of 21.8% over the first half of 2013 and year-to-date free cash flow per share has decreased 20.5% to $1.51 per share again, primarily reflecting increased working capital. As I indicated on our fourth quarter earnings call compared to a modest film slate in 2014, we have increased our film production spending as we prepare for a larger 2015 film slate, which will pressure free cash flow during 2014. Saying that, we would expect second half working capital comparisons in 2014 to be more favorable than what we have experienced in the first half of this year. We are executing on our 2014 financial plan and year-to-date we have increased our return of capital to shareholders by 33.5% to $2.6 billion, including share repurchases totaling $1.5 million and dividend payments totaling $1.1 billion. Turning to our acquisition of Time Warner Cable and our related transactions with Charter, we remained focused on our regulatory and share holder approvals as well as our integration planning. We are pleased that the FCC has started its 180-day review clock as of July 10. In addition, we are progressing towards a share holder vote on the Time Warner Cable merger as quickly as possible realizing that the divestiture transactions with Charter have added some complexity to the normal SEC review of our S4 filing.  At this point we currently believe a reasonable estimate for the timing of our shareholder vote would be in the fall. This does not have any impact on the FCC or Department of Justice review processes and is not expected to impact the timing of the closing of the deal. As we have mentioned before, we remain committed to repurchasing an additional 2.5 billion in shares following our shareholder approval for the transaction. So all-in-all weve had a strong first half of the year in both cable and NBCUniversal. We are pleased with the financial and operational momentum were showing in all of our businesses and we are focused on continuing that momentum throughout the year. We are making meaningful progress on the integration planning of the Time Warner Cable merger and the Charter divestitures. We remain excited about the strategic benefits these transactions bring to Comcast and the value they create for our customers and our shareholders. Finally, we remained confident that our ongoing investments along with our focused and disciplined execution will continue to yield positive results and profitable growth. Now let me turn the call over to Jason for Q&A
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Michael. Regina, lets open up the call for Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. Well now begin the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good morning. This is really for anybody who wants to take it. I wanted to revisit the X1 trends which obviously sound encouraging. Im wondering if you could spend a little more time telling me what thats doing to the business and particularly what the Cloud DVR means to the consumer experience, to the economics of the product and whether the success youve had has changed. How you view the ultimate adoption of that product in your base. And Im wondering if it impacts your broadband business. Youre putting up double-digit revenue growth this far into the penetration curve. Is the X1 helping sort of the other products in the bundle as well?
Neil Smit: This is Neil. So the X1 rollout we are very pleased with. Were in 100% of the footprint right now. Its brought down churn 20% to 30%, VOD usage up 25%, and VOD transactions up 20%. Additionally, youre getting two times the DVR take rate on it and youre getting more additional outlets. So the ARPU of the product once its deployed has gone up very nicely. Its still not having a material impact on the video results, because that hasnt been deployed to a large portion of our base yet. Were about 50% of the Triple Play packages that we sold had X1 in them and where thats been deployed its worked well. In terms of the impact on the HSD business, I mean, I think bringing internet functionality to video experience will help lift the -- both products and our Triple Play sell-in was at the highest rate ever. Weve got more -- 68% of our customers on two products or more. And so we are selling well in the Triple Play and X1 is a great part of that. I think there is some really interesting new product developments. I mean, if you think about it, weve launched EST on that over the last six months and thats been a very successful product. And I think there is more to come on the platform.
Brian L. Roberts: On the Cloud DVR part, its Brian. Were very encouraged by what that product means. It basically means that inside your home any device whether its a mobile phone or a tablet or a Kindle by any of the different providers, can become a television set without a box. And then you can use -- see all the channels, as well as access your DVR. And then it gives you a feature to download and take with you certain shows from that DVR. So, the Cloud has tremendous promise not just for the guide interface but for the users functionality. The other thing, and one of the reasons I think the results Neil just talked about are so encouraging, is you also get a whole home DVR with the X1 experience of any of our customers. So just everything gets better, the -- those of who that have the product, if you just look at On Demand in the last week, there is a whole new series of ways to see whats on television. Its  the guide just gets better and better every few weeks, not every few years. And right now, we have all sorts of categories that are being stunted, so you can see the Top 10 types of shows you like every single night of the week, the best shows of the day. Really its very programmer friendly, because it encourages people -- you dont have to DVR, its basically right there for you On Demand now that we have Top 100 shows.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks for the color.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Ben. Lets move to the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you. On NBCUniversal I guess two-part question. You obviously had a great relative upfront performance, but the ad market was down. And so I would love your views on how -- if the advertising market, whats going on in advertising for Broadcasting and Cable? Do you see the decline is cyclical or secular? And if its even somewhat secular how are you positioning your assets differently? And also on NBCU, given the likely consolidation in content, how are you positioning your assets differently. Do you need to bulk up?
Stephen B. Burke: We certainly dont think we need to bulk up in content. Weve sold all of our Broadcasting and Cable assets together in the upfront and I think that was a major reason why we had such a successful upfront relative to rest of the industry. If the industry was down call it 5% in the upfront, were not sure of the precise number, but thats what we gather is pretty close. If the industry was down 5% and we were up 10% thats a 15% difference versus what we would have done -- had we done exactly what the industry did. And you apply that to a base of $5.3 billion and its a swing of $750 million. And the reason why that occurred is because we made the investments in programming, NBC was number one. People came to us first and we sold together. So thats $750 million improvement we think goes a long way not all the way, but a long way to closing what weve always refer to as the monetization gap. Weve always said that the other broadcasters are on the order of $1 billion better off than we are. So we closed $750 million of the gap. We think were about half way and so we can continue to count on closing that gap providing the fact that our ratings are good and we continue to bundle the properties and sell appropriately. In terms of the overall market, I think the real question is what is scatter? And if scatter ends up being strong, this could end up being a very good year for advertising, and if scatter ends up weak that will obviously not be the case. So, we dont put too much into the down 5% in the upfront. I think the year is going to play itself out and well see where we end. There is some shift to digital. We dont think thats the majority factors here. Thats a minority factor. And I think the real question is whats going to happen as the calendar and broadcast seasons play out
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Can I -- I want to just ask one follow-up for Brian. You said the eligibility of X1 is increasing. Can you just clarify, what do you mean?
Brian L. Roberts: Neil, why dont you do that?
Neil Smit: Yeah, the X1 product is currently available to all Triple Play customers and its available in the Retention Q as well as to some of the double play customers depending on their packaging.
Brian L. Roberts: So what we mean by that is you can then go to more Double Play customers or other or even Single Play. So its just who can get the product in the beginning. We had inventory issues and also were looking at the ability to use it as a sales tool. But we have not put out -- the rate of installations continues as I said earlier, continues to increase each quarter and its scaling really well. There havent been any big hiccups at all and frankly just the opposite.
Neil Smit: Yeah, I describe it as ramping up the business right now. The last two sequential quarters weve doubled the number of boxes weve deployed. So, I think were seeing it ramp up and its been very stable, the platform has been.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Do you want to use this as an opportunity to say how many boxes?
Neil Smit:  No. Thanks. 
Jason Armstrong:  Thats okay Jessica. Well go to the next question.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Cusick - JPMorgan: Hey, guys. I guess following up on Jessicas questions fairly quickly. Can you help us quantify the remaining discount to peers on advertising, sort of where NBC should be versus where you are? I think you said 50%, but can you help us quantify that?
Stephen B. Burke: What weve said before that, if you at NBC and then you look at USA, sort of our biggest cable channel that they were trading at about a 20% discount on CPMs to our competition. And really when you look at it, its not as precise as just looking at number. You also have to factor in volume. But we think if you take volume and rate and you look at them both, we were at about a 20% discount and were now at about a 10% discount.
Phil Cusick - JPMorgan: Okay. And then also on the X1 side, just a quick follow-up, you said its available to Triple Plays and some Double Plays, why not widen that availability to everyone, what are the gating factors?
Neil Smit: Well, were basically trying to maximize the return on our capital, and we want to make sure that were rolling out the product to customers where we know there is a good return. And also as Brian said we initially had some inventory issues, those have since been resolved. But put it -- I describe it as were ramping as quickly as we can and the product has been very well received.
Michael J. Angelakis: The only thing I would add to that, Phil, is really as we rolled it out early, we really wanted to use it as a premium product and we had a lot of folks who were wanting that product, so, we want to go to those folks who have the highest customer lifetime value and thats both in terms of higher ARPU, more services and lower churn.
Phil Cusick  JPMorgan: Thanks, guys.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Phil. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Yeah. Can I -- just back to the Mr. Burke for a second. You mentioned the upfront -- I guess your estimate upfront down 5%, you said the shift to digital is not the majority of whats going on. Do you mind elaborating and what you think is the majority and what causes you to draw that conclusion? Thanks.
Stephen B. Burke: I think -- and by the way this is not a science and we dont have perfect information on every single participant and whats going.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Sure.
Stephen B. Burke: But when you look at the ad dollars that are related to video, the shift to digital doesnt -- in our opinion doesnt represent the majority of why the upfront was down 5%. We think the majority reason why the upfront was down 5% is because of broad array of advertisers and their agencies decided to be less aggressive in the upfront and they will show up in scatter.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Okay.
Stephen B. Burke: Okay. Now that maybe wrong, but thats our analysis.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Okay.
Neil Smit: I think, Jason, from the Cable perspective as an advertiser, while weve seen a movement towards digital has not come generally speaking at the expense of our media spend.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Understood. Okay, thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Jason. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik - UBS: Thanks. Maybe question for Michael. Just a clarification on the buyback with the shareholder vote getting push back a little bit. You guys have changed the guidance to $5.5 billion, but that was I think under the impression that the shareholder vote will take place in the middle of the year. Now is it happening lets say end of third quarter, does that slide back the $5.5 billion. I mean, should we assume that you do sort of $2 billion in the fourth quarter then maybe $2 million in the first -- how should we think of the sort of timing of that? And then I guess for Neil on the broadband side, the numbers were I think stronger then we expect in terms of the net ads. Can you give us a sense of what you think from a competitive standpoint? Did you see any less competitive pressure than you have in the past maybe from some of the larger telcos? Thanks.
Michael J. Angelakis: Ill take the buyback one. Really, we dont know when well have the shareholder vote. Our hope is well have it in the fall. And really the plan has been that between the shareholder vote and when the deal actually closes we will execute an additional $2.5 billion of buyback. So our teams are ready to go, but obviously we need to get through the SEC, get the S-4 filed and go through a variety of other things. Our hope is well get it all done this year including closing of the transaction. Well have to see how that all plays out both from a shareholder approval perspective and obviously from a regulatory perspective. But I think the key point is between shareholder vote and when closing were going to try our best to executive on an additional $2.5 billion.
Neil Smit: And on the competitiveness of the data market, its still very competitive. Weve been upgrading our customers to higher speeds. We now have 47% of the residential customers get at least 50 megabits per second versus 33% last year. So its -- were getting customers on to better higher speeds. Were investing heavily in the best fastest in-home Wi-Fi, but it is a very competitive market.
John Hodulik - UBS: Great. Thanks, guys.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, John. Next question please.
Operator: Your question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson: Hi, good morning. I wanted to ask a couple of questions about Wi-Fi if I could. Neil, I think you said youre going to have 8 million hotspots. How many of those are public hotspots versus dual SSID? And can you updates us on your thinking about whether the Wi-Fi business would become a retail strategy or whether its continued to be tied to your terrestrial broadband product? And then last, can you talk about how you think about spectrum as it relates to Wi-Fi would you like to have license spectrum -- or a license LTE component of  that would sort of substitute for Wi-Fi with better interference? Or do you see it as an unlicensed product entirely?
Neil Smit: With regards to the hotspots we have about 3.6 million hotspots across the in-home network right now. Of the 8 million were going to, the majority of those close to 7 million will be in-home versus out of home. Were currently extending the out of home markets at a pretty aggressive pace and so the network will fill out. And you would add to those in-homes, those SMB locations where we have dual SSIDs. In terms of spectrum and how we think of it. We think our Wi-Fi network has a lot of potential. Were not buttoned down totally on how wed like to deploy that. But theres lot of opportunities for example, the XFINITY home product we launched across the Wi-Fi network and there are other products that Wi-Fi can be the foundation for. So were going to continue deploying it. We have the fastest in-home Wi-Fi routers and theyre going to keep developing that product. And I think that were seeing 75% to 80% of data usage -- mobile data usage, its happening either in the home or in the office, so we think were well positioned going forward.
Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson: And can you talk about your strategy for a wireless replacement product versus a terrestrial supplement product?
Neil Smit: We havent finished our planning yet, but as you know we do have some MVNO relationships and those -- if we elected to, could play a role.
Craig Moffett  MoffettNathanson: Thanks, Neil.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Craig, next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with ISI Group. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant - ISI Group: Neil, now that you have some more time to sort of evaluate the Time Warner Cable, its synergies, can you sort of give us any update on sort of how you feel about the $1.5 billion number on the cost side and any color on the revenue side? Thanks.
Neil Smit: Yeah, we feel very good about the cost synergies. They are in duplicated areas or in operations and weve gone through quite a bit of detail, the make up of those synergies, the cost synergies and feel very good about them. In terms of the revenue opportunities, weve also been through those and I think the opportunity to up sell and penetrate to a greater rate on the resi product is an interesting opportunity, as well as the opportunity to go into the enterprise base with commercial or of a more advanced advertising products across the broader base. So we feel -- net-net we feel good about the synergies on the cost side and the CapEx side which were about $400 million and we also feel positive about the revenue upside.
Michael J. Angelakis: The only think I would add, Vijay, I think you know we did these divestiture transactions and even with the divestiture transactions were reconfirming what we think our operating expense savings will be through the synergies and obviously the vast majority of those dont come from the programming side. So, when we did the original transaction we set a target and even after the divestiture transactions were confirming that target is something that we think make sense.
Vijay Jayant - ISI Group: Great. Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Vijay. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Bryan Kraft with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kraft - Evercore Partners: Hi. Thanks. Michael, I had a working capital question. Whatever the working capital use ends up being this year for Film and Television, would you expect essential a full reversal of that next year as this production investments at the box office and television? And I dont know if you could provide any range for what you expect the net working capital use to be this year that would be really helpful? Thanks.
Michael J. Angelakis: So obviously working capital was a large factor in the first half of this year with regards to investing in more film and more TV, but I think a little bit of it normally is actually more in 2013 than in 2014 or 2015. If you really look at our 2014 slate, its a relatively modest slate and we really didnt invest that much in film related in 2013 and I think as you we talked about, we have quite a bit of positive working capital in 2013 that obviously helped out. Theres been some reversal of that in the first half of 2014 where we are building up a more meaningful slate in 2015. We actually have a great slate plan for 2015 and were investing in that. As we look at all of 2014 I think youll see a bit of a swing to more normalization in the second half of the year. And our expectation is really that 2013 and a little of 2014 were a bit of anomalies given how we managed the film slates, but 2015 should normalized. I dont want to get too much into 2015, but we feel that really what were seeing is in 2014 is what actually was in effect in 2013 versus next year. Is that helped you, Bryan?
Bryan Kraft - Evercore Partners: Yeah, thats helpful. Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Bryan. Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays: Thank you. A couple of questions. The first is on dynamic ad insertion. I mean, we have seen some deals this year on dynamic ad insertion, but the way I understand it is there has to be backend support, especially from Comcast, just given the technology component of this. So just from a structure perspective, how are these contracts structured between you, the advertiser and the content company on the dynamic aspect? And secondly, as we look at the asset base post all the transactions which are outstanding right now, are you right now at a stage where you expect this to be the steady-state? Or should we expect a few more asset swaps and so on to fill out some of the holes that you have especially in regions like New York?
Brian Roberts:  Ill take the dynamic ad insertion. We basically do that through Canoe. Weve done deals with all the programmers where we almost told the programmers where we disabled Fast Forward in exchange for full VOD line up. And then we  the programmers were able to with Canoe insert those ads dynamically in the pre post and mid row. We havent disclosed the nature of the financial transaction though.
Michael J. Angelakis:  I mean, we really dont see any further activity. We have quite a full plate and we are very focused on integration and obviously weve got to spend that we are going to be doing so. I think that were really focused on our business and the reality is that we are very excited about having those assets come to us from Time Warner Cable and from Charter and the clustering will do so, I think our plate is quite full.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays: Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Kannan. Regina lets take our last question, please.
Operator:  Our final question will come from the line of Mike McCormack with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Mike, your line maybe on mute. And that question has been withdrawn.
Brian L. Roberts: Okay, lets try one more then.
Operator: Okay, Amy Yong with Macquarie, your line is open.
Amy Yong - Macquarie: Thanks. I was just wondering if you could talk about the impact of the AT&T DTV merger. How does this change your view as a competitor of perhaps different product sets including a quad play or mobile video? And then you can talk about how that might change the longer-term regulatory picture? Thanks
Brian L. Roberts: Well this is Brian. I think, first of all they are two wonderful companies with wonderful products and you know the reality is last six years they both have been part of the reason that we have lost video subs and thats why you are seeing some of the competitive response and the progress we are making which I am very pleased about, but its a very powerful combination and you know its sort of for me validates the changing and dynamic nature of the market that we are living in, the technological changes, the consumer behavior changes that are happening at very fast speeds. And so, you have to look at each situation differently and individually one of the things that I like about our transaction from the regulatory standpoint is that the nature of the cable business is you wire up an entire community and then you see what customers you can get, other technologies whether from the Cloud or from satellite you know are ubiquitously available by a different technology. So we do not overlap in any market as you know with Time Warner Cable hence there is no diminish competitive choice for any consumer. So each situation is different. I think long term we are assuming it and we always did assume that the world is changing who your competitors are, what their capabilities are, whether its quad play or other things. And I think our company is really well positioned and thats why we are excited about the proposed transaction. But as I started the call right now the main focus of this company is to execute well quarter after quarter, and as we end this call, I just want to say that everybody I think we did that again this quarter and we hope to do it again next quarter. Thank you. Well leave it there. Thanks everyone for joining us.
Operator:  There will be a replay available of todays call starting at 12:30 PM Eastern Standard Time. It will run through Tuesday, July 29, at midnight, Eastern Time. The dial-in number is (855) 859-2056 and the conference ID number is 57489596. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the companys website beginning at 12:30 PM today. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-22 14:15:00) =====
Executives:  Jason Armstrong Brian Roberts  Chairman and CEO Michael Angelakis  Vice Chairman and CFO Neil Smit  EVP; President and CEO, Comcast Cable Steve Burke  EVP; CEO, NBCUniversal
Analysts:  Jessica Reif Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank Phil Cusick  JPMorgan Craig Moffett  MoffettNathanson Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo John Hodulik  UBS Brian Kraft  Evercore Partners Vijay Jayant  International Strategy & Investment Group Kannan Venkateshwar  Barclays 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcasts First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations; Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason Armstrong: Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone. Joining me on this mornings call are Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Steve Burke and Neil Smit. Brian and Michael will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. Let me now refer you to Slide #2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks Jason, and good morning everyone. Were off to a great start in 2014. In cable, we added video subscribers again this quarter; grew broadband subscribers at a continued industry leading pace; and we once again generated very strong growth in business services. NBCUniversal was even better, with significant ratings, momentum at NBC Broadcast highlighting the quarter, along with really strong film results. Overall, revenue increased nearly 14%, operating cash flow increased 10% and we generated over $2.8 billion in free cash flow. Starting with cable, we continued to focus on innovation to position ourselves for the future and our customer metrics are responding with meaningful improvement in Triple Play penetration. In video, we added 24,000 customers, the second quarter in a row where we have added customers. In high-speed data, we added 383,000 customers and grew revenues at our fastest rate in two years. And in business services, revenue growth remained strong at nearly 24%, impressive given that we are now approaching $4 billion in annual run rate revenues. We believe our X1 operating system provides our customers an unrivaled experience, making it easier to discover and enjoy tens of thousands of content choices, while at the same time integrating apps and social media. And consumers really like this experience. Voluntary churn for our X1 customers is down 20% to 30% relative to our broader base, while viewing has increased in both, linear and through on-demand and the metrics continue to get better. These positive early results reinforce our decision to accelerate our X1 deployment this year, and we are now adding 15,000 to 20,000 X1 boxes per day, which is double our rate of deployment from just six months ago. Additionally, we are now rolling out a new XFINITY TV app, which enables our customers to live stream virtually their entire television line up on any IP device in the home and watch DVR recordings in the home or on the go. In broadband, we recently increased speeds again for the 13th time in 12 years. Doubling speeds in our Blast products to 105 megabits, while our Extreme tier moved up to 150 for customers in the Northeast. And were not stopping there. Our focus on wireless gateway deployment is adding utility to our customers while at the same time helping us create the largest Wi-Fi footprint in the U.S. with over one million public Wi-Fi hotspots currently available to our customers. We believe we are making real, tangible progress in customer service through simplifying the customer experience. In the first quarter, truck rolls declines roughly 500,000 or 8% compared to 2013. We recently launched the new My Account App, and early feedback has been very positive. The app allows customers to make payments, self-diagnose issues, manage devices and view technician appointments. We are encouraged by progress we have made with customer service, but are going to stay vigilant and focused on further improvements over the course of 2014 and in the years ahead. Over to NBCUniversal, the results were terrific this quarter. The headline is obviously the Sochi Olympics, which aired across our broadcast and cable networks and generated over $1.1 billion in revenues, and contributed positively to operating cash flow. Any way you look at the Olympics, it was a tremendous success. NBC prime time averaged 21.4 million viewers during the Olympics, up 6% from the 2006 to Torino Olympics, the last winter games held in a similar time zone which is especially notable given the growth in live streaming hours. Speaking of live streaming, the Olympics generated 61.8 million visitors across all platforms, a 29% increase relative to the prior Olympics 2010 in Vancouver. And the experience was further enhanced for Comcast Cable customers, where for the first time Comcast offered the NBC Sports Live Extra app on X1, which enabled our customers to watch 500 extra hours of live streaming content on their television. The broadcast story goes well beyond the Olympics this quarter. It is really an incredible turnaround story. Bob Greenblatt and his entire team have done a terrific job. The momentum we achieved in the fall has carried through into 2014, led in part by an amazing transition in late night with both the Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon and Late Night with Seth Meyers off to excellent starts. In fact, NBC is positioned to end the full season as the number one network in the coveted 18 to 49 demographics for prime time and late night. Weve also made strong progress with our NBC-owned stations. I am now pleased to say that nearly 75% of our local newscast now rank one or two in the market, which is up from 50% just two years ago. In cable networks, NBC Sports Network had its most watched quarter in the networks history supported by unprecedented live programming hours record viewership for the Sochi winter games, strong NHL viewership and the English Premier Leagues, three most watched months in U.S. cable history. Bravo also had its best quarter in network history among all key demos. Our film division also had a strong quarter and is reflective of our focus this year on lower cost films with a much better financial risk-reward profile. And the theme park segment saw a stable attendance despite the unfavorable shift in spring holidays in the first quarter which will correct in the second quarter. With the upcoming opening of Harry Porter 2 in Orlando and the added hotel capacity with the opening of Cabana Bay, the theme parks are setup for strong performance in the second quarter and beyond. NBCUniversal has real momentum. And we believe this is sustainable throughout all of 2014. So all in all, I am really pleased with the operating results across our entire business. Id like to spend a quick moment on our merger with Time Warner Cable. The more we get into the planning efforts on our side, the more confident we are about the potential and about the potential synergies. We see significant benefit for consumers in our ability to offer our innovative and industry-leading products to a larger residential footprint, along with opportunities in business services and advertising. The opportunity in this merger remains very compelling. Time Warner Cable shareholders will get 23% stake in the combined entity, and share in the upside of a company with tremendous potential to create value for customers and shareholders. In addition, there has been a lot of talk about potential divestitures, and Michael will detail how we see the opportunity to create value there as well. Our proposed merger with Time Warner Cable is an exciting and unique opportunity and we remain confident that the combination will strengthen a world class organization that will benefit customers, employees and shareholders. So with more on the first quarter, let me turn it over to Michael.
Michael Angelakis: Good morning, and thank you, Brian. We begin 2014 with solid financial results, which reflect consistent execution, profitable growth in the fundamental strength of our businesses. Let me begin by briefly reviewing our consolidated financial results on Slide 4. We are very pleased with our first quarter results which reflect profitable growth across all of our businesses. First quarter consolidated revenue increased 13.7% to $17.4 billion reflecting solid growth in our cable business and an exceptional performance in NBCUniversal, partially driven by the success of the Sochi Olympics. For comparison purposes, when you exclude the $1.1 billion of revenue generated by the Olympics, our consolidated revenue increased at healthy 6.5% during the quarter. Consolidated operating cash flow was strong and increased 10% to $5.5 billion. This result includes $17 million of expenses related to the Time Warner Cable merger, which is included in our corporate and other segment. Excluding these costs, consolidated operating cash flow grew 10.4%. Free cash flow for the quarter decreased 10% to $2.8 million. And free cash flow per share decreased 8.5% to $1.07 per share as growth in consolidated operating cash flow was offset primarily by higher working capital related to the Olympics and higher expenditures for film and TV production. Excluding this working capital impact, free cash flow growth would have been positive. Well provide more detail on this topic later in the presentation. Earnings per share for the first quarter increased 31.5% to $0.71 per share versus $0.54 per share in the first quarter of 2013. To provide a clear comparison, when you exclude gains on sales and acquisition-related items, our comparable EPS increased 33.3% to $0.68 per share. Now lets review the results of our business units in more detail, starting with cable communications on Slide 5. We are pleased with our first quarter performance of healthy financial and customer growth in our cable communications business. Before I discuss the details, I would like to highlight an important change we have made to our customer metrics. Beginning this quarter and as we have previously announced, we are changing our methodology for counting video customers from an equivalent billing units or EBU approach to a billable customers method. This decision changed how certain establishments billed under bulk agreements are reported, such as apartment complexes, healthcare facilities and other multiple dwelling units or MDUs. Under the new billable customers method, as Comcast has the ability to individually bill tenants for additional services not included in the bulk property agreement, the total number of units served at that property accounted as individual customers. If we are unable to provide additional service, it is counted as one customer. Previously we had counted and reported these types of customers on an EBU basis, by dividing monthly revenue received under a bulk contract by the standard monthly residential rate. Because of the nature of the calculation, customer counts under the previously EBU method can artificially decrease or increase as residential rate changes occur in the markets. In addition, the billable customers method improves our customer transparency and aligns our customer count methodology with the rest of the cable industry. This change has also been incorporated into our trending schedules including review of these video customer metrics for 2013, making it easier to compare metrics as we report them. Also we will now disclose the number of our customer relationships and our average revenue per customer relationship. So for the first time, we are disclosing our customer relationships of $26.8 million, which increased by $124,000 in the first quarter, indicating that we have a relationship with nearly one out of every two of the 54 million residential and commercial passing. We continue to experience real strength in our customer metrics with positive net-additions across all of our products. Similar to our strong fourth quarter, our momentum in video continued in the first quarter. We added 24,000 new video customers in the first quarter compared to a net loss of 25,000 in last years first quarter as we continue to execute with improved products, improved customer support and better retention efforts. This growth is an accurate comparison using the billable customers method for the first quarter of 2014 in 13. If we compared video customers using our previous EBU method, we added 4,000 video customers in the first quarter compared to a net loss of 60,000 in last years first quarter. Moving onto high-speed data. The service also continues to gain share as we differentiate our product to service and speed enhancements. We added 383,000 new data customers in the first quarter, and recently announced that we are increasing speeds again marking the 13th time in 12 years that we have increased speeds. In addition, our voice customer base grew by 142,000 in the first quarter proving that voice continues to add value to the bundle. First quarter cable revenue increased 5.3% to $10.8 billion, reflecting growth in our residential businesses, continued strength in business services and solid results in our advertising group. Total revenue per customer relationship increased 4.5% to $134 per month and reflects volume growth, rate adjustments, a higher contribution from business services and increasing number of our customers taking multiple products. We are continuing to have success converting single and double play customers to Triple Play. And at the end of the first quarter, 68% of our customers took at least two products and 36% took three products, compared to 33% at the end of last years first quarter. As we look at our service categories, we reported video revenue growth of 1.3%, reflecting modest rate adjustments to about 69% of our footprint in the first quarter, and an increasing number of customers taking advanced services. We now have 12.6 million high-def and/or DVR customers equal to 56% of our video customers. High-speed internet revenue increased 9% during the quarter, making it again the largest contributor to cable revenue growth, driven by continued growth in our customer base, rate increases and increasing number of customers taking higher speed services. At the end of the quarter, 38% of our residential high-speed customers now take our Blast and Extreme products and received at least 50 megabits of speed. Voice revenue increased 2.1% for the first quarter, driven by growth in our customer base as we continue to focus on the value of the Triple Play. We continue to successfully convert single and double play customers to Triple Play, and acquire new Triple Play customer relationships. In fact, we added 155,000 Triple Play product customer relationships during the quarter. Moving from our residential to our commercial businesses, revenue increased 23.9% to $917 million and was again the second largest contributor to cable revenue growth during the first quarter. This growth is impressive considering business services now approaching a $4 billion run rate business. Our share continues to grow, but we have only captured about 20% of the small end of the market and about 5% share of the mid-sized business segment. Our optimism here continues as business services represent a large and attractive opportunity for the company. Our cable advertising group also performed well as the first quarter revenue increased 6.2% reflecting higher automotive advertising and political revenue. Excluding this political revenue, our core cable advertising increased 3.2%. Please refer to Slide 6. First quarter cable communications operating cash flow increased 4.3% to $4.4 billion, resulting in a margin of 40.9% compared to 41.3% in the first quarter of 2013, primarily driven by a lower level of rate adjustments and the impact of two one-time items, including weather-related expenses incurred during the quarter and the benefit from an NHL walkout rebate in the first quarter of 2013. If we exclude these one-time items, operating cash flow would have been about one point higher and margins would have been flat. We are focused on maintaining stable operating margins even as our programming costs increased. And as we support new initiatives including the deployments of X1, the deployments of the wireless gateways and expansion of business services and XFINITY Home. Programming expenses increases 8.8% in the first quarter of 2014, driven by increases in retransmission consent fees, higher sports programming costs, and step-ups for recently completed long-term agreements. We also continue to increase the amount of content we provide to our customers across multiple platforms. As I mentioned previously, we still expect programming expenses to grow at approximately 9% to 10% for the full year of 2014. We are effectively offsetting these higher programming expenses with an improving product mix as we add more high-speed data, voice and business service customers and upgrade existing customers to higher levels of services such as HD and DVRs and faster internet speeds. In addition, we also continue to gain operating efficiencies and as Brian mentioned, we reduced truck rolls by 500,000 or 8% year-over-year, even as we added new customers and upgrading existing customers to additional products. Customers also continued to elect self-installations, which in the first quarter accounted for 47% of our total installations, up significantly from 38% in the first quarter of last year. In addition, we now have 36% of our customers managing their accounts online. So as we begin the New Year, our cable communications business is off to a solid start and performing well on all fronts, financially, operationally enhancing the product, accelerating innovation and improving our customer support. Now lets move onto NBCUniversals results, which are presented on Slide 7. For the first quarter of 2014, NBCUniversals revenue increased 28.8% and operating cash flow increased 37.6%. These exceptional results were driven in part by the success of the Sochi Olympics. Excluding any revenue impact on the Olympics, NBCUniversal revenue increased a healthy 8.1%. Now lets review the individual business segments at NBCUniversal. For the first quarter, cable networks generated revenue of $2.5 billion, an increase of 12.6% and included $257 million of revenue associated with the Sochi Olympics. Excluding the Olympics, revenue increased 1% driven by a 4.4% increase in distribution revenue, partially offset by a slight decline in advertising revenue of 1.4% as increases in price were offset by ratings pressure at some of our cable networks. Cable networks operating cash flow increased 4.2% to $895 million, reflecting higher revenue, partially offset by our continued investment in original programming and higher sports programming costs, including the impact of the Olympics and the launch of the English Premier League on NBC Sports Network. With regards to our broadcast segment, first quarter broadcast television revenue increased 72.8% to $2.6 billion including $846 million of revenue generated by the Olympics. Excluding the impact of the Olympics, broadcast revenue increased 17% reflecting higher ratings due to the continued success of our prime time line up; more hours of the voice airing during the first quarter compared to last year; the strength of our news division including Today and Nightly News, and the impressive performance in late night. Broadcast operating cash flow increased $157 million to $122 million for the first quarter, reflecting a profitable Olympics, higher advertising revenue from improved ratings and increased retransmission consent fees. Given NBCs rating improvement and strength across the NBC channel portfolio, we are anticipating that this will be a very successful upfront for our company. Early client discussions have been very positive and suggest this could be a meaningful correction year where we can capitalize on our progress in rating success and hope to close the monetization gap we have mentioned in previous calls. Moving onto filmed entertainment, this is clearly off to a great start with first quarter revenue increasing 11.1% to $1.4 billion and operating cash flow increasing $219 million to $288 million, reflecting higher theatrical revenue from the solid box office performance of our slate, including Ride Along and Lone Survivor and the international performance of The Wolf of Wall Street. Switching to our theme park segment, revenue increased 5.4% to $487 million, reflecting increases in per capita spending and stable attendance despite the shift in spring holidays which occurred in the first quarter of last year, but will occur now in the second quarter. Operating cash flow decreased 1.5% to $170 million for the first quarter, reflecting higher operating costs to support new attractions. In the second quarter, we are very excited about the opening of Harry Porter 2 in Orlando as well as having a spring holidays in full swing. Now lets move to Slide 8 to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. Consistent with our plan, consolidated capital expenditures for the quarter increased 6.4% to $1.4 billion compared to the first quarter of 13 reflecting increased investments at both, cable and both NBCUniversal. At cable communications, first quarter capital expenditures increased $51 million or 4.6% to $1.1 billion, equal to about 10.6% of cable revenue versus 10.7% in the first quarter of 2013. The increase was primarily driven by higher spending on CPE, including our new X1 platform and wireless gateways. The level of CapEx spend this quarter benefited from the timing of equipment purchases and will ramp throughout the year. We continue to expect that for the full year of 2014, cable capital expenditures will increase with capital intensity increasing to approximately 14% of cable revenue compared to 12.9% in 2013 as we accelerate the deployment of X1, deploy additional wireless gateways, increase network capacity and continue to invest in expansion of business services and XFINITY Home. So we move to NBCUniversal, first quarter capital expenditures at NBCUniversal increased $28 million to $291 million, primarily reflecting increased investments in facilities as well as theme parks as we build new attractions including new Harry Porter attractions in both parks and a fashioned attraction in Hollywood. As I mentioned in February, we expect that NBCUniversals 2014 capital expenditure plan will remain relatively stable to 2013s level. Now lets move to Slide 9. As I mentioned earlier, we generated consolidated free cash flow of $2.8 billion in the first quarter, a decrease of 10% as growth in consolidated operating cash flow was primarily offset by increased working capital, which was mainly driven by ad sales receivables for the Olympics and net productions spent at our film and TV studios. Excluding the $636 million swing in working capital, free cash flow would have increased during the quarter. We are executing on our 2014 financial plan and increased our return of capital to shareholders by 35% in the first quarter to $1.3 billion, including share repurchases totaling $750 million and dividend payments totaling $508 million for the quarter. Let me now turn to Time Warner Cable. And as Brian mentioned, offered some thoughts on our return of capital strategy and potential divestitures. As has been reported, when shareholder approval for our acquisition of Time Warner Cable is obtained later this year, we intend to increase our repurchase plan by $2.5 billion. This is in addition to the current plan of $3 billion for Comcast, for an expected total of $5.5 billion in share repurchases during 2014. In addition, as you know we have committed divestitures in our Time Warner Cable transaction. We do not comment on rumors, but I will outline our philosophy in financial perspective on this subject. There are a number of potential structures for us to evaluate, maximizing value for our shareholders who will guide our decisions. Some key considerations include amongst others; our ability to divest subscribers in the most tax efficient way possible; our ability to shrink our equity base and/or deliver cash to our shareholders; and our ability to maximize our presence in our most strategic markets. In addition, we anticipate that any divestiture plan will be leverage neutral event for Comcast. In other words, the extent that we sell properties for cash or spin properties any cash proceeds after neutralizing or maintaining our existing leverage ratio can be used for return of capital to Comcast shareholders. This is complex and we believe value enhancing to our shareholders. There is a lot of work to be done in addition to the integration effort and we will provide regular updates as we continue to refine our thinking and analysis. So let me wrap up by saying we are very pleased with our operational and financial performance this quarter. We have started the year off strong. We are making tremendous progress and are focused on continuing our momentum throughout the year. We are excited about the Time Warner Cable merger and the synergy opportunities it presents. We believe it will be accretive on a free cash flow per share basis and are confident that our disciplined investments and our focus on execution will continue to generate profitable growth. Now let me turn the call over to Jason for Q&A.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Michael. Operator, lets open up the call for Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I have a couple of questions. The first one, you mentioned on the call several times of adding wireless gateways and having all these hotspots. I was just wondering if you could give us your vision for Wi-Fi in the kind of longer term with and without Time Warner Cable. How different would your strategy be with our without them? And is this a value-add service to existing wireline HSD subs or is it potentially a stand-alone service?
Neil Smit: Hi Jess, its Neil. I think Wi-Fi, weve rolled out 8.3 million devices. We view it as a very important asset, both as an extension to our data product as well as the ability to launch new products like XFINITY Home. I think the Time Warner merger would extend the network further and the Wi-Fi network build out. We see about 75% to 80% of mobile data consumption happening on Wi-Fi in the home and in the office. So I think we view it as a very positive important asset and well continue to put in hotspots as we go forward.
Brian Roberts: Let me just add to that. I think thats exactly right. Short-term, its a big adder to broadband. And longer-term and including our MVNO potential and other wireless assets that we have in the company, were in a position to think about where wireless is going and how we can participate in a way to build value. And whether thats for existing products or new product, nothing but could things seem to happen by us adding Wi-Fi to the benefit of our consumers.
Jessica Reif Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: And can I just follow-up, Mike, you talked about capital returns and the potential divestiture close to approval. I just wanted to clarify something you said on the  when you announced the Time Warner Cable acquisition. You said that there would be $10 billion  I think the way you phrased it was, that there would be $10 billion in proceeds next year, or I mean in return of capital. Is that  if you divest those and argument like lets say its roughly $10 billion in excess capital to be more or less. Is that in addition to the amount you announced at the time of Time Warner Cable or is that included in [indiscernible]?
Michael Angelakis: Thanks Jessica. Let me put a final point on it. So what we said when we announced the Time Warner Cable deal that, when the deal would close we would increase our authorization by $10 billion. Our view was if we had a $7.5 billion authorization at the beginning of the year and as we announce today, say we used $5.5 billion of that due to the original $3 billion, plus the additional $2.5 billion. That would leave about $2.5 billion worth of capability  $2 billion of the capability. We would then when the deal closes, look to increase our authorization by $10 billion, that would be completely separate from any divestiture assets were talking about.
Jessica Reif Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thats right. Okay, thank you. And then if I could still one last thing. And you talked about closing the monetization gap. Could you or Steve, give us an update on what you think the potential upside is there? You seem  I mean your rates have been great. You seem bullish about the upfront. If you could just clarify, what do you think that is now, the gap is now? And then Im done.
Steve Burke: Well, I think were going into the upfront with the best position weve had in over a decade, primarily driven by NBC. Last year NBC came with 17% behind the leader which was CBS. This year were estimating that well finish in first about 12% ahead of number two. So if you look at that swing, its a 29% swing, which weve gone back to the beginning of people meters. We cant find any network that swung that much in a year. So thats going to give us I think a much stronger hand as we go into the upfront. And were looking at this upfront as a chance to have a correction in that monetization gap. Its hard to precisely say how much that is going to be worth to us, but its going to be worth a lot.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Jessica. Operator, next question?
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank: Thanks so much. I guess two questions. Following up on wireless. The forefront is the concept that your Wi-Fi network obviously can offload much of the wireless data usage giving you a cost advantage of hybrid Verizon wireless MVNO, Comcast Wi-Fi network. If you can talk through your longer term aspirations in wireless and whether such a hybrid service could prove advantageous? Could you have a cost advantage over the incumbents in that business? And then Michael, just for clarification if I missed it. When would you expect to make a decision on divestitures? Thanks.
Brian Roberts: Let me just jump in first and say that I dont think weve announced anything on wireless. Its premature question. I think what were doing is building out hotspots, were doing the routers with dual SSID, were finding our customers enjoy, the technology is getting better where spectrum has been allocated to Wi-Fi. And long-term I think that were studying that market and were encouraged by it. Neil, does that sound right?
Neil Smit: No, I think thats exactly right. Were focused on building out a network and adding value to the HSD product right now, while there has been some speculation on the combined Wi-Fi MVNO. Were focused on just building up the network right now and providing a great experience for the customers.
Michael Angelakis: And Ill take the last question. We actually dont have a particular timeline in terms of announcing the divestitures. Obviously there is a lot of work to do and this is very complex. So our view is lets be very methodical about it and get it right from a variety of perspectives and it will be announced in due course.
Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank: So I mean Michael, the possibility could be early but not necessarily a plan for that?
Michael Angelakis: No, we dont have any particular plan as I just mentioned. Our view is there is a number of moving pieces related to regulatory, related to tax, related to a number of items. And our view is lets be very thoughtful about it. The goal is to maximize shareholder value, so there is no particular internal timeline. Were going to go at a pace that were comfortable with to make sure that we do maximize shareholder value.
Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank: And if I can just ask that, Brian and Neil, given your answer is, is the way we should think about it perhaps that first a product that you could offer is just a Wi-Fi voice, Wi-Fi only voice service just test up the capabilities with network. Is that possible?
Neil Smit: I think were very preliminary in that thinking, Doug, and its probably too early to say.
Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank: All right, thank you so much.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks Doug. Operator, next question please?
Operator: Next question will come from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Cusick  JPMorgan: Hi guys. I wonder if you can talk about price increases through the year, both what youve done so far and how you think about going forward. I know there was some confusion over the last month or so about whats happening on the video side because of equipment increases or the lack of that this year. Do you feel like the equipment price increases are sort of tapped out given the prices already happening on the DTAs and the set-top boxes or is that a possibility of going up in the future? Thanks.
Neil Smit: Hi Phil, its Neil. We did take lower rate increases in video this year overall than last year. We looked at the market and adjusted as we felt was appropriate. We target different segments with different price offers. I dont think the pricing is necessarily topped out as you say. I think it depends on the segment. It depends on the value the service were offering. What were really focused on is driving out X1. Weve seen great results with the product as weve gone into market and its performing very well as Brian said, churns down 20% to 30%. The video numbers were driven by more upgrades and fewer disconnects this quarter and we feel pretty good about the video results were achieving right now.
Phil Cusick  JPMorgan: Neil, if I could follow-up on your CapEx comment. Given the fairly low pace of CapEx on the cable side this quarter, should we anticipate that that 15,000 to 20,000 could accelerate pretty dramatically between now and the end of the year?
Neil Smit: Yes, as Brian also mentioned, were selling 15,000 to 20,000 X1 boxes a day right now. And so that rate had doubled what it was six months ago. So it is accelerating, and I think that there will be some catch up in CapEx over the coming quarters.
Michael Angelakis: And let me just add in. Phil, with regards to the CapEx, we talked about that back in February. Were sticking to our CapEx plan in terms of percentage of revenue and you will see from a CPE perspective almost all of our set-top boxes are X1 type set-top boxes.
Phil Cusick  JPMorgan: Thanks.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Phil. Next question please?
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett  MoffettNathanson: Hi, good morning. Two questions if I could. First for Neil. Neil, you had tested a solution, as I understand if were delivering the X1 user interface without requiring an IP chipset in the box. So ActiveVideo had done one. I think there are other vendors that are doing that. Can you update us on that? I mean we seem like there is a potential for a much lower CapEx profile with faster rollout if that works? And so I just wanted to see where we were on that topic? And then for Mike. Mike, when you did the transaction with all cash for Time Warner Cable, I understand that maybe very tax efficient, but is there any consideration separate and apart from maintaining the leverage after divestitures of potentially readjusting the leverage profile of the combined company after all is set and done?
Neil Smit: So Craig, Ill cover the X1 product. I think what you maybe referring to is the slave devices that act off of the main gateway. You still need an IP set-top box in the house such as the X1. And then you can run lower cost hardware off of that in terms of the additional outlets. The X1, whats great about the product right now as weve learned as weve rolled out the new X2 interface, we can adjust on the fly and launch new products like EFT [ph]. But generally speaking, you need the master device in order to get the lower cost additional outlets.
Craig Moffett  MoffettNathanson: Neil, if I can just interject. Sorry, my understanding is that the solutions I was describing are the solutions that translate the IP interface back into MPEG for delivery to legacy boxes without having to replace boxes in the home.
Neil Smit: We have some backward compatibility. Its primarily with the advanced set-top boxes that well be rolling out overtime. We currently in our solutions rollout the X1 box and its additional outlets, the advanced set-top boxes, but there will be some backward compatibility overtime.
Craig Moffett  MoffettNathanson: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Michael Angelakis: Craig, let me just clarify the Time Warner  so you said all cash, the Time Warner Cable
Craig Moffett  MoffettNathanson: Sorry, I meant all stock, sorry.
Michael Angelakis: Thats what I thought you meant. I just wanted to clarify. With regards to our leverage profile, when we do close a transaction depending on timing, well have approximately $70 billion of debt in our balance sheet in pro forma between 2.2x, 2.3x leverage depending on timing. I think the divestitures are going to be what I call leverage neutral that wherever we end up when the transactions are done, well end up at the same place. I dont think were revisiting our overall balance sheet profile. Our goal long-term, medium-term goal is to be between 1.5x and 2x. And thats going to take us several years to get to when given the magnitude of debt, given our air rating, given how we look at our balance sheet as a real strategic asset, we dont think its appropriate to re-look at the leverage ratios.
Craig Moffett  MoffettNathanson: Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks Craig. Operator, next question please?
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good morning. Neil, just coming back to the video revenue growth and rate adjustment comment you made. This is I think was the lowest quarter in about eight quarters on video revenue and a lot of that is probably timing. So just curious if you can add a little more color on whether youre seeing a market that you need to be a little more sensitive to price, or if this is just the normal kind of quarter-to-quarter timing of when price adjustments rolls through the business? And then, Brian in last call, you talked about X1. I think the comment was a majority of your customers in several years and it sounds like if anything, youre more excited and see more opportunity there. I just wondered if you had finer point on the timing or any more color on sort of the deployment schedule.
Neil Smit: Concerning rate increases Ben, we decided to take lower rate increases this quarter as we evaluated the market. I wouldnt read any trends into it. We took rate increases across the smaller percentage of our footprint this quarter than last year as well, but we target different offers to different customers and I dont think were seeing it topping out. In the competitive arena, the offers are in the same ballpark, the promo prices go up and down, but the destination pricing is fairly similar across these various competitors.
Brian Roberts: I think that in 90 days nothing has changed Ben on our view. I think were more encouraged than 90 days ago. Weve now scaled it more. Weve ramped it, doubled the speed in six months of the rollout. Churns, pay-per-view revenue, customer satisfaction, all those statistics are headed in a good direction. I think your previous question about how can we get it to more devices faster is always on our mind. Are there new technologies that can come along and help to speed that along? One of the things we are rolling out is an app, XFINITY TV, and it really looks like the X1 guide without a box. And it works on every iOS and every Android and every Kindle in your home. So there are  real progress is being made on how to get this to more devices faster without having to spend more capital necessarily, but I think ultimately this is a fantastic product and were getting it out there at measured pace. We started with Triple Play. Now were Double Play. And were constantly getting it to more available to our customers and were trying different marketing things to make it  see how the response rates are and see how the customer satisfaction is. But so far so good.
Michael Angelakis: And let me just say one of the things on video revenue. I just want to make sure were all level set. We have almost 70% of our customers take two services. And 36% take all three services. So we do look at it from a yield perspective with regards to rate adjustments across the entire base and you really have to look at not just video revenue, but high-speed data revenue is up 9% which is a terrific performance compared to prior years. And if you look at all of our recurring revenue, thats actually growing quite nicely as well. So as we continue to have more Double and Triple Plays, the individual product revenue growth I think gets a little distorted.
Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley: Thanks a lot.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks Ben. Operator, next question please?
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo: Thanks. Can you just outline the steps to closing the Time Warner Cable merger? We have the Senate House Committee or the Senate Judiciary Committee will have the house. Then the Time Warner Cable shareholder vote, DOJ, FCCs. Is there anything I am missing? And then just a follow-up. Do you know when the Time Warner Cable shareholder meeting is going to be?
Brian Roberts: This is Brian. I think you have most of the steps. We dont know when that vote is going to be. But you also have local municipalities and state franchising authorities and PUCs where certain business licenses exist. So there is probably even a few more steps than you mentioned but those are the basics.
Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo: Okay. And then just a follow-up on operations. Any thoughts about expanding Streampix or something else within over the top service? I think AT&T made an announcement this morning. We saw Dishnet [ph] and Disney, so any thoughts there?
Brian Roberts: Well Streampix has been a good product for us. Weve learned what customers consume and there is a lot of people who were using the product and even buying the product. I think the OTT model we found to be very difficult. However, as we tried to target different segments, were open to the possibilities of including OTT.
Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo: Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Marci. Next question please?
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik  UBS: Okay, thanks. I guess a follow-up to Marcis question. Last night on the Netflix call, Reed Hastings reiterated his desire to get his product on the X1 box. What is Comcasts view of lot of other content aggregated on the platform? Thats number one. And then two, on the new buyback. Can you give us a sense of timing around the Comcast vote for the Time Warner Cable idea, of when you expect that to occur? Thanks.
Neil Smit: This is Neil. Concerning the Netflix opportunity to get on X1, weve launched a lot of apps. We have Pandora and Facebook and Twitter and we have a number of partnerships. And where there is real win-win relationship and a win for the consumer, were certainly open to the possibilities. I think that a number of the apps are getting a lot of use. We launched the Olympics app with Sochi and that got a lot of use and were going to continue to integrate more functionality into the X1 experience to make it more personalized for the viewer.
Michael Angelakis: With regards to shareholder vote, its hard to tell to be honest with you John. We have to go through the SEC review which were doing now, but I would hope its over the next several months well have that vote, but just difficult to pinpoint as Brian mentioned with Marci. So well have  obviously we have really two shareholders votes; ours as well as Time Warner Cables. And right now were going through that SEC review.
John Hodulik  UBS: Okay, thanks.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks John. Next question please?
Operator: Question will come from the line of Brian Kraft with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Brian Kraft  Evercore Partners: Hi, thanks. So two quick questions. First on high-speed data net-adds. And theyve been at a pretty consistent level in the first quarter for the past three years. We saw some deceleration this year. So the question is, is this indicative of any kind of slowdown in high-speed data net-adds, or was there something anomalous about the quarter whether its weather or just resource allocation or some other reason? And then the other question is on the cable network ad revenue. Excluding the Olympics, it looks like it was down year-over-year. Just wanted to understand what that weakness is related to, is it just ratings, was there a pricing or make an impact too. And how do you see the outlook in 2Q and 3Q on the cable network side for advertising? Thank you.
Michael Angelakis: So let me start with the cable advertising. Actually you have to adjust out the closure of the Style Network or the shutdown of the Style Network. And Fandango, we moved from one category of the company to another company. If you exclude those two things, cable advertisement was up a couple of percentage points. And we are optimistic that were going to have a good upfront in the next ensuing quarter, well do better.
Brian Roberts: And on the HSD side, we feel very good with the quarter, at 9% revenue growth, 383,000 subs. We feel its a good quarter and I wouldnt read any deceleration into the business at all. Were capturing share and we continue to focus on and add value through things like speed upgrades and Wi-Fi.
Brian Kraft  Evercore Partners: Great, thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks Brian. Next question please?
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Vijay Jayant with International Strategy & Investment Group. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant  International Strategy & Investment Group: Hi. I have two questions. You talked about the video ARPU trends and how we should think about it. I wondered, can you just talk about how the skinny video flat broadband offerings are attracting and becoming a bit of piece of mix [ph] and are really resonating? And second for Michael, talked about after divestitures being tax efficient. Is that logical to assume basically that heritage about your assets generally have the highest step-up bases on it. So would it be most logical? Thanks.
Neil Smit: This is Neil. Vijay, with regards to Internet Plus product, its been a very successful product in targeting millennials. Its a good margin product. And we will continue to use it to target that audience, but were overall pleased with the results there.
Michael Angelakis: Honestly Vijay, I dont think we want to get to in the weeds with regards to tax bases and step-ups and those kinds of items. We have lots of assets between our company and obviously Time Warner. And were evaluating a number of factors including tax bases is one of those factors. Other factors are how are we clustered within certain markets and how do we think about value and growth and all those other items. So I dont want to leave you with the perception that there is only one factor or one set of systems. And I think it would be not quite right to go into specifics at this point.
Vijay Jayant  International Strategy & Investment Group: Okay, thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks Vijay. Operator, weve got time for one last question.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Kannan Venkateshwar  Barclays: Thank you. The question I had was on the X1 side. When there is some opportunity in increasing the customer lifetime value because of the reduction in churn. Could you help us with what the revenue opportunity is in terms of the additional products that you are selling and how that is trending in the footprint that you have? And secondly on the content delivering networks side, is there any way to expand that to include other partners and offer differentiated services, which look like over the top services but are probably a different tier?
Neil Smit: This is Neil. Concerning the X1 product, I think the revenue comes in a number of forms. One is the X1 customers are more likely to take Triple Play. Two is were driving more VOD revenue. Three is, were monetizing better from an overall advertising perspective because theyre spending more time watching on-demand where we have the C3 window, and as well as linear. So youre seeing a bump in both overall viewing of the product. Weve launched EFT which has been very successful for us. Weve been the number one retailer in a number of movies weve launched. So those are just the number of things that contribute to the revenue. I think the churn is very important because driving that churn number down that dramatically is going to be a big factor. Concerning the CDN, weve invested hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars of building our CDN. Its a very powerful asset. And I think that as weve had people approach us to consider some sort of arrangement to share and were open to those conversations.
Brian Roberts: Let me just wrap up  Mike did you want to add anything?
Michael Angelakis: Yes. Actually X1 customers take a much higher amount of DVRs as well, which is quite good for us and adds more revenue.
Brian Roberts: So, in just wrapping up, I think a really strong start to the year, terrific work at NBCUniversal and every business segment setting up for a continuation throughout the year. And I think in that last question whats exciting about cable right now is we have a product with the X1 platform that is going to lead for years and years for more innovation to happen. Its a game changer to put it in the cloud to be able to click a button and have a go to Denver and back faster than a click would have happen just looking at a television just a couple of years ago is creates really fantastic opportunity as weve touched on some of them today and some that havent even been invented yet, but its an architectural change that we havent seen in a long time. And so getting that platform out in a measured way will be fantastic for our customers and open up to new businesses. So its a great start to the year. And back to you Jason.
Jason Armstrong: Great. Well, at this point well wrap up here. And thank you everyone for joining us.
Operator: There will be a replay available of todays call starting at 12:30 PM Eastern Standard Time. It will run through Tuesday, April 29, at midnight, Eastern Standard Time. The dial-in number is (855) 859-2056 and the conference ID number is 10792182. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the companys website beginning at 12:30 PM today. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Roberts - Chairman & CEO Michael Angelakis - CFO Neil Smit - EVP, Comcast Corporation, President & CEO, Comcast Cable Communications Steve Burke - EVP, Comcast Corporation & CEO, NBC Universal Jason Armstrong - SVP, Investor Relations
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Phil Cusick - JPMorgan Craig Moffett - Moffett Research Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Jason Bazinet - Citi John Hodulik - UBS Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcasts Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Ill now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Mr. Jason Armstrong. Please go ahead, Mr. Armstrong.
Jason Armstrong: Sure. Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Its a pleasure to be here and Im really excited to have recently joined Comcast. Joining me on this mornings call are Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Steve Burke, and Neil Smit. As weve done in the past, Brian and Michael will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will be available for Q&A. I know in my prior role, I would have been tempted to ask the question about recent press headlines around the consolidation in the cable sector. But our intension here today is to talk about our fourth quarter and 2013 results and we have no comment on press speculation or potential industry consolidation. Let me now refer you to slide number two, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thank you, Jason. And let me officially welcome you to Comcast and to this earnings call. We are all delighted to have you leading Investor Relations. We just celebrated Comcasts 50th anniversary and it was a wonderful and emotional experience for many of the employees in the Company, and a chance to reflect on the past. But I have to say the best part is really thinking about our future, where the Company is headed, and all the opportunities that lay before us. And as we exit 2013, we really have strong momentum across all our businesses and weve achieved some fantastic financial milestones in 2013. And today were reporting results for the fourth quarter and a full year 2013, strong results to demonstrate our confidence and optimism in the future of all our businesses, so we are increasing our dividend 15%, increasing our stock repurchase program authorization to $7.5 billion and announcing our plan to repurchase $3 million of stock during 2014. Combined, this represents an increase in capital return to shareholders of over 30% from 2013 levels. We remain committed to returning a significant percentage of our free cash flow to our shareholders every year. Michael will discuss our results in more detail, but I want to provide a few highlights for both the fourth quarter and the full year performance. So let me start with cable, which had a really strong year of revenue and operating cash flow growth. Our focus on innovation and enhancing the customer experience has driven meaningful improvement in our Triple Play subscriber trajectory. In fact, our customer metrics across each category of video, data and voice, improved in the fourth quarter and also improved for the full year. In video, we added 43,000 subscribers in the fourth quarter which was really a remarkable improvement after 26 straight quarters of subscriber losses. High speed data continues to lead the way in both revenue and subscriber growth. We added nearly 1.3 million customers in 2013, which is a 6% increase and eighth year in a row of more than 1 million customer additions. And the bundling efforts continue to drive strong uptake of voice and we added nearly 800,000 voice subscribers in 2013. And finally business services remains a critical growth driver adding close to $700 million and very profitable revenue growth last year. All in all, it was a fantastic year for cable and we ended on a high note with a very strong fourth quarter. The XFINITY brand is taking hold and the team is delivering consistent performance quarter after quarter. Neil Smit and all of the folks at Comcast Cable are doing a fabulous job. At NBC Universal, Steve Burke and his team had a year that was just as successful. In fact I believe the single most important decision of 2013 was buying in the remaining 49% common stake from GE. We feel great about the improvements at NBC Universal, which have significantly exceeded our expectations. Let me go through some of the highlights. Our cable networks continue to drive NBC Universals profitability. USA remains the highest rated cable entertainment network for the eighth year in a row and Bravo continues to rise again, gaining meaningful traction with its eighth consecutive best year ever. Over at broadcast, NBC ended this past fall in first place for prime time. And even without sports NBC was still tied for first place in the 18 to 49 demo.
 : In 2014 we turned a ramping production and building a strong pipeline for 2015. NBCU is a wonderful diversified portfolio media asset and all four major segments of the business had strong performance in 2013. So as we think through the priorities for 2014, were excited about our businesses and are going to continue to invest to enhance our differentiation and to drive growth. We are innovating faster than ever before and our investments are paying off. We will continue to invest in high speed data with a focus on delivering the fastest speeds to the home as well as the fastest speed within the home. And with only 38% broadband penetration of our homes passed, we believe there is a significant room for continued growth. We have now increased speeds 12 times in 12 years. In addition, we currently have wireless gateways installed in over one third of our high speed data homes and expect 2014 to be another significant year of deployment. Our X1 service is now available in all of our markets and we will accelerate our spending around this deployment, intending to reach the majority of our customers in the next few years. Michael will talk more about this in his remarks, but the initial user feedback in customer metrics are very encouraging. We will also continue to aggressively extend our reach and capability set in the small and mid-sized business segment where we still see substantial opportunities for profitable growth. So I think this is truly an exciting time in so many ways for our cable business. Turning to NBCUniversal; we entered 2014 with the Olympic Games just a couple of weeks away. Let me spend a few moments here because the games are an incredible opportunity to start off the year and our plan is pretty amazing. We're going to deliver the most comprehensive Winter Olympics we've ever had. We will have roughly 500 hours of TV coverage across the NBC broadcast network, NBC Sports, USA, CNBC and MSNBC. As a result, I am pleased to say that our ad sales are at an all-time record for Winter Games. The games are also a great way to demonstrate the type of innovation and integration we continue to drive across the entire company. Every event is going to be available live online for the first time ever in the Winter Games. This will equate to roughly 1,000 hours of live streaming available at NBCOlympics.com, at our NBC Sports Live Extra app. Like no other event to-date, the Olympic Games have been and continue to be a watershed moment and opportunity for TV everywhere helping to drive awareness and usage. So offset [ph] subscribers will be able to consume our content both in and out of the home and on mobile platforms. It really is a fantastic way to start the year and a great way to showcase the strength and the integration of our wonderful portfolio of assets. Let me know turn it over to Michael to cover the results in greater detail.
Michael Angelakis: Good morning. Thank you, Brian. 2013 was a strong year with financial strategic performance for the company and we are very pleased with our fourth quarter and 2013 full year results which reflect consistent execution, profitable growth and the fundamental strength of our businesses. Based on our confidence and the core strengths of the business and our positive operational momentum, as Brian just mentioned, we are increasing our total return of capital to shareholders in 2014 by more than 30%. I will address our 2014 financial strategy a bit later, but now let's discuss our business performance for 2013 in more detail. Let me begin by briefly reviewing our consolidated financial results on Slide 4. For the full year, excluding 1.2 billion of revenue generated by the London Olympics and 259 million of revenue from the Super Bowl in 2012, consolidated revenue increased 5.8% to 64.7 billion. On a reported basis, full year consolidated revenue increased 3.3%. Full year 2013, again excluding the impact of the Olympics in 2012 and costs associated with the termination of a pension plan this year, our operating cash flow increased 8.3% to 21.5 billion. On a reported basis, consolidated operating cash flow increased 7.3%. Free cash flow for 2013 increased 6.9% to 8.5 billion and free cash flow per share increased 9.2% to $3.19 per share. This growth was primarily driven by increases in the consolidated operating cash flow and some timing benefits in working capital related to the performance of our film slate, as well as favorable comparisons to production spending and the rights for 2012's Olympics. These improvements were partially offset by increased capital expenditures and cash taxes. On a reported basis, full year earnings per share increased 12.3% to $2.56 from $2.28 in 2012. However, excluding gains on asset sales, favorable tax adjustments, investment losses and pension termination costs, EPS grew 28% to $2.47 per share in 2013. Table 4 in our press release provides more detail on EPS. These healthy consolidated results reflect a strong execution in performance of both our cable and NBCUniversal businesses. Now let's review the results of our business units in more detail starting with cable communications on Slide 5. In 2013, cable communication had another year of strong financial results and improved customer metrics. Cable communication's revenue increased 5.6% to 41.8 billion for the full year reflecting solid growth in our residential businesses and continued strength in business services partially offset by lower political advertising. In 2012 we generated 240 million of political ad revenue making our 2013 comparisons challenging. As a result, cable advertising revenues declined 4.2% for the full year. However, excluding the political ad revenue, core cable advertising increased 4.8% for the full year. Excluding advertising revenue, the cable business has generated consistent results with the revenue increasing 6.2% for the year which is consistent with the growth rate in each of the last six quarters as we've appropriately balanced financial and customer growth. We continue to experience real strength in our customer metrics and ended the year with improvement across all of our products. In the fourth quarter we added 649,000 total video, high speed Internet and voice customers, a 29% increase in net customer additions over last year's fourth quarter. For the year we added 1.8 million total customers, a 17% increase in net additions compared to 2012 despite a more competitive environment with an additional 2.3 million overbuilt homes in our markets this year. These results demonstrate we are competing better and have intensified our focus on customer retention in the value of our Triple Play strategy. We are growing our customer relationships, increasing the number of customers receiving higher levels of services and have an increasing number of customers taking multiple products. At year end, 79% of our video customers took at least two products and 44% took all three services versus 40% in 2012. As Brian mentioned, we added 43,000 video customers in the fourth quarter. This marks improvement over the 7,000 video subscriber losses in last year's fourth quarter and the first time we've gained video subscribers since 2007. For the full year, we reduced video losses by nearly 10% compared to 2012 even with an aggressive increase in our overbuilt service areas. Our excellent platform and industry-leading on-demand service are best-in-class products and we are successfully upgrading non-video customers and improving retention. High speed Internet also delivered impressive subscriber performance as we added 379,000 new customers in the fourth quarter, an 11% increase over last year. For the full year we added 1.3 million new customers, the eighth year in a row that we added more than 1 million high speed Internet customers and now have a total of almost 21 million high speed Internet customers. Voice also delivered solid growth. We added 227,000 new customers in the quarter, a 35% increase. For the full year, we added 768,000 new customers for a total of approximately 11 million. This is a 25% for the year over 2012's net additions as we have successfully converted single and double-play customers to Triple Play and acquired new Triple Play customer relationships. At the end of 2013, our voice penetration was 20% of homes passed. As we review the individual service categories, we reported healthy video revenue growth of 2.3% for the fourth quarter and 2.9% for the full year, driven by the impact of rate increases in an increasingly number of customers taking advanced services. We added 658,000 advanced service customers in 2013 and now have 12.4 million high-def and/or DVR customers, equal to 57% of our video customer base. High-speed Internet revenue was again the largest contributor to cable revenue growth, as revenue increased 8.7% for the quarter and 8.3% for the year, reflecting continued growth in our customer base, rate increases in an increasingly number of customers taking higher speed services. At the end of the year, 36% of our residential high-speed customers took at least a 50 megabit speed. Our high-speed Internet service is clearly capturing market share as we continue to improve and differentiate our product through service and speed enhancements. Voice revenue increased 3.7% for the fourth quarter and 2.8% for the full year, driven by growth in our customer base as we continue to focus on the value of the Triple Play. Business services was the second largest contributor to cable revenue growth for the quarter and for the year, with revenue increasing 25.3% in the fourth quarter and 26.4% for the full year as total 2013 revenue was 3.2 billion. The small end of the market where businesses with less than 20 employees continues to grow nicely and were focused on executing our market by market plan. We are also making progress penetrating mid-size enterprises and this business now represents 20% of this groups revenue and is growing at an accelerated rate. Business services continues to experience momentum and represent a large and attractive opportunity for the company. With approximately 10% to 15% market share this is a substantial opportunity for additional growth. When you evaluate our cable business in aggregate, our total revenue per video customer reached $164 per month in the fourth quarter, a 6.8% increase over last year. Now let's move on to Slide 6. In 2013 cable communications operating cash flow increased 5.8% to $17.2 billion resulting in stable margins as we effectively managed higher programming expenses and absorbed increased expenses to support new initiatives in the deployments of X1 and wireless gateways across our footprint, as well as the expansion of business services and XFINITY Home. Programming expenses increased 8.6% in 2013 slightly below our original estimates but nonetheless reflecting higher rates in step ups related to certain agreements in increasing retransmission consent fees in sports program and costs. As we look to 2014, we expect programming expense growth to accelerate to approximately 9% to 10% for the year driven by several factors including once again meaningful increases in retransmission consent fees, higher sports programming costs and step ups for recently completed long-term agreements. In addition we continue to be very proactive in expanding our on-demand library, in expanding our rights to multiple platforms. We believe we're leading the industry by offering the most robust on-demand and TV Everywhere services giving us a meaningful competitive advantage. We once again believe we have appropriately planned for these programming expense increases and are confident we can effectively offset these costs through modest rate adjustments, further efficiencies and improving product mix as well as increasing the number of customers upgrading to higher tiers of service. As a result we expect to maintain relatively stable margins. We continue to achieve efficiencies in our operations and improve our customer experience with improved customer service tools and self service options. At year end more than one-third of our customers are managing their accounts online with 9 million unique visitors, a 42% increase over the prior-year. In addition more customers are electing self installations which accounted for 42% of our total installations in 2013 compared to 30% last year. As a result of these efforts we reduced our truck rolls by 3.5 million in 2013 and in over the last two years weve reduced our truck rolls by approximately 8 million. Were also more efficient and specialized in our call centers with centers of excellence dedicated to sales, billing, service and retention. Just as a reminder, when we report first quarter earnings in April well be changing our disclosure of customer metrics from an SEC equivalent or EBU basis to a billable units methodology. At the end of the first quarter well also restate our customer metrics for 2013 making it easier to compare 2014 metrics as we report them. We believe this change will reinforce our operating focus on customer relationships and align our customer count methodology with the rest of the industry. To wrap up the cable segment our XFINITY brand continues to build positive awareness and our performance in 2013 clearly demonstrates that we are executing well and competing effectively with our improved products and services. We are pleased that the cable group has delivered strong, consistent results, and in 2014 we remain focused on sustainable profitable growth and plan to build on this positive momentum. Now lets move on to NBC Universal results which are presented on Slide 7. Excluding any impact from the Super Bowl and Olympics in 2012, NBC Universals full-year 2013 revenue increased 5.7% and operating cash flow increased 18.7% reflecting strong results across all business segments. For 2013 on a reported basis NBC Universals revenue decreased 0.7% and operating cash flow increased 15.2%. Now lets take a closer look at the individual segments at NBC Universal. Our cable networks generated full-year 2013 revenue of $9.2 billion an increase of 5.4% driven by 6.5% increase in distribution revenue and 4.3% increase in advertising as ratings pressure at some of our cable networks was offset by higher pricing. Cable networks operating cash flow increased 6% to $3.5 billion in 2013 reflecting improved revenue performance partially offset by an increase in programming and production costs as we continue to invest in original programming and experience higher sports cost reflecting more NHL games this year versus last year and the launch of the English Premier League on NBC Sports Network. In addition we had higher advertising, marketing and promotion expense to support the launch of these new shows and events. With regards to our broadcast segment, we ended the year on a strong note with fourth quarter revenue increasing 11.5% to $2.2 billion and operating cash flow growing 54.8% to $140 million driven by higher primetime ratings from the success of The Voice, The Blacklist and Sunday Night Football. Full-year 2013 results were a bit muted due to difficult comparisons to 2012 that included a Super Bowl, Olympics and higher political advertising. However excluding the Super Bowl and the Olympics, broadcast revenue increased 5.4% and operating cash flow increased 45% to $345 million in 2013 reflecting the meaningful progress we have made in this business in terms of improved ratings, higher advertising revenue and increased retransmission consensus. Moving to film entertainment, 2013 was a record year for NBC Universal as it enjoyed the best Box Office performance of its history, driven by outstanding success of Despicable Me 2 as well as the strong performances of Fast & Furious 6 and Les Misrables. As a result revenue increased 5.7% to $5.5 billion and operating cash flow increased over $400 million to $483 million in 2013. Switching to our Theme Park segment, we had another terrific year. Full-year revenue increased 7.2% to $2.2 billion and operating cash flow increased 5.3% reaching $1 billion for the first time a very exciting milestone for this business. The strong results were driven by strong attendance and per capita spending at both parks reflecting the continued success of Harry Porter in Orlando and the Transformers attraction at both parks. To summarize NBC Universal we are just very pleased with the progress made at NBC Universal and since the original announcement our operating cash flow has increased approximately 50% on a pro forma basis. Now lets move to Slide 8 to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. We believe that operational excellence and strategic differentiation drive shareholder value. So we have an operating strategy that is execution focused and a financial strategy that is focused on risk adjusted returns. Our strategy support these goals by investing in our business where there are attractive opportunities, maintaining a strong balance sheet and providing a consistent and sustainable return of capital to shareholders. Our number one priority remains generating strong and sustainable returns by investing in our businesses. In both cable and NBC Universal we are investing to strengthen our competitive positions and to support attractive organic growth opportunities. As we planned 2013 consolidated capital expenditures were $6.6 billion compared to $5.7 billion in 2012 reflecting increased investments at both cable and NBC Universal. At cable communications 2013 capital expenditures increased 9.8% to $5.4 billion equal to 12.9% of cable revenue. This capital plan primarily reflects higher spending on CPE including our new X1 boxes and wireless gateways. Our continued investments in network infrastructure to ensure our leadership in video and high speed internet as well as the expansion of new services such as business services and XFINITY Home. In 2013 we began the deployment of our X1 service and we are very pleased with the early customer feedback. Clearly this is an improved experience for our customers making it easier to navigate through the 10s and 1000s of content choices we offer. Early results show that X1 customers use our video-on-demand service more and our VOD revenue for these customers is higher. In addition more X1 customers are subscribing to DDR and upgrading to Triple Play. And we are also seeing reduced churn levels among these X1 customers. Based on the early positive customer results and strong double-digit returns of X1, we plan to accelerate the pace of deployment to reach the majority of our video customers over the next three years. In addition to this X1 acceleration, we plan to deploy additional wireless gateway to enable our customers to receive the fastest in-home Wi-Fi, increase network capacity and continue to invest to fuel the expansion of both business services and XFINITY Home. As a result, our 2014 capital investment plan will increase approximately 100 basis points to approximately 14% of cable revenue from approximately 13% in 2013. At NBCUniversal, in 2013, we had a similar approach. Capital expenditures increased 397 million to 1.2 billion, primarily driven by increased investments in theme parks as we build new attractions including Transformers and expansion of Harry Potter and Orlando and Despicable Me and Harry Potter in Hollywood. In 2014, NBCUniversal's capital investment plan remains stable at 2013's level as we continue to invest in theme park attractions including Harry Potter at both parks. Our theme parks' OCF has increased from 400 million in 2009 to over 1 billion in 2013 as a result of new investment. Over the same time, combined attendance at both parks has increased over 40%. We remain excited and optimistic about the next phase of Harry Potter opening in Orlando this summer and expect this to generate strong returns by increasing profitability and attendance and continuing the transformation of our parks into must-visit destinations. The vast majority of both cable and NBCUniversal's investment plans are growth-oriented capital and should yield attractive IRRs coupled with strong strategic advantages. Let's move on to Slide 9. We continue to have a strong commitment to deliver a consistent and sustainable return of capital to shareholders through a combination of dividends and buybacks. In 2013, we returned 4 billion to shareholders and with today's announcement our total return of capital is increasing 32% to 5.2 billion in 2014. This incorporates a 15% increase in our dividend to $0.90 per share on an annual basis and a plan to repurchase 3 billion of our stock in 2014, a 50% increase compared to our 2012 buyback. This total return represent a payout of 62% of our last 12 months free cash flow and 77% of our last 12 months net income. In addition, our Board of Directors had increased our stock repurchase program authorization to 7.5 billion. We have consistently increased our annual dividend since we instituted it in 2008 at $0.25 per share. Today, a newly announced level of $0.90 per share represents 33% of our last 12 months net income and raises our current dividend yield to approximately 1.7% which is relatively in line with the S&P 500. Since 2008 and through our return of capital commitments in 2014, we will have returned 24 billion to shareholders including 9 billion in dividends and repurchasing 15 billion in shares. By all measures we believe 2013 was a very successful year. As we begin 2014, we are positive and feel very good about our financial strength, our operating momentum and the attractive opportunities ahead at both cable communications and NBCUniversal. We look forward to executing on those opportunities ahead and continue to achieve profitable growth and build value for our shareholders. Now, let me turn the call back to Jason for Q&A.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Michael. Operator, let's open up the call for Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. One for NBC and one for cable, if that's okay. For the NBC, your numbers came in above what I think most of us expect from other media companies and it looks like you're really heading your stride at this point, but there still seems to be a lot of untapped potential at basically every division. So just to help me, maybe Steve could address what you see as the biggest areas of upside as we go forward?
Steve Burke: Well, Jessica, as Mike said in his introduction and when we looked at the company before we ended up doing a deal with GE, cash flow  since that point cash flow has increased 50% and we feel like we still have a long way to go. And the opportunity exists, I think, pretty much across the board. We're investing a lot more in the theme parks going from 400 million of cash flow to over 1 billion. We think that cash flow in the theme parks can increase significantly with investments like Harry Potter to hotels and other investments in the future. I think broadcast television has a long way to go. We now have ratings. First, you got to get the ratings; then you can sell the ratings if there is sort of a lag variable. So I think broadcast has real upside. We seem to be hitting our stride and being a little bit more strategic with our portfolio when in film. And of course we've got a great group of cable networks. We do feel there's a monetization gap between how we're doing in terms of ratings and box office and everything else and the amount of operating cash flow we're generating, but pretty much everywhere you look we still think there's a lot of opportunity. And as you said, we believe we're off to a good start but there's plenty more to go.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then on the cable side, how much of a factor was X1 in terms of positive video subs, is this  I guess what I really wanted, is this looking a reverse course on a full year basis?
Neil Smit: I think X1 was not really a material part of the fourth quarter positive sub numbers. It's a great product. We're rolling it out across the country. As of today, we have it across 100% of the footprint. We're seeing great results, cut-through status. Like the guide more than the other guides video. VDO; metrics are up 25% on views and 20% transactions. Churn is down. So we're really pleased with the results. I think it's going to take a while before we go positive for the year, but we're clearly going to be aggressively rolling out X1 based on the strong double-digit returns we're seeing with it.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Operator, next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good morning. A couple of cable questions, Mike or Neil. You guys talked about the advanced product penetration. I think its well above 50% now. And a lot of the investments you've been making have taken  it seems like it's taken the customer base to maybe a more premium customer base. I'm wondering if that's been a strategy of yours. Maybe can talk about the sort of B1 or low end of the market that you've got left at this point? And does this equate to greater pricing power, lower churn over time as you sort of deepen the advanced product and as you mentioned, well, we haven't even seen sort of the benefits with X1 yet? And then next, sort of a quick follow-up on commercial?
Neil Smit: Well, we are focused on our high value customers and we do feel that our role is to continue to add value to our products and suite of services. The X1 platform is a big step forward because you can launch other products off there. For example, we launched EST, electronic sell-through where you can buy a movie off the platform and there was the top selling Fast & Furious and Despicable Me to retail channel for  with the Thanksgiving holiday. So it's a very powerful platform. I think going forward we're very focused on the high value steps. We've step up a differentiated treatment for those subs in the call centers. And what we did during the quarter is the connect volume overall was up but the disconnect volume or its index down, so that's what resulted in the positive subs.
Michael Angelakis: One thing I'll just chime in on, Ben, is obviously we're really focused on bundling and you can see the percentage of our Triple Play bundle is continuing to increase by about 400 basis points year-over-year. So that is really adding value to our customer base. And as you move up that bundle from single to double, triple, obviously you have lower churn, which is certainly helpful. So the whole customer lifetime value increases on the Triple Play which is something we are very focused on in terms of how you think through advance services and returns and those kinds of things.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Right. And then just quickly on the CapEx increase which looks like about 600 million or 700 million or so on cable. You mentioned commercial, Mike or Neil either one of you, how much of this is now sort of penetrating the medium size? I think you guys have talked a lot about sort of small business being the predominant source of revenue, but I would imagine it's a little more capital intensive as you get into the larger enterprise area.
Neil Smit: Well, right now the enterprise, the mid-sized business is about 20% of the overall. It's up from 15% quarter two ago, so it is growing at a faster rate than the small size business. It does require more initial capital per unit per building, if you will, but you get stronger returns over time. We are pleased with the product suite. Its an accretive business to us and the team, Bill Stamper and team have done a great job just pulling together the organization and focusing on those opportunities. But SME is still the largest percentage of our overall revenue next year.
Michael Angelakis: So when you look at capital for 2014 the increase -- there is some increase in business services which Neil said is really terrific returns and we go through them very frequently. And the SME side is great and majority of it is really around the accelerated deployment of X1 which also as I mentioned has great double-digit returns and also has other strategic advantages which are really important. So, commercial services is part of that increase and X1 is a larger part.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Jason Armstrong: Operator, next question please?
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks so much. Michael gave the strong double-digit returns for X1. Neil, are you willing to walk through the economics of X1 in any more detail given the big ramp in investment this year and Ive got a couple of follow-ups on that.
Neil Smit: Sure. Let me run through a few of the stats. One is weve rolled it across the entire footprint. Weve opened the gate, it used to be just available for Triple Play customers, its available for some Double Play customers as well. So were rolling it out more aggressively. Weve already in -- as of the end of the month everyone will be getting the new what we code named X2 guide. So it shows you how quickly you can change a software platform from X1 to X2 is a better user experience and I think if you lay that great improved user experience on top of all the content rights that we have, that Michael refer to and our TV Everywhere rights in and out of Home rights, its a very powerful combination. About 65% of the X1 subs rate the excellent guide of superior to their other guide experiences. VOD viewing goes up 25%, VOD transactions were up 20%. More X1 customers want DVR -- and X1 there is a larger percentage of X1 customers who are Triple Play customers. So as you think about it, you're getting a higher ARPU per X1 sub. The rollout is going well, the platform is stable and as a -- another side of momentum building around the X1 platform, Cox recently agreed to partner with us to better understand what elements that the X1 platform might be useful to support their next gen video services across the various platforms. So we'll be working together to explore the opportunity to identify where X1 may be useful in their business.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Right.
Michael Angelakis: To add Doug, one more data point is churn is actually down voluntary churn in our X1 base too. So you plug in all the variables that Neil just mentioned and literally our CLV increases and our IRS well into double-digits.
Brian Roberts: But let me just way in also that the -- there is some good trends happening as we look into multi-year strategy, the cost per home with Whole Home DVR, Cloud DVR and Second Devices as weve shown little smaller boxes that can attach to this platform that then allow in home experiences as well as second, third devices for much lower cost than the original X1 box plus the cost of the box itself. All those things are coming down in price and so there is -- we think that the ability to get this to many, many people is going to keep getting more and more economically better, the returns, are only going to improve as we go and so at some point you cross that line that were so excited about the initial feedback that they just began to roll out and we are pretty excited.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: So I think out of the 20 follow-up potential questions, I will limit myself to one. Just curious Michael how much is cable OpEx been impacted in 2014 for the roll out and is that a potential future tailwind as the investment spending winds down?
Michael Angelakis: To be honest in 2013, in 2014 we did absorb OpEx related to X1 in the roll out, but obviously weve managed through that. No different than us absorbing OpEx related to XFINITY home or business services expansion in SME. So its us, its part of the business and were able to power through that. We kept margin stable in 2013 and our expectation is we will power through that in 14 and keep margin stable in 14 as well. So, yes there is some of that.
Brian Roberts: I'll also add, Michael, that we have rolled out the DOCSIS 3 platform, we gone all digital, weve rolled out business services and we kept margins during that period relatively stable.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks so much.
Jason Armstrong: Thanks, Doug. Operator, let's move to the next question.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.
Phil Cusick - JPMorgan: Hi, guys. Thanks. First, a bit of a follow-up on Dougs question. As a think about the typical price increases youve quantified after the first quarter each year. Can you help us think about what you're planning on in the first quarter or what youve already rolled as we think about year-over-year video subs? And then second Brian, conference a few weeks ago, you outlined 2014 as an investment year in film. Can you help us think about what the working capital drive for that business might be as we think of that free cash flow? Thanks.
Michael Angelakis: So I will take the rate increases question. Our rate increases are going to similar to previous years, in the 3% range. Were rolling amount across the wider footprints than we did last year in the first quarter. So there will more people affected by rate increases. However, we feel good about the overall environment and were carrying some good momentum from Q4. So we got our head down and trying to improve. At the end of the day were trying to improve the results year-over-year, every quarter and weve done it 11 about -- out in the last 13 quarters.
Brian Roberts: Well, I think that the -- just to finish that question, I think thats the way to be judging us myself which is over these old periods of time are we making headway year-over-year, not positive or negative in any one quarter. But it's a great achievement and thank you Neil for the fourth quarter. As I think about 2015, I think Michael is better to talk about free cash. So I just think that Jeff Shell is now at Universal, very excited about the new opportunity and 2015 there the slate appears to be fantastically exciting. There is an investment that you can make in the year before. So it's a little bit of an up-and-down business in terms of the free cash flow way to judge it. We had a nice 2013, but Michael why don't you go through the detail?
Michael Angelakis: Yes. Let me just -- 2013 obviously film had a terrific year in terms of performance, in terms of operating cash flow. But there is a little bit later on the production spent in 2013 for the 14 slate. As we -- and thats obviously working capital benefit that we had in 13 related to free cash flow. As we enter 14, we have a great slate for 2015 that were going to more normalize our spend in 14 and that's going to absorb some cash in 14, which helps build that 15 slate. So I think thats what Brian meant at the conference and I try to articulate on my prepared remarks.
Phil Cusick - JPMorgan: Excellent.
Brian Roberts: So just to put some specificity around 2015 Steve, why dont you just run through couple of movies?
Steve Burke: Well in 2015, we have Jurassic Park 4, Fast & Furious 7, Minions, which is kind of a sequel of Despicable Me -- the Despicable Me franchise, we have 50 Shades of Grey, we have a very, very strong year potentially Ted 2. So that investment is were incurring that investment right now as we gear up to what should be a very strong year for Universal in 15.
Michael Angelakis: And so, just to clarify, I really look at this as a little bit of a normalization because 13 was a little bit lower than one would have expected. And I think 14 is going to be a little bit of a catch year in preparation for 15.
Phil Cusick - JPMorgan: Great. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Operator, next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Craig Moffett with Moffett Research.
Craig Moffett - Moffett Research: Hi. Thank you. First congratulations Jason. Ive got to say, Im happy not to have to compete with you anymore. So a question about the Enterprise segment. I know you cant talk specifically about what was reported last night, but I think -- I wonder as you think about what we might do down the road in the large Enterprise segment, whether Neil may be you could talk about what is that you need to put in place first and how do we think about the timeline over the next few years for you to make a real run at the large enterprise multinational corporation segment?
Neil Smit: Well as you know Craig weve been focused on small and mid size and were still only 10% to 15% penetrated there and see a lot of opportunity for growth there. On the enterprise side, weve been -- we are aware of the space, we are aware of the competition there. I think there will be network implication, there will be organizational implications. But right now were focused on small and mid for the time being.
Brian Roberts: The only thing I would just add is that one of the great things about this business for so many years is we find new products to sell using our existing base. Who would have thought of Wi-Fi being as great an add on to your in-home broadband and if we can get to larger businesses who will think of it very differently than they would have five years ago and in whatever cooperative manner than we can do that, it should be a business opportunity down the road right now going from small to medium. It's not even a logical thing to say someday, but it's not on the focus right at this moment.
Craig Moffett - Moffett Research: Thank you. And if I could add the follow-up, you mentioned Wi-Fi. Has your view of Wi-Fi as a real business separate and apart from this value-added to your existing broadband subscribers changed at all in the last six months or a year?
Brian Roberts: Well, I think we're paying careful attention to the technological innovation and the potential opportunity that it creates. We're hopeful that in the government thoughtfulness as to what to do with spectrum allocation for the country that Wi-Fi is very much top of mind because as I just said, who would have placed a tablet having this kind of explosive growth. Without Wi-Fi I don't think it would have happened. And so it's hard to completely predict it, but we are well positioned and we've added Wi-Fi  I mean I don't want it to be lost into every modem that we now put into people's homes and last year that was
Michael Angelakis: 7 million
Brian Roberts: 7 million times that we've installed this capability in people's houses and we intend to do that again this year. So, that may be in some ways the most important thing we've done. So is it an opportunity someday to add Wi-Fi to our network outside of the home? Well, we're doing that in some cities. We're testing different technologies. There are other companies who are also doing that for their own business purposes. And we just, for example, this week announced with the San Francisco 49ers that we're going to do their entire stadium and have new capabilities that they very well expand into your neighborhood and into your commute and patterns and into restaurants as we've already seen in a lot of cities. It's a very interesting area and I think it's synergistic for us and we're keeping tabs of it.
Neil Smit: I think that we should  we have almost 1 million hot spots right now that people are utilizing both in-home and out of home.
Craig Moffett - Moffett Research: Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Operator, the next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo: Thanks. I have two questions. The first, Michael, you talked about accelerating programming costs and I was just wondering how much does your thoughts about sub trends chapter in? Meaning that the better the subscriber trends are, presumably the higher the P&L programming costs will be. That's the first question. And secondly, just generally thinking about your M&A strategy, one of the questions I think all of us are getting is how to think about would a domestic distribution deal have any impact on your ability to expand internationally and whether that would be distribution or content? Thanks.
Michael Angelakis: Okay. On programming costs, listen  number one, that's I think a high class program in terms of subscriber growth which I think you might mention. We are I think pretty diligent in negotiating our programming contracts and I think we're somewhat fortunate in 2013 where we had originally projected as our increasing programming costs, we came in lower, I don't know, 140, 150 basis points. Part of this is timing in terms of when contracts are up; part of it is retransmission consent. Those I can say somewhat are controllable but some not. And then part of it is really in terms of sports and some other areas. So it's a hard question because our goal really is to continue to improve on our subscriber trends and that obviously will have a positive impact in our sort of per subscriber program in costs. And I think Neil addressed that earlier. On M&A, the view really is on international we are a bit underweight. We've mentioned that. It's really our goal to be very educated on a country-by-country basis and see if there are opportunities for us whether it's distribution or content. That really makes sense from a shareholder value perspective. On M&A overall we're going to remain very disciplined. We're going to be  as I mentioned before, we're going to have our strategic filters in place. We'll have our financial filters in place and we're really going to evaluate that. So, it's all about can we get it value enhancing from a shareholder perspective and we want to be very focused, we want to be very educated, we want to make sure we look at everything. I think our shareholder base expects us to do that. But if we're to do anything, it's going to be value creative and that's really the focus right now.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo: Thank you.
Jason Armstrong: Operator, next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi.
Jason Bazinet - Citi: I just had a question for Mr. Roberts. Either organically or via M&A, would you say it's a strategic priority of the firm to be hedged, if you will, on content costs? Meaning today, I think you spend about $2 on content on the cable side for every dollar you get for content on the NBC side within cable nets. Is that a priority or is that sort of the long way to think about how you're thinking about the business?
Brian Roberts: Well, I don't actually think of it that way. I think it happens to be a fact and I think compared to many other companies that's a good fact if you're a shareholder because no one has a perfect crystal ball. But the bottom line is we love both businesses and that's what we said for many, many years all the way for me personally back to when I was on Ted Turner's Board. They were starting all these cable channels, they looked like great businesses that didn't make cable a bad business, it's just  it was a new business. And then finally is the synergy between the two companies and I think what you'll see during the Olympics, as a for instance is by understanding both businesses were smarter and maybe just a little better than we would be if we were two separate companies. And with the kind of hopefully culture and chemistry in the company and across the company that proves itself out, whether it's the electronic sell-through that Neil mentioned or what we're going to do with the Olympics in Sochi, both on the XFINITY side and on the NBCUniversal side. And I think we're creating something very, very special. And as an investor, yes, you get the fact that if programming costs are going up or there's a new type of utilization that causes that cost to go up, we're on both sides. We're helping to innovate and make that possible and I like that balance that the company has.
Jason Bazinet - Citi: Thank you very much.
Jason Armstrong: Operator, next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John Hodulik with UBS.
John Hodulik - UBS: Great. Thanks. Three quick ones. First, as it relates to table CapEx, I know Michael you don't want to give sort of longer term guidance but that 14% in '14, should we think of that as sort of a peak level or could you see it drifting higher than that in '15? And then given the increased investment you're putting into the home with the X1 box and modems, it sounds like you expect that to eventually be a driver of better video trends going forward with a lower churn. How about pull-through effects on the broadband side, right? Here you'll be able to some more Triple Play, again better capabilities. Do you expect that improve trends on broadband? And then lastly on the leverage, I guess this is a follow-up to the M&A question. You said 1.5 to 2 is your target but have you guys said that you would be willing to go above that if in fact there's a better  there's an M&A opportunity that made sense, would you be willing to go above to that extent?
Michael Angelakis: Okay. On the CapEx side, we said 2014 will come in approximately 14%. You're right, John. We don't give guidance going forward and the vast majority of our capital is actually growth-oriented capital. So I think we really want to take a look as we go through the year on the success of that deployment and that's really part of the plan. If it's successfully deployed, that's terrific and we'll reevaluate as we enter towards the end of '14 of what '15 will look like. So we're hopeful that the deployment will be successful. I don't know what peaked in  I really don't want to get into that, but I just want to make sure that you understand that the vast majority of our CapEx is growth oriented and we have checkpoints along the way to make sure that the deployment is successful and generating the financial returns and strategic returns were impending too. Do you want to take the one on the?
Brian Roberts: Concerning X1 and its impact on other customers or RGUs, we have seen that excellent customers are more likely to upgrade to the Triple Play. We have seen that they are generally  they request DVRs more, they over-index in that category. So I think it will have a positive impact on insurance. We know Triple Play sub churn at a lower level and we think it will have a positive impact on ARPU as well as thereby [ph] upgrade to DVR and buy more VOD. Generally speaking, the product has been very well received by the field and by the customers and I think it will have a positive overall effect on the business.
Michael Angelakis: John, I'll go back to the leverage ones. So when we closed NBCUniversal, that was sort of nine, 10 months ago, our leverage popped up to about 2.4 times. And now we ended 2013 at roughly 2.3 times, so it's a modest decrease. It's really our goal, more medium-term goal to bring that leverage down to, as I mentioned, under 2; between 1.5 and 2 but we recognize that's going to take years, and I think thats really all we can say that, I think we can do several things at once. We can invest for growth like were doing NBC and at Comcast cable. We can increase our returns of capital which obviously we announced today. I think well modestly deliver over a number of years.
John Hodulik - UBS: Got you. Thanks guys.
Jason Armstrong: Operator, we have time for one last question.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Kannan Venkateshwar with Barclays.
Kannan Venkateshwar - Barclays Capital Inc.: Thank you. A couple of questions from me, first is on video subscriber growth during the quarter, I mean it's still a video (indiscernible) largely given the state of the housing market even now. So in that sense, given the overbuild in your footprint, just between your competitors, is it fair to assume that a lot of this is coming from the satellite operators? And secondly from a regulatory perspective there has been obviously a lot of movement over the quarter in terms of net neutrality as well as Supreme Court taking up the area of ruling and so on. So it would be great to get your thoughts on that as well as to whether things like pay for priority services could become real over time?
Neil Smit: So I'll take them in two chunks; one is the overbuild and the effect on the business, and then Brian Ill turn it over to you for the regulatory issue. We had about $2.3 million overbuilds -- incremental overbuilds in the fourth quarter, the majority of those coming from AT&T. I think we performed well given that. The housing starts, so that didnt really have a material effect and I think if we look to get a tailwind from those overtime that would be positive in the business. But we feel we are competing well on both the fiber side as well as the satellite side. And I think part of that is the X1 product it's performing well. I think part of it this is great execution by Dave Watson and the divisional teams. And I think part of it is where were targeting our marketing a little better, our services were getting better as Michael mentioned. We have 3.5 million fewer truck rolls where we have 45% of the installs are just self installs, 36% of the people manage their accounts online. So, I think were just executing better on the service front. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Well there was obviously the court ruling on the Verizon case, and we do not believe that the government is going to maturely order. The approach has taken for many years that would in some ways hinder our business objective going forward. We were a supporter of the internet order when it was originally drafted by the commission, because it was a nice balance between consumer interest and not interfering with network management and engineering decisions. And we are confident and hopeful that theyre going to continue to strike that balance. And so were supportive of working with the Chairman and the Commission on trying to find that balance. As I just sum up for the year in this quarter, in my opinion were also trying to find a balance between really strong operations, I think both at NBC Universal and at cable we had a really strong year. And in finding opportunity like buying back the 49% stake for $18 billion in cash while still achieving the leverage targets that Michael just talked about and being able to increase the dividend and the buy back program. And I think weve done that. We have a great plan for 2014 and thank you all for your support.
Jason Armstrong: Great. Well leave it there. Thank you everyone for joining us.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12.30 PM Easter Standard Time. It will run through Tuesday, February 4 at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID Number is 24847495. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the Companys website beginning at 12:30 PM today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Dooner  SVP, Investor Relations Brian Roberts  Chairman & CEO Michael Angelakis  CFO Neil Smit  EVP, Comcast Corporation, President & CEO, Comcast Cable Communications Steve Burke  EVP, Comcast Corporation & CEO, NBC Universal 
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Jason Bazinet - Citi  Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Phil Cusick - JPMorgan Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson Brian Kraft - Evercore Partners Amy Yong - Macquarie  Vijay Jayant - ISI Group
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcasts first quarter 2013 earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] . I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President Investor Relations, Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this mornings call are Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Steve Burke, and Neil Smit. As we have done in the past, Brian and Michael will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me refer you to slide number two, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.  With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?  
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marlene, and good morning everyone. Im really pleased with our results this quarter, and so far in the first nine months of the year. We have real momentum across all of our businesses, reporting strong revenue growth of 5.2% and cash flow growth of 10.5% when you adjust for the Olympics and pension termination costs. We also generated free cash flow of nearly $2 billion, a record for the third quarter. Cable continues to execute really well, with solid financial and customer results. In the third quarter, we added 337,000 combined video, voice, and internet customers, a 15% increase from last year, once again driven by really outstanding growth in high speed internet and voice and stable performance in video, despite a larger competitive footprint. We continue to focus on delivering the best and most innovative products, and on providing more value to our customers, all backed by a compelling brand message that attracts customers and potential customers alike. In fact, our XFINITY brand metrics continue to move up. Brand consideration reached its highest level this third quarter, and we have grown the rate at which non-customers would consider purchasing our services by 70% since we launched the XFINITY brand. In high-speed internet, we are delivering some of the fastest speeds across devices, both inside and outside of the home. We have installed more than 6 million wireless gateways in our customers homes and expanded our wifi coverage to now more than 350,000 hot spots. In video, we recently expanded our partnership with CBS, adding to our already substantial on demand choices, and giving our customers even more opportunities to catch up and stay current with a bigger selection of shows.  Real progress has been made in this last year, and customers now have access to the most comprehensive video experience no matter where they want to watch, with close to 50,000 on demand choices and more than 250,000 streaming options, including the full current season of more than 200 television series from all major networks, and nearly all of the top 50 rated shows on television. And customers love all this choice, as they have viewed on demand 30 billion times in the last 10 years and watched on demand 400 million times a month on average.  Just like we have transformed our video offering by expanding our content choices and deploying all digital, we believe the X1 platform now represents another step function in the evolution of our service. X1 is deployed in more than 90% of our footprint and by year-end it will be available everywhere. Based on the early, positive customer results, and the attractive returns of X1, you will see us accelerate the pace of deployment to customers and maintain the fast pace of innovation as we deliver X2 and integrate even more apps and new features.  NBC Universal also delivered solid results in every one of its business segments, with healthy growth in revenue, and when you adjust out for the Olympics last year, this is the fourth quarter in a row of double digit cash flow growth. So far, were off to a great start with NBC early season leadership in broadcast television. For the first five weeks, including and excluding sports, NBC has grown in ratings, and is the number one broadcast network. The Voice, Sunday Night Football, and now The Blacklist are all helping to power this improvement. Our film studio has enjoyed tremendous success from Fast 6 and Despicable Me 2, and weve had steady growth in all of our cable networks and the theme parks as well.  Even more impressive is that these businesses have grown cash flow by more than 50% since we announced our acquisition in 2009, while making significant investments for the future. I could not be more pleased with the progress and see lots of growth ahead. Were also excited about the winter Olympics, and expect that this will, once again, help support all of the companys momentum, as it did in London. And all parts of Comcast NBC Universal will be behind the Sochi Olympics, and then just a few months later, well do it again with the opening of the much-anticipated Harry Potter 2 in Orlando.  Were constantly looking for new and varied ways to innovate. One recent example is our announcement with Twitter, which combines our technology platform and our content. We will debut in November a new feature called See It that in effect creates an online remote control. We believe this new feature may help drive Twitter users to live TV, and also give NBC Universal another way to add to our broad array of programming assets with its advertisers. So as you can see, were executing really well on so many different businesses, and with this strong quarter and first nine months of the year, we are really optimistic about the future. Let me now pass to Michael to cover the third quarter results in detail.
Michael Angelakis : Good morning, and thank you, Brian. Let me begin by briefly reviewing our third quarter consolidated financial results, starting on slide four. Overall, we are very pleased with our third quarter performance, which once again demonstrates consistent execution, profitable growth, and the fundamental strength of our businesses. Excluding the impact of the London Olympics, which generated $1.2 billion of revenue in the third quarter of 2012, consolidated revenue for the quarter increased 5.2% to $16.2 billion. On a reported basis, third quarter consolidated revenue decreased 2.4%. From an operating cash flow perspective, again excluding the impact of the Olympics last year, and costs during the quarter associated with the termination of a pension plan, consolidated operating cash flow increased 10.5% to $5.4 billion. This performance reflects strong organic growth in both our cable communications and NBC Universal businesses. On a regular basis, operating cash flow increased 6.4%.  Free cash flow for the third quarter increased 30% to $2 billion and free cash flow per share increased 32.1% to $0.74 per share in the quarter. This growth was primarily driven by increases in our consolidated operating cash flow, some benefits in working capital related to the performance of our film slate, as well as favorable comparisons to production spending and rights for last years Olympics. These improvements in free cash flow were partially offset by higher capital expenditures and cash taxes.  Earnings per share of $0.65 for the third quarter increased 41.3%, excluding gains reported in last years third quarter, related to SpectrumCos sale of wireless spectrum licenses and NBC Universals sale of its interest in the A&E networks. In addition, our third quarter 2013 earnings per share of $0.65 reflects a nonrecurring $0.11 gain related to the sale of our investment in Clearwire that was fully offset by other investment losses and the pension termination costs I just mentioned. Table 4 in our press release provides more detail.  These are strong results for the company, and now lets review the results of our business units in more detail, starting with cable communications on slide five. We are pleased with our third quarter performance of healthy financial and customer growth in our cable communications business. In the third quarter, cable revenue increased 5.2% to $10.5 billion, reflecting solid growth in each of our residential businesses and continued strength in businesses services, partially offset by lower advertising revenue.  Cable advertising revenue decreased 10.8% during the third quarter, reflecting lower political revenue and one less week of advertising included in this quarter. Excluding political and normalizing for the calendar, our core cable advertising revenue increased 3% during the third quarter. As a reminder, we generated $132 million of political ad revenue in the fourth quarter of 2012. This will make comparisons a bit more challenging next quarter.  Our cable business continues to execute well and, excluding advertising, has delivered consistent financial results, as cable revenue increased 6.2%, which is consistent with the growth rate in each of our last six quarters as we carefully balance financial and customer growth. We are focused on driving sustainable, profitable growth and our total revenue per video customer reached $161 per month, a 6.9% increase. This revenue growth reflects rate adjustments, growth in our customer base, an increase in the number of customers receiving higher levels of our service, and an increasing number of customers taking multiple products. We are clearly competing better, with improved products, with a focus on customer retention, and our triple play strategy. At the end of the third quarter, 78% of our video customers took at least two products and 43% took all three services, a 400 basis point improvement over last year. We continue to experience strength in our customer metrics as well. Combined video, high-speed internet, and voice customers increased by 337,000, a 14.9% increase in net customer additions, compared to the third quarter of 2012, driven by strong high-speed internet and voice net additions, partially offset by video customer losses. In the third quarter, we lost 129,000 video customers, which is comparable to the 117,000 of losses in last years third quarter, despite a more competitive market with the telcos expansion of an additional 1.5 million overbuilt homes in our footprint during this year.  As we review the individual service categories, we reported healthy video revenue growth rate of 2.9%, driven by the impact of rate increases and an increasing number of customers taking advanced services. In the third quarter, we added 70,000 advanced service customers, and now have 12.1 million high-def and/or DVR customers, equal to 56% of our video customers. High-speed internet was again the largest contributor to cable revenue growth, with revenue increasing 7.9%, driven by continued growth in our customer base, as we added 297,000 new high-speed internet customers, an improvement over last year and increasing our penetration to 38% of homes past. Also contributing to this growth was the increased number of customers receiving our higher-speed services. At the end of the quarter, 34% of our residential high-speed customers take a higher-speed tier above our primary service. We continue to invest in our network to improve and differentiate our high-speed internet service, and during the third quarter, we increased speeds for our fastest tier to 505 Mbps from 305 Mbps in some of our markets. With regard to our voice service, revenue increased 2.6% for the quarter, which was driven by growth in our customer base, as we continue to focus on the value of the triple play. In the third quarter, we added 169,000 new voice customers, a 38% increase over last year, as we successfully converted single and double play customers to triple play and acquired new triple play customer relationships. At the end of the third quarter, our voice penetration was 20% of homes past.  Moving from our consumer to our commercial businesses, revenue increased 26.4% to $836 million for the quarter. We continue to experience real momentum in business services as we offer a full suite of competitive products and are focused on execution. With only about 10% to 15% market penetration, we continue to be excited about the growth and profit opportunity in our business services segment. Please move to slide six. Third quarter cable communications operating cash flow increased 6.2% to $4.2 billion, representing a margin of 40.5%, a 40 basis point improvement compared to the third quarter of 2012. This is excellent performance, as it also absorbs the impact from the loss of high margin advertising revenue during the quarter. In the third quarter, total expenses in cable increased 4.5%, primarily reflecting higher program expenses. Program expenses increased 9.2% in the third quarter, reflecting higher rates and step ups related to certain agreements, increasing retransmission consent fees, and our expanding content lineup on multiple platforms. This is partially offset by the timing of certain network launches. We are pleased with the management of these costs year to date, and while we expect the fourth quarter program expense growth to accelerate, we expect our full year program expenses to increase by high single-digit rates, lower than the 10% we had previously forecast. Excluding these programming costs, cable expenses increased 2%, reflecting higher customer service expenses as we roll out X1 and wireless gateways across our footprint, as well as costs related to the expansion of business services and XFINITY Home. We remain very focused on expense management and further efficiency gains. In the third quarter, we reduced our truck rolls by nearly 1 million during the quarter. Customers also continue to elect self installations, which in the third quarter now accounted for 44% of our total installations, compared to 34% in the third quarter of last year. In addition, we now have almost one-third of our customers managing their counts online.  In addition to these efficiency gains, an improving product mix, reflecting an increasing amount of operating cash flow coming from our high-speed internet, business services, and voice services continues to contribute to stability in our cable margins. Now lets move on to NBC Universal results, so please refer to slide seven. Excluding any impact from the Olympics in 2012, NBC Universals third quarter revenue increased 3.9% and operating cash flow increased 22.4%, with strong results across all business segments. On a reported basis, revenue decreased 14.2% and operating cash flow increased 9.6%. Now lets take a closer look at the individual segments at NBC Universal. For the third quarter, cable networks generated revenue of $2.2 billion, an increase of 4%, driven by a 5.4% increase in distribution revenue and a 4.6% increase in advertising revenue, as ratings pressure at some of our cable networks was offset by higher pricing. Cable networks operating cash flow increased 5.4% to $853 million in the third quarter, reflecting improved revenue performance, partially offset by a 3.8% increase in programming and production costs as we continue to invest in programming to enhance our franchises, including our launch of the English Premier League on NBC Sports Network.  In the broadcast television segment, the success of the Olympics, the early start of the fall season, and higher political advertising last year drove some difficult comparisons. And as a result, revenue decreased 41% to $1.6 billion in the third quarter. However, excluding the Olympics, broadcast revenue increased 2.6%, reflecting higher retransmission consent fees and a 2.6% increase in advertising, reflecting lower political advertising revenue at our own stations and lower prime time ratings as last year benefited from the early start of our fall schedule. Recall in 2012 we premiered our fall primetime shows earlier than normal, immediately after the Olympics. Excluding the Olympics, broadcast operating cash flow increased [$66] million to [$34] million in the third quarter, reflecting higher revenue and slightly lower programming and production costs.  Moving on to film entertainment, our third quarter revenue increased 3.3% to $1.4 billion, and operating cash flow increased $117 million to $189 million, driven by higher theatrical revenue from the strong box office performance of Despicable Me 2 partially offset by lower home entertainment revenue due to fewer titles released on DVDs compared to last years third quarter. Switching to our theme park segment, we had a strong quarter as revenue increased 7.9% to $661 million, and operating cash flow increased 8.6% to $343 million. This is the largest quarterly operating cash flow in the history of the theme parks, and was driven by increased per capita spending at both our Orlando and Hollywood theme parks and higher attendance at Orlando, fueled by the successful opening of the new Transformers attraction. Lets move to slide eight to review our consolidated and segment capital expenditures. Consistent with our plan, in the third quarter, consolidated capital expenditures increased 9.1% to $1.7 billion, compared to $1.6 billion in the third quarter of 2012. And year to date, capital expenditures have increased 13.6% to $4.6 billion, reflecting increased investment at both cable and NBC Universal. At cable communications, third quarter capital expenditures increased $68 million, or 5%, to $1.4 billion, equal to 13.6% of cable revenue versus 13.7% in the third quarter of 2012. The increase primarily reflects higher spending on CPE such as advanced digital boxes including X1 and wireless gateways, as well as the expansion of new services that will generate attractive returns such as business services and XFINITY Home.  Year to date, cable communications capital expenditures have increased 6.3% to $3.8 billion, representing 12.1% of cable revenue. We continue to expect that for the full year of 2013, cable capital expenditures will increase by approximately 10% compared to 2012. At NBC Universal, capital expenditures for the third quarter of 2013 increased $75 million to $284 million and year to date have increased $331 million to $807 million. This higher capex is primarily driven by the increased investments in theme parks as we build new attractions such as the expansion of Harry Potter in Orlando, as well as Despicable Me in Hollywood. We continue to expect NBC Universals full year capital investment plan to total approximately $1.1 billion.  Please refer to slide nine. As I mentioned earlier, we generated consolidated free cash flow of $2 billion in the third quarter, an increase of 30% compared to last years third quarter. For the first nine months of the year, we generated $7.1 billion in free cash flow, an increase of 15.5% over the first nine months of 2012, and year to date, free cash flow per share has increased 17.9% to $2.64 per share.  We are executing on our 2013 financial plan, and year to date have returned $3 billion of capital to shareholders, including share repurchases totaling $1.5 billion, and dividend payments, also totaling $1.5 billion. Our return of capital plan will be reviewed by management and our board in the next few months. Well provide an update for 2014 on our earnings call at the end of January.  Let me end by saying that we are very pleased with the operational and financial progress we have made during the first nine months of this year. We believe that our disciplined investments and our focus on execution will continue to generate healthy organic growth and yield positive results. Now let me turn the call over to Marlene for Q&A.  
Brian Roberts: Before we do that, actually, Michael, I just want to jump in here and say thank you to Marlene. This will be her last investor relations call. As many of you know, shes happily moving inside the NBCU family and joining NBC Universal to help lead our Hispanic entertainment and content efforts. Believe it or not, this is Marlenes 68th earnings call, and shes done a fabulous job. And on behalf of all of us, Marlene, thank you.  And also, on a tough note, I wanted to acknowledge yesterdays announcement by [Glenn Grid] about his health. On behalf of all of us at Comcast, the industry, and his many friends, we just want to wish you, Glenn, the best as you battle that tough disease.  Marlene, over to you, and thank you. 
Marlene Dooner: Operator, lets open up the call for Q&A please.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America : I had two questions, one on cable and one on NBCU. First, on cable, could you talk a little bit more about the X1 impact? You mentioned, Brian, on the positive impact to the customer experience. Could you give us any details on what its doing to churn and what should we expect in terms of cost, both in marketing and set top boxes, as you look at it over the next year or so. And then Ill follow up with NBC. 
Brian Roberts : Let me just quickly start, and then turn it over to Neil. I think were a few months into this, where weve had significant scale, and we will be working a lot on coming up with really good detail. And our instincts and all our intuition suggests that theres a real positive IRR here on the business. And its a healthy opportunity, and were very, very excited. But Neil, why dont you try and go with those numbers that youre comfortable with.
Neil Smit : Earlier in the year, we decided to increase the rollout of X1 from about 50% of our footprint to 100%. Were currently at about 90% deployed in the footprint. Were very pleased with the VOD results. VOD viewing is up about 27% and VOD transactions are up about 20%.  I think the churn, were seeing a meaningful impact on voluntary churn. And its still in the early stages, but thats been a good surprise. And about 60% of the people are using apps weekly on the product. So were seeing a lot of apps usage and [last nine] usage. Were going to continue to ramp the product aggressively. Were seeing a good upgrade amount on existing customers as well as new customers on the acquisition side. So Id say were very pleased overall.  X2 were going to begin to deploy at the end of this year, and well more aggressively market it into the beginning of next year. 
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America : Any comment on the cost side on set top boxes or marketing?
Neil Smit : Over time, the cost will come down as we scale the product, and I think the whole home household CPE cost will come down as we deploy slave boxes or pucks that are smaller and less expensive for the additional outlets. So we think it will be a good CPE return as we move forward.
Brian Roberts : And one thing we will do probably in the first quarter, as we have much more detail on how the deployment has gone, well provide, similar to what we did with the all-digital project, sort of the business case of how we see the X1 deployment, X2 deployment, and what the advantages are to the company. So well probably provide that sometime in the early part of next year.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America : And then just on the NBCU question, I was just hoping Steve could elaborate. The theme park number was very impressive, and I was just wondering if you could maybe elaborate on the potential over the long term. It seems pretty clear that new attractions drive attendance, and it seems like rooms will increase, per-cap numbers were great. So how might the film plans play into this? Anything you could say on consumer products as well? Just some more color on theme parks.
Steve Burke: We obviously have grown increasingly bullish about the theme park business. When we closed the deal, the theme parks were generating about $400 million in OCF, and this year theyll be about $1 billion. So in three years, those businesses have grown dramatically. I was just down in Orlando last week and saw the new Harry Potter 2 attraction, which opens next spring. We have a very large hotel complex called the Cabana Bay, which is 1,800 rooms, that opens right before Harry Potter, most of it. And were making these investments because we really like the business. We think its synergistic with film.  Were opening a Despicable Me attraction in Hollywood. We already opened one in Orlando. And youll see us continue to have that back and forth. Were just getting started in consumer products. But I think all of these sort of ancillary businesses we feel are really important, and really can contribute to making this company a very well-rounded media company and our initial experience with the theme park business couldnt have gone better.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank : The dreaded capital return question for Michael. Lets try it this way. So, at the beginning of the year, if I remember correctly, you talked about flat free cash flow in 2013 and refreshing the balance sheet was limiting return capital in 2013. Free cash flow tracking reported $700 million better year over year. So first, is there anything so far this year that reverses in Q4? Or is something else happening in Q4 that would disrupt the free cash flow trend that weve seen so far this year?  And second, given the faster pace of free cash flow and healthy EBITDA growth, you could be at or below the top end of the 2x leverage target around year-end. So do you feel the balance sheet refresh is being completed this year?
Michael Angelakis : Were ending this quarter at a roughly 2.2x leverage. So you have to add the preferred stock the way we look at it thats at NBCU Enterprises. Well probably end the year around that 2.2x number. So we feel very good. When we closed on NBC Universal, that number was about 2.4x. so weve come down a little bit, and weve done it all organically. With regards to free cash flow, free cash flow has performed exceedingly well this year. Weve had some benefits related to working capital. Some of that working capital is within the film and the Olympics side. So I think we feel very good about how free cash flow is going to perform this year. Dont really want to go into next year. Were finalizing our operating plans now for 2014. Well see how working capital looks in 2014, but its still a little bit premature. When we think about return of capital, we are now going through that process. We go through a pretty comprehensive process. We have about $2 billion left on our share authorization, so as we go into the end of this year and the very early part of next year, well be sitting down as a management team, and with our board, looking at both our operating and our financial plans, and go through how we think about the buyback and what would be the appropriate financial plan related to the dividend.  So we are a bit ahead of schedule. When we look at 2014 were going to take a very hard look at working capital that happened this year, particularly around film and on the Olympic side. But, you know, so far the plan is being executed well. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank : Would you say the balance sheet refresh is something that could continue to happen over a period of time? In other words, just on a practical basis, if you end at 2.2x, youre going to be well below 2 by the end of next year. So you would think that theres excess capital next year, and its just a question of how you deploy it?
Michael Angelakis : I really dont want to go into next year yet, to be honest with you. I know thats where youd love to go, but were in the middle of finalizing our operating plans. We have a lot of initiatives we want to pursue. Were finalizing our financial plans, which will take the next few months. So I really dont want to go into 2014.  I can say we feel very good about the operating performance of the business, which is really the key part. And as we look at our strength and operating performance, that will flow into how we deal with our financial plan and our balance sheet management. But I would say we are trending a bit better, both on free cash flow and balance sheet management that we might have expected this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet - Citi : Each year there seems to be an increasing blurring between linear TV as we think about it and the way you all are thinking about internet video. And recently there have been a few press reports about trials youre running with HBO, maybe without a pay TV requirement in the bundle, and also some comments on your Viper initiative.  So I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about what you hope to accomplish with some of these trials, what youre hoping to see, and then if you could just step back and talk a little bit about some of the longer term investments that youre making and paint a picture for us in terms of where you see the video product going. 
Neil Smit : I think first off, the Internet Plus product, which was recently announced, is a targeted offer to customers who are interested primarily in a good internet product, and secondarily in a light video product. It does require video, so its not HBO without a video offering. Its basically a performance HSD product with a B1 video offering, coupled with Stream Picks and HBO. Weve done these kinds of offers before. We offered Blast Plus and Blast Extra in the past. And theyve been successful in targeting segments such as Millennials. I think, as I look at the video landscape, were seeing windows move around, and were focused on making sure our customers get a complete offering of products, as well as current season.  We think that VOD is a very powerful platform, and with the C3 window, we disabled fast forward with our programming partners, and C3 being measured now, it provides incremental advertising opportunity as well as ratings. We think that could be a better alternative than DVR. And youre seeing some of that in the news. Were investing heavily in new innovations such as X1 and X2, and you know, its very fluid, but we feel like were leading the approach, and were working well with our programming partners to come up with new ideas and target new segments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley : I guess two questions. Michael, Id love any more color, if you have any, on the programming costs for the year. Curious if its at all timing related. Maybe a deal didnt come up or didnt get done this year thats pushed it into next year. And anything youd say about your rights strategy on pulling on demand together and positioning XFINITY as really the premium on-demand experience, about negotiating rights that might have had an impact on that programming cost growth. And then Im just curious, for Neil, I think in the prepared remarks there was a comment about the more competitive video footprint. Im assuming youre talking about U-verse. Are you guys doing anything differently in the new U-verse footprint than the rest of the company, maybe more focus on X1 or some of these millennial platforms to try to sort of manage this process? Or is it sort of one of those situations you have to let it play out and then things tend to stabilize?
Michael Angelakis : Why dont I take the first part of the question, and then Ill pass it off to Neil? With regard to programming costs, Ive just got to give kudos to the team, who I think have just managed our cost better this year than weve anticipated.  We do expect in the future to have another bump in programming costs, but were going to end the year modestly below where we thought we would. Well probably end the year just slightly below 10% growth for the entire year, so our view, the team, is really no structural changes, nothing thats been dramatic to affect that. Its really been, I think, the team just being able to manage costs significantly better. And we really did anticipate a bit of a higher increase in programming costs this year than what the end result will be.  For premium VOD, and some of the other questions, Im going to pass it off to Neil.
Neil Smit : On VOD rights, we are, as in all our negotiations with programmers, were getting a very comprehensive VOD rights as well as in and out of home rights, and TV everywhere rights. Interestingly, I recently looked at the information on the XFINITY TV player app, and the viewing has gone from about 2 million hours to over 6 million hours. So its getting a lot of usage.  And concerning the overbuild situation, its kind of a tale of two cities. We have a number of markets that are growing video net adds, and then weve got some of the overbuild markets where you see a typical bubble, where theres initial losses, and then we come back and get win backs.  So overall we feel good about the video business, considering the overbuilds. Were in about the same ballpark in terms of losses, and were aggressively deploying X1 and we think we have a superior product, and well continue to market it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Phil Cusick - JPMorgan : Youve been running a couple of broadband tiering trials that weve seen. I wonder if you can talk about your thoughts there, one how theyre going, and two, how you think about monetizing broadband over the next few years.
Neil Smit : We have a number of trials in place in markets. Were testing different types of usage-based pricing offerings. Thus far the consumer response has been neutral to slightly positive. Well continue to monitor it.  In terms of how we monetize HSD, weve been successful in increasing our market share as well as driving RPU. Weve rolled out about 6 million gateway devices, which increased the in-home wifi fees, and thats gone very well, and we think theres going to be more people hanging more devices off of their wifi.  Were deploying wifi as well. Every home we install is a new hot spot, and we think theres opportunity as we grow the wifi business. And then I think theres innovation we can add onto HSD over time, and as you know our XFINITY Home product runs off of the wifi, and thats a good example of something that we can run off of our network. 
Phil Cusick - JPMorgan : Speaking of wifi, should we look for a significant acceleration in public wifi rollouts next year?
Neil Smit : I wouldnt call it a significant acceleration, but we will continue to build out our wifi network. Weve done so in a number of cities, and we will continue to invest in the wifi side. 
Michael Angelakis : Let me add to that. I think you know that as we deploy these wireless gateways, they have multiple SSIDs, so that actually increases the ability to have wifi hotspots. And then as Neil said, we are deploying more capital into wifi in the public areas as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Marci Ryvicker of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo : Just a question for Neil. Can you talk about the difference in performance between your large and your small markets? And have you ever thought about rationalizing your portfolio, maybe taking a bigger focus on large markets by swapping smaller market clusters with other operators?
Neil Smit : You know, our market performance, theres no significant difference between large and small markets. We get some efficiencies on the plant side out of a large market, because we have bigger head [ends] and can run the markets more efficiently, and you have a denser footprint, so theres less maintenance, for example, on the lines in the network.  But our small markets operate very well. In many cases, theres less competition in the smaller markets, and weve been in these markets for a lot of years, and we know how to run them, and weve got great management teams who run them very effectively. So really, I think in terms of rationalizing the portfolio, we feel good with the assets we have right now, and continue to focus on efficient management of them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Moffett from MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead. 
Craig Moffett - MoffettNathanson: Two things, if I could. First, let me ask the same question that Marci just asked on the NBC side. Now that youve had the assets for I guess three and a half years now, where are the opportunities for you to fill in and add to the portfolio, and what kinds of assets do you think would make sense to add to the NBC portfolio? And then just a quick question for Neil. Theres been a lot of talk about licensing X1. I wonder if you could update that initiative.
Brian Roberts : Starting with NBCU, weve had so much organic growth, and we see so much more organic growth that we havent spent any time at all thinking about adding to the portfolio. I think if you were going to create the perfect media company, it would look a lot like NBC Universal. We have 15 broadly distributed cable channels, we have broadcast, film, theme parks, Spanish language, English language, and we have broadcast and cable for news, sports, and entertainment. No one else does. And we have plenty of growth ahead of us. So we really are focusing on what weve got and trying to make it better. 
Neil Smit : And concerning the licensing of the X1 product, weve had interest expressed by a number of MSOs and were considering the opportunity. The benefit of scale is that we can invest in products like this and continue to refine them, and I think other operators like the product, and well continue to have conversations. We have no immediate plans, but we think its a great product and we think it would be good to get a larger footprint of X1 from just being able to continue to invest in the product perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Kanan Binkat] with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
[Kanan Binkat] - Barclays: First is there were some news recently about Netflix being in conversations with the MSOs on coming through the set top box. Just wanted to get your thoughts on all the over the top content potentially at some point sitting in the set top box and coming through that, and how you think about that. And also, on the home gateway front, if I heard correctly, I guess you guys mentioned 6 million home gateways but 350,000 hot spots. Given that you have multiple SSIDs, does the gap between the two start to close any time in the near future?
Neil Smit : Let me take the questions one at a time. On the Netflix side, really theres nothing to report. Its been, frankly, incredible to me the amount of press coverage this has received. Our customers can receive Netflix in a number of ways, so its not really a high priority for us. Were open to putting apps on our X1 platform. We have, for example, Facebook and Pandora there now. But at this point, we dont really have anything to report on the Netflix front. Concerning the gateways, yeah, theres going to continue to be, in both SMBs and the home, so in hotspots, that will make our wifi network denser. And as the wifi federation between the different cable companies expands, it provides wifi coverage to our customers, for example, in New York City or Philadelphia or Boston, as the partnership continues to expand wifi hotspots. So we think its a great consumer benefit, and were seeing a lot of usage uptick in our wifi in the cities where weve deployed extensively.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Kraft from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Brian Kraft - Evercore Partners: The standards for using consumer data in the internet advertising world are much lower than they are in the TV world, including these set top box data. Do you have a view on whether these standards will converge over time? And if so, how would you envision this actually playing out?
Neil Smit : We do have set top box data from a number of markets, and whether or not it will converge, I think is a regulatory question that I wouldnt offer any conjecture on. I think that this information can be valuable to us from both a marketing and programming perspective, but well obviously be very sensitive to the privacy issues that are inherent.
Steve Burke : I think on the content side there is some upside in the not too distant future that could be foreseen related to interactive advertising. Neil is rolling out a technology called Digital Ad Insertion into VOD Streams. And what were also finding is when you eliminate commercial skipping in VOD, you make it very convenient for consumers to get large amounts of programming, but also you make it very good for a programmer to get C3 ratings. And we have a lot of our shows now that are getting a noticeable jump because of that, in effect, conversion from DVR viewing to VOD viewing. So I think the technology side of the business is going to make it better for a content owner as companies like Comcast roll out more of this technology.
Brian Roberts : One last point that I think draws it all together, it may not be totally about set top box data, but about our experience now as one company, by having more on demand consumer behavior, were beginning to see a lot of statistics where people know they can get a show, so they dont need to record it. Thats in the interest of the programming side of the company, and that is in the interest of cable, because of our robust two-way platform, versus other platforms.  And then if you have X1 as the way to be able to navigate and know whats on demand, it all comes together. And eventually, you get to advanced advertising or working on joint initiatives between the two parts of the company on that as well. So a lot of good things around that area that are happening. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Amy Yong with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Amy Yong - Macquarie : I have two questions. First, on housing, are you seeing any pockets of strength in your footprint? And then the second is, could you just elaborate on your partnership with Twitter, both from the NBC and cable angle. Should we think that its going to help drive ratings at NBC and help drive premium services on the cable side? And then how do we think about this as it gets offered to other MVPDs like DirecTV?
Michael Angelakis : Ill take the housing side. The best way to describe housing is sort of slow and steady growth. We have a lot of different data points internally, whether its vacancy rates or housing starts, but one thing we do utilize a lot is sort of what is our construction spend.  And as we look at 13 and sort of where we think 13 will end up, construction spend is still a fraction of what it was at its peak. And its up actually a little bit from 2012, but were not seeing meaningful housing growth or meaningful tailwinds related to housing at this point.  So its kind of slow and steady growth. I dont think the impact to us has been meaningful. As we look at 14, I think well see a little bit more in construction spend in 14 than we did in 13, which is up from 12. So the trend is going in the right direction right now, but its certainly not meaningful to us. 
Brian Roberts : Let me take a shot at Twitter. I think our mandate is to try to be innovative and lean forward and try to find new ways to experiment. And in the case of Twitter, and in others, we want to promote live television. Thats really good for NBC Universal. Were going to have more advertising inventory that we can monetize. At the same time, can you access live content through other means than just starting with our guide?  And all these things are things we want to try. Whether that will really move ratings, I dont know. Were going to try to do a lot of initiatives, but I think its important that we try to lead, and that we try to experiment and innovate, and this is a great example of that, and hopefully it will be really successful. 
Operator: Our final question comes from Vijay Jayant from ISI Group. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant - ISI Group: Verizon mentioned that they were terminating their long term partnership with cable, broadly. Can you just talk about is your current wifi buildout strategy sufficient? Or do you think you probably need an MVNO strategy longer term? And then second, just a topic thats gotten a lot more press is ARIO, and you guys are on both sides of the equation there. I just want to get your thoughts on that.
Neil Smit : Ill answer the Verizon question, then turn it over to Steve for the ARIO question. I think the Verizon partnership, what we announced was really about the JV structure for R&D. And what we found was that we didnt need a formal structure to innovate and develop technology. We developed, for example, an app called Test Drive where people in the Verizon Wireless stores can see preloaded video, and it drives data usage from them and it drives subs for us, who experience the XFINITY app on Verizon Wireless devices.  In terms of the wifi buildout, we dont right now have any plans to launch MVNO relationship. We continue to build out wifi and as I said previously, were seeing good usage on our wifi network, and its an added value to our customers on the data side. Steve? 
Steve Burke : In terms of ARIO, we and others are suing ARIO, so obviously we think what theyre doing is unlawful. I also think that any content company that has multiple assets is going to look at that technology and someone circumventing the need to pay for retransmission consent in a negative way. So well see what happens with the lawsuit, but we think its a clear violation of the law. 
Marlene Dooner: Thank you Vijay, and thank you all for joining us this morning.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Roberts - Chairman and CEO Michael Angelakis - CFO Neil Smit - EVP, Comcast Corporation, President & CEO, Comcast Cable Communications Steve Burke - EVP, Comcast Corporation & CEO, NBC Universal Marlene Dooner - SVP, Investor Relations
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Phil Cusick - JPMorgan Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities Craig Moffett - Moffett Research Michael McCormack - Nomura Bryan Kraft - Evercore Partners Frank Louthan - Raymond James
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcasts Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. (Operator Instructions) Ill now turn the call over to Senior Vice President Investor Relations, Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this mornings call are Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Steve Burke, and Neil Smit. As weve done in the past, Brian and Michael will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me now refer you to slide number 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call well refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marlene, and good morning everyone. Im really pleased with this quarters results particularly the outstanding growth in high speed internet and a strong performance across NBC Universals businesses, leading us to having a very solid second quarter with revenue growth of 7%, cash flow growth of more than 8% and record second quarter free cash flow of nearly $2 billion. Michael will discuss these results in more detail. Let me start by providing some highlights. Cable had another strong quarter with revenue and cash flow growth of nearly 6% and high speed internet business services and video continuing to power our growth. Business services has impressive organic momentum with the highest growth rate of all our businesses at 26%. We once again improved our year-over-year customer performance. We added an 189,000 combined video, voice, internet customers, which is a 37% increase from last years second quarter. High speed internet led the way with 20% growth or 187,000 net additions. This was our highest level of high speed internet performance in net ads in the second quarter in the last five years. Our voice business also had another strong quarter with a 161,000 net additions and consistent with our goal of ongoing improvement in video, we reduced video losses by nearly 17,000 year-over-year. So helping to drive these results is our innovation which is delivering increasing differentiated and better services. In the last six months, we substantially increased the speeds of our high speed Internet service for nearly 14 million customers or 70% of our base. And in the last year, we've increased service speeds across our entire footprint. We also continued to expand the availability of Wi-Fi which is at the center of our strategy to offer our customers the fastest online experience across devices both inside and out of the home. We have now installed more than 4 million wireless gateways and increased our Wi-Fi coverage to 250,000 hotspots through both our cable partnership and our home hotspot initiative. In video we have launched X1, our new cloud-enabled platform to more than half of our footprint and we're on track to have X1 available nationwide by yearend. Many of you have seen our demonstration of X2 and we will have this enhanced user interface in the market by yearend. X2 illustrates how quickly we can now upgrade via software to provide a brand new experience to our customers on the same X1 hardware and platform. All-in-all, cable's having a great first half of the year and Neil Smit and his team continue to execute really well. Let me now switch to NBCUniversal where we also have strong momentum. In the second quarter, every one of the NBCUniversal businesses contributed to revenue growth of nearly 9% and operating cash flow growth of 21%. Our Cable Networks drove strong cash flow performance in the second quarter. And we also benefited from steady progress at the theme park and in broadcast as expected. We saw strengthening results from our cable entertainment networks particularly at USA and Bravo as well as strong sports performance from NBC's sports network which enjoyed its most watched NHL Playoffs in record and golf channel which recorded its most watched second quarter ever. Just last week, we announced the 10-year agreement that will bring NASCAR to our broadcasting cable properties beginning in 2015. The quantity and quality of content in this deal is a really significant step for the NBC's sports group. In film, our focus is to continue to build franchises and we've had some ups and downs but we've had two big successes with Fast 6 in the second quarter and more recently with Despicable Me 2 from Chris Meledandri and a talented team at Illumination. This is our first full quarter of ownership of all of NBCUniversal, and given the strong performance and market conditions that we had at the time we made our decision, I feel really great about the timing and structure of the purchase of the 49% interest. So the entire company is executing really well in our many different businesses. And with such a strong quarter and a great first half of the year, it makes us optimistic about our fantastic combination of businesses that have so many growth opportunities ahead. Let me now pass to Michael to cover the second quarter results in detail.
Michael Angelakis: Good morning. Thank you, Brian. Let me begin by briefly reviewing our second quarter consolidated financial results starting on slide 4. Overall, we are very pleased with our second quarter performance which demonstrates consistent execution, profitable growth and the fundamental strength in our businesses. Second quarter consolidated revenue increased 7% to 16.3 billion and operating cash flow increased 8.4% to 5.4 billion reflecting strong organic growth in both our Cable Communications and NBCUniversal businesses. Free cash flow for the second quarter which excludes any impact of the economic stimulus increased 25.4% to 1.9 billion and free cash flow per share increased 28.1% to $0.73 per share in the quarter. This growth was primarily driven by increases in consolidated operating cash flow and improvements in working capital that reflected strong performance of our film slate and timing of production, which was partially offset by increased capital expenditures and cash taxes. Earnings per share for the quarter increased 30% to $0.65 per share compared to $0.50 per share in the second quarter of 2012. On a consolidated basis, these are strong results. Now let's review the results of our businesses in more detail starting with Cable Communications on slide 5. We are pleased with our second quarter performance of healthy revenue growth and improved customer metrics in our Cable Communications business. We continue to focus on executing the appropriate balance between customer and financial growth. In the second quarter, Cable Communications' revenue increased 5.8% to 10.5 billion driven by continued strength in high-speed Internet and business services as well as higher video and voice revenue. As a result, total revenue per video customer increased 7.4% to $160 per month. Contributing to the revenue growth our rate adjustments, growth in our customer base and increase in the number of customers receiving higher levels of our services and an increasing number of customers taking multiple products. From a customer relationship standpoint, we continued to make progress on our bundling strategy and at the end of the second quarter, 77% of our video customers took at least two products and 42% took all three services. Despite the typical second quarter seasonality in many of our markets, we experienced strong growth in our customer metrics and showed year-over-year improvements across all our products. Combined video, high-speed Internet and voice customers increased by 189,000, a 37% increase in net customer additions compared to the second quarter of 2012. We improved our video losses by 10% as we lost 159,000 video subscribers in the second quarter compared to a loss of 176,000 in last year's second quarter. As Brian mentioned, these are the best second quarter customer results for both our video and high-speed Internet services in the past five years. Our second quarter video revenue increased 2.7% driven by the intact of rate increases partially offset by lower pay-per-view revenue which reflects fewer events in this quarter. In addition, the higher revenue reflects an increasing number of customers taking advanced services. In the second quarter, we added 51,000 advanced service customers and now have 12.1 million Hi-Def into our DVR customers equals 55% of our video customers. High-speed Internet revenue was again the largest contributor to cable revenue growth with revenue increasing 8% driven by rate adjustments and continued growth in our customer base as we added 187,000 new high-speed Internet customers, a 20% improvement over last year. We continue to improve and differentiate a high-speed Internet service and over the last year we have increased service speeds across our entire footprint, increasing our primary service from 15 to 20 or 25 megabits and doubled our blast service 25 megabits to 50 megabits. At the end of the quarter, 33% of our residential high-speed customers take a higher speed tier above our primary service and our penetration was now at 37% of home stats. With regards to our voice service revenue, it increased 2.4% for the quarter reflecting growth in our customer base as we continue to focus on the value of our triple play bundle. In the second quarter, we added 161,000 new voice customers, a 2% increase over last year as we successfully converted single and double play customers to triple play and acquired new triple play customer relationships. At the end of the second quarter, our voice penetration was 19% of home stats. Moving from our consumer to our commercial businesses, we continued to experience momentum in business services which was our second largest contributor to cable revenue growth during the second quarter with revenue increasing 26.4% to 788 million for the quarter. The small end of the market where businesses with less than 20 employees account for nearly 85% of business services revenue and continue to be a significant driver of our growth. The midsized business which is growing at a higher than 50% annualized rate continues to represent approximately 15% of this group's revenue. Switching to our cable advertising group, revenue increased 1% during the second quarter. However, when you exclude the impact of last year's political revenue, our core cable advertising revenue grew by 5%. Please move to slide six. Second quarter cable communications operating cash flow increased 5.7% to $4.3 billion representing a consistent margin of 41.4%. In the second quarter total expenses in cable increased 5.8%, primarily reflecting higher programming expenses and advertising and marketing promotional expenses as well as additional costs related to the expansion of business services in XFINITY Home. Programming expenses increases 8.1% in the second quarter reflecting higher rates in step ups related to certain agreements, increasing retransmission consent fees and our expanding content lined up on multiple platforms partially offset by a delay in certain network launches. We are pleased with our management of these costs year-to-date but continue to expect programming expense growth to accelerate to low double-digits in the second half of 2013 due to planned step ups in certain contracts and the timing of network launches. As a result we expect our full-year programming expanses to increase by approximately 10%. In addition advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased 8% reflecting higher overall media spend and a continued investment in direct sales to support growth and enhance our competitive position in both our residential and commercial businesses. These increased marketing efforts have had a positive impact on our core customer metrics as well as promoting new products such as X1 in XFINITY Home. We continue to offset these increased expenses through modest rate adjustments, in improving product mix, an increasing number of customers upgrading to higher levels of service such as HD and DVRs and faster internet speeds as well as further efficiency gains. We continue to pursue efficiency gains in the second quarter as we reduced our activity levels by nearly 1 million truck rolls even as we added 189,000 total new customers. Customers continue to elect self-installations, which in the second quarter accounted for 40% of our total installations, compared to 28% in the second quarter of last year. In addition, we now have 31% of our customers managing their accounts online. All of these improvements result in a better experience for our customers and improve productivity for our cable operations. Now lets move on to NBCUniversals results, please refer to slide seven. For the second quarter of 2013 NBCUniversals revenue increased 8.9% and operating cash flow increased 21.3%. Now to take a closer look at the individual segments at NBCUniversal. For the second quarter cable networks generated revenue of $2.4 million an increase of 7.7% driven by an new content licensing agreement, a 4.4% increase in distribution revenue and a 5.7% increase in advertising revenue as ratings pressure at some of our cable networks was more than offset by a strong scatter market. Cable networks operating cash flow increased 8.9% to $860 million in the second quarter reflecting improved revenue performance and lower advertising, marketing and promotional expense partially offset by a 9% increase in programming and production cost as we continue to invest in original programming to enhance our franchises. With regards to our broadcast television segment, revenue increased 11.6% to $1.7 billion in the second quarter reflecting an increase in advertising due to higher prime time ratings driven by the timing of key shows primarily the voice and higher retransmission consent fees offset by lower content licensing revenue due to the timing of content availability. Broadcasts operating cash flow increase 6.4% to $206 million in the second quarter reflecting higher revenue in increased programming and production costs associated with the timing of certain shows and our prime time schedule. Moving to film entertainment, our second quarter revenue increased 12.8% to $1.4 billion driven by higher theatrical revenue from the strong box office performance of Fast & Furious 6, from higher content licensing revenue from the availability of prior films in the international TV market and higher home entertainment revenue driven by the continued success of Les Miserables. Films operating cash flow increased $116 million to $33 million reflecting a strong performance of the studios film slate. Switching to our theme park segment, revenue increased 1.1% to $546 million and operating cash flow decreased 1.6% to $231 million reflecting the fact that the holidays occurred in the first quarter of this year compared to the second quarter of last year. Even with this shift theme parks are performing well as a solid result are driven by healthy attendance and increased per capita spending which continue to benefit from the success of the Harry Potter attraction in Orlando and the Transformers attraction in Hollywood partially offset by an increase in operating cost to support the addition of new attractions. Lets move to slide eight, to review our consolidated in-segment capital expenditures. Consistent with our plan in the second quarter consolidated capital expenditures increased 17.1% to $1.5 billion compared to $1.3 billion in the second quarter of 2012. In year-to-date capital expenditures have increased 16.5% to $2.9 billion reflecting increased investments at both cable and NBCUniversal. Cable Communications, second quarter capital expenditures increased $160 million or 10.4% to $1.2 billion, equal to 11.9% of cable revenue versus 11.4% in the second quarter of 2012. The increase primarily reflects higher spending on CPE such as advanced digital boxs including X1 in wireless gateways, our continued investments in network infrastructure to ensure our leadership in video and high-speed internet, as well as the expansion of new services that will generate attractive returns such as business services and XFINITY Home. Year-to-date cable communications capital expenditures have increased 7.1% to $2.3 billion representing 11.3% of cable revenue. We continue to expect that for the full-year of 2013 cable capital expenditures will increase by approximately 10% compared to 2012. At NBCUniversal capital expenditures for the second quarter of 2013 increased $104 million to $260 million and year-to-date have increased $256 million to $523 million. This higher CapEx is primarily driven by the increased investments in theme parks as we build new attractions. We're now accelerating NBCUniversals capital investment plan primarily driven by the theme parks investment in new attractions such as Transformers and expansion of Harry Porter in Orlando as well as Despicable Me in Hollywood. As a result of this acceleration we now expect NBCUniversals full-year 2013 capital investment plan will increase by approximately 50% from 2012 to approximately $1.1 billion. The investments weve made in our theme parks over the last few years have reset the level of our parks profitability and have yielded very strong returns. We expect these investments to do the same. Please refer to slide nine. As I mentioned earlier, we generated consolidated free cash flow of $1.9 billion in the second quarter, an increase of 25.4% compared to last years second quarter. This result translates in a free cash flow per share increase of 28.1% to $0.73 per share. For the first half of the year we generated $5.1 billion in free cash flow an increase of 10.7% over the first half of 2012. In year-to-date free cash flow per share has increased 13% to $1.90 per share. We ended the second quarter with consolidated debt of $46.6 billion plus $725 million of subsidiary preferred stock resulting in a debt to operating cash flow leverage ratio of 2.3 times. We view our balance sheet as a strategic asset and are focused on strengthening our financial position over the next few years with the medium-term leverage ratio target of 1.5 to 2 times. We are executing on our 2013 financial plan, and year-to-date we have returned $1.9 billion of capital to shareholders including share repurchases totaling $1 billion and dividend payments totaling $942 million. Overall we're very pleased with the operational and financial progress we have made during the first six months of this year. We believe that our disciplined investments along with our focus on execution will continue to generate healthy organic growth and yield positive results. Now let me turn the call over to Marlene for Q&A.
Marlene Donner: Thanks, Michael. Operator, lets open up the call for Q&A please.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. One Cable and one NBCUniversal. On Cable, I'd love to get your views on M&A. Is there any room for Comcast to grow either domestically or internationally?
Brian Roberts: Okay, why don't I take that question? Morning, Jessica. I mean with regards to M&A, I think you can tell by the results we have just posted, we are really focused on executing our business plan and we really think there is a lot of organic growth opportunities in the business. That being said, we always want to look at everything, we want to be educated, we really want to spend time internationally. We have about $4.5 billion of our roughly $65 billion revenue base in international, so we're bit underweight and every country is very different and certainly relates to NBCUniversal and some of their business. So I would say number one, we're really focused on just running the business and executing our plan. Number two, we remain very disciplined and we have these strategic and financial filters that we utilize for all M&A. And number three, we want to make sure we're very well educated on what the market is in those kinds of items. So I think that sort of summarizes how we view M&A both domestically and internationally.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a follow-up on that one but how big are you legally? Is there a limit in terms of how big you can get in the U.S. in Cable?
Brian Roberts: I don't think there really is. There's been a number of rulemakings that have been knocked down, but obviously that's a gray area.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then I guess turning to NBCUniversal, you guys in the past have spoken about an entitlement gap and I was just wondering if you could address that in terms of where you are on both affiliate fees and CPMs for the cable networks? And I guess the same question on broadcast in terms of CPMs and retrans?
Brian Roberts: So just to define it, entitlement gap is what we call a gap between the true performance of our cable channels and broadcast network and what our CPMs are relative to other like channels and what our affiliate fees our. On the affiliate fees side, we've reset about 25% of our affiliate deals in the last year or so and made good progress, but the other 75% will occur in the years to come and we think there's clearly a gap in terms of what we deserve to be paid and what we are paid based on where the marketplace is. On the advertising side, we have the same kind of gap and the same kind of opportunity. In some instances there are cable channels and broadcast channels that get over 20% more than we do on a CPM basis. And I think over time we'll have the opportunity to eliminate that gap or start to chip away at that gap. We just finished the upfront and we made good progress toward eliminating that gap both from the broadcast side and on the cable side. On the broadcast side, net of the Olympics, we sold about 13% more that we sold last year. Our ratings in CPM performance on the NBC side were the best we've had in about nine years and we made up relative performance versus our other competitors. On the cable side, we also had good results. Our cable CPMs were up in the 7% to 8% range. USA and Bravo did very well. And one of the ways that we accomplished this was we sold all of our properties together, which for a company like ours with so many different television properties, allowed us to go into the market with a one-stop shop being sort of the full integrated approach and we think that worked. So, we're chipping away at the entitlement gap. We think it's a big opportunity for the company. It's not something that we're going to get in the quarter or even a year, but I think over the next two, three, four years you'll see real progress there.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, Jessica. Operator, let's go to the next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Armstrong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks. Good morning. A couple of questions both on the Cable side. I guess first video and broadband metrics both better in the quarter and better in the quarter and better year-over-year. Is there any sort of promotional activity you'd call out that maybe contributed to and above current quarter and 2Q or as we think forward about this, should we continue to expect sort of year-over-year improvement in those metrics? And then second, just on the content cost, 8.1% growth this quarter I think. You obviously talked about it accelerating in the back half of the year. Are we supposed to think of this as sort of relative the initial guidance we've sort of pushed out a number of the resets by maybe six months or so to some of this sold into 2014? Thanks.
Neil Smit: Hi, Jason. It's Neil. On the video and broadband side, I'd say that there was no unique promotional activity this quarter that would have driven the performance in the sub numbers. I think on the video side, we're putting out a great product and the X1 product is out over half our footprint right now. We reduced losses by 17k, so we're executing well. The channel performance has been strong in the online channel. So I think it's just a combination of execution on the channel side as well as just getting better product out there that's helping on the video front. With HSV we've done speed upgrades in the first half of the year. We have about 14 million customers, that's 70% of our footprint. We did speed upgrades. We're putting out the new fastest gateways to have the fastest Wi-Fi in the household. So I think our product is fundamentally a better product and I think customers are recognizing that. With regards to the programming side, yes our costs were below what we expected. We had an NHL rebate and some delays in channel launches or network launches. However, we do expect double digit increases in the out half of the year and we expect to come in on the year at about 10%. The costs are driven by sports programming, retrans and getting more rights across more platforms which we're able to leverage into more value and a better value proposition for the customer.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Jason. Operator, let's go to the next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Marlene Dooner: Doug?
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: I'm sorry about that. Good morning. For Neil or Brian, with so many major tech companies working towards online video services, do you feel any building pressure to accelerate getting the X1 and X2 versions of your video service into customers homes and is there a way to accelerate the rollout of advanced user interfaces whether it's X1, X2 or for lack of a better phase a dumdum version of X2? And if I could just throw in the question for Neil which is the RBOC posted strong net adds year-over-year but I don't feel the competitive impact in your numbers. Did you see a competitive impact from the RBOC and made it up against satellite or was the market just better in the second quarter? Thanks.
Neil Smit: I'll take the questions in a reverse order, Doug. We did see year-over-year about a 200 basis point increase in RBOC mostly by AT&T. That's about 1 million subs, so we think our performance given that is we're very pleased with our performance in reducing video losses and I think it comes out to execution. With regards to X1 and X2, we've got X1 out about  across 53% of our market. We're launching in foreign markets every day, this week seven new markets and the customer response has been very favorable. VOD views are up about 20%. 55% of the people react very favorably to this product over existing guys, premiums are up. It's too early to tell on churn yet but I think there might be some favorable trends there. We'd like to accelerate  we're going to rollout X2 and it kind of shows a benefit of having everything up in the cloud. We're getting X1 across the country of course this year and X2 will already be coming in before the end of the year. So I think that really demonstrates the flexibility and nimbleness of having the platform structured the way it is.
Brian Roberts: Let me just add, I don't want to be redundant but I think Neil's point on the 1 million extra homes from RBOC competition does make the results even more impressive in my opinion. And we've all seen an overbuild but that first year is the hardest year, and so anytime you have a lot of new homes, so be it and you have to deal with that in certain markets. That's part of the motive for rolling out X1 faster, but the real part of the motive for rolling out X1 faster is it is so well received and the ability to be more flexible. So your question is a great question that we don't have a perfect answer on right this minute which is, is there a way to get a version of it to more customers faster and we're looking at a whole lot of ideas around that question all the time and we'll probably experiment with a few. And so stay tuned, but were all in all its a high class opportunity that were very pleased with the development. Right now the plan is steady as she goes, but its a good question.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thank you very much.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Doug. Operator, lets go to the next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from Jason Bazinet with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: I just had a question for Mr. Burke. Given the capital investments that youre making in the theme park portion of NBCU, I was wondering if there is any sort of heuristic that you will be willing to share in terms of, how much a specific amount of capital youd expect to translate in the incremental attendance growth? Thank you.
Steve Burke: Im not sure I even know what the words heuristic means, but let me try to answer your question.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Rule of thumb.
Steve Burke: Every single one of our projects has a IRR and weve a hurdle and we always look at that and analyze that before we spend the money we do believe the theme park business is a great business that weve a very talented team both from the operations and the creative side and that investments theyre going to pay off. If you look at just Florida, when we open Harry Potter, the first Harry Potter, our attendance went up over 40% and were opening a secondary Potter just as a  by way of example next year fantastic attraction going to be connected to the first one in a very innovative way, very creative and that project like every other project goes through rigorous financial model. I happen to believe that on these projects for the foreseeable future, were going to beat our IRR substantially because were starting to get some real critical path  critical mass and here is a little bit of an add on effect. But we look at it all, and wouldnt be making the investments if we didnt think they clear our hurdle rates.
Michael Angelakis: Let me just pile on a little bit. Obviously, these things go through pretty rigorous analysis, but also the team has done a fabulous job when you look at Harry Potter, King Kong, Transformers, some of the more recent projects, theyve clearly exceeded our return threshold, both on attendance and on per capita spend. So, the theme parks really have some momentum and were going to continue to invest in those project areas where we think the IRRs are really attractive.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: Thank you.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Jason. Operator, lets go to the next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Good morning. Michael, I want to come back to the AT&T build out, I think a lot of their targets seems to be around commercial. So just curious if you guys are taking about how you invest in that business or run that business differently if youre seeing them more aggressive in the market. They certainly spend a lot of time on their call on trying to defend the small business side of the business, their business. And then, Steve just on the NBC upfront which clearly looks like a big success, given the rating strength last year. How much of that 13% increase were you selling more inventory versus just stronger audience guarantees versus last year to clearly got a lot of momentum with the voice in some other shows heading into the fall? Thanks.
Steve Burke: I will take the business services question Ben. The business had a great quarter growing at 26.5%. Its still about 85% small business and 15% mid size, but the mid size is growing at a faster rate more really pleased with the growth there. In terms of CapEx investment, we continue to invest behind the business. Its a high growth business, our highest growth business. The absolute dollars are growing in the nice way and were  primarily our CapEx is invested in extending the network and in CPE. Bill Stemper has done a great job organizing the team and so I think well continue with the investment behind it. Michael anything you would add?
Michael Angelakis: I would just add also, I think we made this point in the last quarter that last year and this year we reclassified about a $165 million -- $160 million of revenue, which was really sort of hotels and bars and some commercial. Thats not growing very fast. So, if you really at the core business services, which is the one Neil is talking about youve to add about 200 basis points in growth. So, really for the quarter grew about 28% plus, which listen the business is doing well comparatively to executing and were investing behind it. So, on an apples-to-apples basis, Id say that were looking at high 20s in terms of comparisons.
Steve Burke: And on the competition front, were seeing AT&T and Verizon advertise more their services. We feel were only about 10% penetrated and weve got lot of room for growth there.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks.
Michael Angelakis: So back in NBC in terms of the upfront, the CPM increase is for prime time were in the 7% to 8% range and we sold a little bit more, because we have more demand. I think we  overall we feel like we had on a relative basis a good year in terms of ratings and then we were able to get a little bit more of the what we call the entitlement gap.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Ben. Operator, lets go to the next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Cusick - JPMorgan: Hey guys, I guess two one broadband. The follow-up a little bit from an earlier one, is there still a lot of penetration potential in broadband? Other people seem to be slowing down, doesnt seem like thats happening for you and despite again as you pointed out he telco competition. Is there still potential to continue at this pace for another year or two? And then second on the Wi-Fi side, how big can you remind us, are you going to get here and how do you think of the business model? Whats really the customer proposition? Thanks.
Steve Burke: I think 37% penetration in broadband we still see a lot of room for growth. There is still significant DSL market out there and we feel weve got fundamentally a better product. We continue to invest  behind the network and in both capacity and speed as well as in the Wi-Fi gateways that were putting out now that have a just better throughput and better capacity. On the Wi-Fi side, we look at in two forms. One is the household Wi-Fi. I mean, people are hanging more devices off their Wi-Fi, routers everyday and our new Wi-Fi gateways will put through 250 megabit versus the previous versions at 80. So we can use lot more capacity for more devices and we see that as a fundamental proposition to the customer. We are also building out Wi-Fi on the metro side and weve about 250,000 access points, both our own as well as with the cable alliance. And people are using it more and more with the usage going up, unique usage going up, and its a real value proposition on the data side that the customers will continue investing behind Wi-Fi growth.
Michael Angelakis: I just want to add maybe a perspective to that question. I dont think any of us can perfectly see the future and therefore that I dont know the answer how far and how long it goes. But one of the things that I think the team here has done incredibly well is we redefined the product from connecting a wire to a PC to bringing your home to be the most enabled way to get that, which is important to you. So for instance, the momentum in tablets, the momentum in content being distributed, the momentum in apps and the innovation around the entire sector and mobile devices, the best way to enjoy all of that is to start by getting our high-speed data product, and thats because it connects to our home gateways and to Wi-Fi and all the things Neil just talked about. And thats why I think we want to  as we set our site to just be the best platform for a consumer and starts with getting one of or products for taking our bundle. And I think thats why were seeing better growth each year and as you say 37% in that regard doesnt sound like a number we cant continue to grow off of.
Philip Cusick - JPMorgan: Thanks, Michael.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, Phil. Operator, lets go to the next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks, I have two questions, one for cable one NBCU, so first for Michael and Neil, in cable is there anything that you can say about the long-term CapEx trends in cable with the roll out of X1 and X2, I mean is there any reason to think that at some point CapEx would show a more significant year-over-year increase than the 10% youre guiding to for 13. And then on the NBCU side, Steve any thoughts on how the launch of Fox Sports 1 might impact NBCU and the desire for more sports programming down the line?
Michael Angelakis: Hi, it's Michael Marci, how are you? Why dont I take the long-term CapEx question; really we dont  I think you know  provide any guidance beyond sort of the first year. I would say with regards to this year we increased capital a bit more than last year. The majority of that additional capital was for, what I would think is really exciting projects whether it's the launch of X1 in sort of further deployment of that of XFINITY Home or business services or the wireless gateways we just talked about. All of those projects have really attractive returns for our Company. So were delighted to invest in them, we think that theyre sort of adding customer lifetime value to our customer base. As we look at 14 I think it's a bit too early but we still have some of the same opportunities ahead of us and one of the other folks asked earlier about X1 and X2 and were going to continue to push broadband and continue to push wireless gateways. So I dont have a crystal ball of '14 in future years but we have a number of organic opportunities ahead of us that we think are very attractive.
Brian Roberts: Regarding Fox Sports 1, I don't think it changes the playing field for NBC Sports too much one way or the other. We've always had a lot of competition for rights between ESPN and Fox and Turner and others. A lot of people have been in the sports business competing with rights with us for a long time. I do think things look very good for both NBC Sports on the network and the NBC Sports network, partly because we recently won the rights to NASCAR. And we look at NASCAR as being a very, very important thing for the NBC Sports network and the network itself, because it basically gives us 20 weekends a year at a time when the NHL was not playing. So now we have year round professional sports very highly rated and that was a big win for the NBC Sports network. But I don't really think Fox Sports 1 plays into that too much. It's always been competitive, it always will be, and we think we have a unique way of looking at sports and a real place in the marketplace.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities: Thank you.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Marci. Operator, let's go to the next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Craig Moffett with Moffett Research. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett - Moffett Research: Good morning. Two quick questions if I may. One, with John Malone having spoken so much about the balance sheet capacity in the M&A story and willingness to take leverage levels up to four times or so, Michael, has any of that conversation led you to reevaluate your own comfort levels with different leverage and would you consider adding any more leverage to the balance sheet? And then a question for Neil, as you roll out the Wi-Fi gateways that you're doing, have you changed your thinking at all on the prospect of offering a sort of wireless service that is Wi-Fi based using that as a platform?
Michael Angelakis: Why don't I obviously take the balance sheet question? I think the answer, Craig, is no. I think we've obviously given substantial thought and consideration to our balance sheet. Given the total amount of debt that we have which is approximately $48 billion, we feel that we're very comfortable in the range that we've set which is 1.5 to 2 times. I think that we really prefer to have a bit of conservatism in our balance that provides appropriate flexibility and obviously we've given this a tremendous amount of thought and are pleased with where we're going right now.
Neil Smit: With regards to the Wi-Fi question, as I mentioned we continued to build up the network. All these gateways we're putting in the households now are holding hotspots as well, they have dual SSIDs and we're doing that with small business as well, so the network is getting denser as we continue to build out the gateway and the wireless gateways. With regards to wireless service, as you know we have an MVNO agreement with Verizon Wireless but we have at this point no plans to build out a wireless network.
Craig Moffett - Moffett Research: Thank you.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Craig. Operator, let's have the next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike McCormack with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Michael McCormack - Nomura: Hi, guys. Thanks. Just thinking about the increased usage in the home, obviously we're hearing a lot about and you guys have people moving up in the various tiers, but is there at some point where you need to think more about the network infrastructure. I know you're investing there, but do we hit a wall on capital at some point or we need to do something more dramatic, maybe you can just walk through some of the stuff you're doing there? And then secondly, you mentioned medium-sized business as being a decent driver in commercial services. How is the product set comparing against some of your competitors there? Is there something you need to add to that? Thanks.
Neil Smit: With regard to usage and capacity, we feel the network is flexible and has plenty of opportunity to grow in capacity whether it's through extending fiber deeper into the network which we do with our business services product, the Metro E product or whether it's splitting nodes or new technologies such as DOCSIS 3.1 which will be coming in over the next few years. So we feel very good about the future growth capacity of the network. With regards to midsized business, we have great products out there. We have Metro E. We have a hosted voice solution. We have a video product. We just upped our speeds and they were received very well by the customers. So we feel like our product set is very strong and we keep innovating on that front. And I think there's a lot of upside room for growth in the midsized business.
Michael McCormack - Nomura: Just on the pricing side and then
Brian Roberts: which is that the more the consumer desires speed, the better that is for our company in my opinion and that that we have myriad solutions as Neil just outlined. We can take more of the video bandwidth and apply it to digital and apply it to broadband. There's a lot of ways to go. That's what makes DOCSIS 3.1 a promising technology. At the cable convention, we demonstrated 3 gigabits of speed with over an existing plan. There's a lot of good things. So really that innovation will power more applications which will power more demand and I think that that will create more differentiation between us and any competitor. So it's where we'd like to see the world go.
Michael McCormack - Nomura: Great, thanks guys.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, Mike. Operator, let's go to the next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kraft - Evercore Partners: Thanks. On NBCUniversal, how do you anticipate the Legendary Entertainment partnership impacting NBCU's division from a revenue and cost perspective? Then also just on the affiliate and retrans renewals, is your objective to secure really long-term deals, say, 7 to 10 years in duration or are you trying to achieve more traditional three to five-year contract periods? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: So the way the Legendary deal will work and it will take a while to get moving is, Legendary is going to make some of their own films. They love large films dedicated to what they call the fanboy audience but very large films. And no, they will contribute capital and production resources and creative expertise into making those films. We will co-finance some of those films. And then in addition, Legendary will co-finance some of our films. When we look at our overall film strategy, we think it's a very important element of our strategy going forward. We have Illumination for animated films, couldn't be happier with that, Despicable Me 2 is going to end up being the single most profitable film in the 100-year history of Universal Studios, so we love Illumination. And then on the big film side, the riskiest and in some ways hardest part of the business right now we'll have a partner in Legendary that has a real passion for that. And then Universal will concentrate on everything else. So we think we now have a very coherent strategy. We're really excited it was a competitive auction to see who would end up with the Legendary film relationship and we won that auction. And we're pleased to have that business on a going forward basis.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, Bryan. Operator, let's go to the last question now. Thanks.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Frank Louthan with Raymond James. Please go ahead, sir.
Frank Louthan - Raymond James: Great, thank you. Within the SME business, are you seeing any change in your rate of growth coming from increasing revenue from existing customers, or I guess in other words what percentage of your growth is coming from existing customers versus getting traction with some new logos?
Brian Roberts: Most of the growth is coming from new customer acquisitions. However, we are introducing products to get up-sell products to our existing customers, such as for example we go out and buy  resell arrangements with software providers for services like financial management to our payroll and whatnot and these small businesses who aren't accustomed to going out and finding those solutions can get an entire package from us and we can offer them those at a discounted rate. So we are now beginning to focus on up-selling existing customers but the growth to-date has been from new customers.
Frank Louthan - Raymond James: Okay, great.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, Frank. Thank you all for joining us this morning.
Operator: Thank you. There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12.30 pm Eastern Time. It will run through Wednesday, August 7th at Midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 97883674. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12.30 pm today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Dooner  SVP, Investor Relations Brian Roberts  Chairman & CEO Michael Angelakis  CFO Neil Smit  EVP, Comcast Corporation, President & CEO, Comcast Cable Communications Steve Burke  EVP, Comcast Corporation & CEO, NBC Universal 
Analysts: Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Jessica Reif Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs  Jason Bazinet - Citi  John Hodulik - UBS  Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo Michael Senno - Credit Suisse  Phil Cusick - JPMorgan Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Brian Kraft - Evercore Partners  Amy Yong - Macquarie Frank Louthan - Raymond James
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcasts first quarter 2013 earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] . I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President Investor Relations, Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this mornings call are Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Steve Burke, and Neil Smit. As we have done in the past, Brian and Michael will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. Before we begin, I want to highlight for you some changes and enhancements we have made to our disclosure. First, we reclassified revenue from certain commercial customers such as hotels, bars, and restaurants to business service revenues, from residents video revenue.  We also expanded the disclosure of operating expenses and all our businesses, except for theme parks, will have the following expense categories in common: programming and production; advertising, marketing, and promotion; and other operating and administrative. We are also providing added transparency by presenting certain cable communications expenses, previously included as other, in an expanded technical and product support line item and in a new franchise and regulatory fee expense line item. Please note that these changes do not impact any segments total revenue or operating cash flow. These changes are incorporated into our trending schedules, which include pro forma results covering the past nine quarters, and are available on our investor relations website. As always, let me now refer you to slide number two, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.  With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian? 
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marlene, and good morning everyone. Im really pleased with our solid start in 2013. Excluding the Super Bowl, we are reporting revenue growth of 5%, cash flow growth of more than 7%, and record quarterly free cash flow of $3.1 billion. Michael will discuss these results in more detail, but let me start by providing some highlights. Cable had another strong quarter, with revenue growth of 6.4% and cash flow growth of 6.7%. Every product showed strength, with revenue increases across our residents products in business services and in advertising. Video revenue growth has been accelerating and was a standout this quarter, up 3.7%. Thats the highest rate of growth in any quarter in the last four years. As we continue to effectively balance financial and customer performance, the combined unit growth of our three main products, with 583,000, a 3% increase, and very solid when compared to prior quarters. Michael will describe this in more detail, but while we lost some more video customers this first quarter than last year, our goal is to continue to make progress in reducing video customer losses. High speed internet had another robust quarter, with 433,000 new customer additions, and voice customer additions grew by 29% as we continued to upgrade customers to triple play. Business services had 27% growth in revenue in the quarter, and ongoing momentum as it expanded services to small businesses and its presence in the midsize market.  Were making steady headway in the rollout of new products, and were about to significantly increase our marketing of X1, so that by the year end, it will be available and marketed nationwide. At the upcoming cable convention in June, we will demonstrate the next generation version of X1, really showing how we are accelerating innovation on this exciting new platform.  Were also expanding our definition of the fastest home by deploying wireless gateways to power the fastest in-home wireless network and growing the number of wirelessly connected devices on this platform in our customers homes.  We completed the acquisition of NBC Universal during the quarter, and feel really good about the entire transaction going back to 2009. The timing, the structure, the acceleration, and the strategic impacted all seem right. Weve been operating these businesses for the last two years, and we now have a fantastic platform with a lot of different growth opportunities for many years to come. In the first quarter, NBC Universal businesses generated strong results, with 17% operating cash flow growth, which is a real highlight. Our film business had two successful releases, broadcast results were as we expected, and we continued to see excellent performance at theme parks. The cable networks had solid results, and were delighted to see improved ratings at USA and Bravo, our two biggest networks. With all our cable networks now together under the leadership of Bonnie Hammer, we are very enthusiastic about how we can further strengthen and grow these businesses.  Comcast NBC Universal works together in ways that are unique. One is the April 15 premiere of Defiance, which was Syfys most watched scripted series premiere in 7 years, as top performance in total viewers since 2009. Comcast Cable showcased Defiance through cross-channel spots, on VOD, online, and in our on-screen guides, helping to promote the new series. As a result, ratings for Defiance in Comcast homes outperformed all other distributors by 77%. Weve had many successful examples like this of working across our company to experiment and launch new and innovative programs, and this continues a great trend. So all in all, a really solid start to 2013. Let me now pass it to Michael to cover the first quarter results in detail.
Michael Angelakis : Good morning, and thank you, Brian. Let me begin by briefly reviewing our consolidated financial results, starting on slide four. Overall, we are very pleased with our first quarter results, which reflect consistent execution, profitable growth, and the fundamental strength in our business.  First quarter consolidated revenue increased 2.9% to $15.3 billion. If we exclude the $259 million of revenue generated by the Super Bowl in the first quarter of 2012, consolidated revenue actually increased 4.7%. Consolidated operating cash flow increased 7.4% to $5 billion, reflecting focused execution that resulted in strong organic growth in both our cable communications and NBC Universal businesses. Free cash flow for the first quarter, which excludes any impact of the economic stimulus, increased 3.3% to $3.1 billion, primarily reflecting growth in consolidated operating cash flow, partially offset by higher capital expenditures. Free cash flow per share increased 5.4% to $1.17 per share in the quarter. Earnings per share for the first quarter grew 20% to $0.54 per share, compared to $0.45 per share in the first quarter of 2012. Excluding a gain related to the sale of wireless spectrum of $0.03 per share, our adjusted earnings per share increased 13.3% to $0.51 in the first quarter of 2013. Now lets review the results of our businesses in more detail, starting with cable communications on slide five. We had a strong quarter of financial and customer growth in our cable communications business. In the first quarter, cable communications revenue increased a healthy 6% to $10.2 billion, driven by higher video revenue growth and the continued strength in high speed internet and business services.  As a result, total revenue per video customer increased 8% to $155 per month. Contributing to this growth are rate adjustments, an increasing number of customers taking multiple products, and a higher contribution from business services.  At the end of the quarter, the number of video-only customers declined, as more customers subscribed to multiple services, with 76% of our video customers subscribing to at least two products, and 41% now subscribing to all three services. In the first quarter, we added 583,000 total video, high-speed internet, and voice customers, a 3% increase in net customer additions over last years first quarter, reflecting strong high-speed internet and voice net additions, partially offset by video customer losses. In the first quarter, we lost 60,000 video customers, compared to a loss of 37,000 in last years first quarter. During the quarter, we accelerated the timing of rate adjustments and implemented increases to 72% of our customer base versus 62% in the first quarter of 2012. In addition, we implemented equipment price increases for [D to As] and HD DVRs to this larger base, which in combination negatively impacted our customer base during the quarter. However, about half of our video subscriber losses were due to the methodology we use to count [MDU] subscribers under our bulk contracts and the other half were primarily video-only customers. As you may know, we count video customers that are billed under bulk contracts on an FCC equivalent or [EVU] basis, which results in fewer customers as rates increase. In order to improve our transparency in how we report and manage these bulk contracts, well be changing our external reporting to a billable units methodology at the end of the year. We believe this change will reinforce our operational focus in this customer segment, and align our video customer account methodology with the rest of the cable industry. As we have mentioned previously, we have been very focused on striking the right balance between customer growth and financial growth, and in the quarter we reported strong video revenue growth. Video revenue increased 3.7% in the first quarter. This is the highest video revenue growth in more than four years, and video revenue was the second largest contributor to cable revenue growth in the first quarter. This strong growth reflects the rate increases I just highlighted and also an increasing number of customers taking advanced services. We added 273,000 advance service customers in the first quarter, and now have 12 million HD and/or DVR customers, equal to 55% of our video customers. High-speed internet was, again, the largest contributor to our cable revenue growth in the first quarter, with revenue increasing 9%, driven by continued growth in our customer base as we added 433,000 new high-speed internet customers, implemented rate adjustments, and increased the number of customers receiving our higher-speed services. We recently announced speed increases and remain focused on providing our customers with higher-speed services. And today, 31% of our customers take a higher-speed tier above our primary service. With regard to voice, revenue increased 3% in the quarter, driven by strong growth in our customer base. We added 211,000 new voice customers, a 29% increase over the last year, reflecting continued success in converting 1- and 2-product customers to triple play and also in acquiring new triple play relationships. As Marlene mentioned, we have restructured responsibilities, and therefore reclassified revenue from certain commercial establishments that was previously presented in residential revenue and now to business services. This added $160 million to the full year of 2012, and $38 million to the first quarter 2013 business services revenue, lowering its reported growth by more than 200 basis points to a still very healthy 27.5% in the first quarter of 2013. Business services remains an exciting and substantial opportunity for us, as it continues its positive momentum. The small end of the market, or businesses with less than 20 employees, continues to drive our growth and accounted for nearly 85% of business services revenue in the first quarter. The midsized business, which is now established and growing at over a 50% annualized rate, continues to represent approximately 15% of this groups revenue. Our cable advertising group also performed well, as the first quarter revenue increased 2.7%. When excluding the impact of last years political revenue, our cable advertising revenue actually increased 5.3%.  Please refer to slide six. First quarter cable communications operating cash flow increased 6.7% to $4.2 billion, for a consistent margin of 41.3%. In the first quarter, total expenses in cable increased 6.3%, primarily reflecting higher programming expenses as well as additional costs related to expansion of business services and XFINITY Home.  Programming expenses increased 8.5% in the first quarter, and as weve mentioned, last quarter our program expense increases reflect higher rates for two recently completed long term agreements, increasing retransmission [consent] and our expanding content lineup on multiple platforms. We continue to expect programming expenses to grow at low double-digit rates for full year 2013. In the first quarter, we have effectively offset some of these expense increases, with continued efficiency gains. During the first quarter, we reduced our activity level by 1.2 truck rolls and by 1 million agent calls handled in our call centers, even as we added 583,000 total new customers. Customers continue to elect self-installations, which in the first quarter accounted to 38% of our total installations, compared to 24% in the first quarter of last year. In addition, we now have 29% of our customers managing their accounts online. These operating and technology platform improvements result in a better experience for our customers, lower activity level, and improved productivity for our cable operations. Please refer to slide seven so we can review NBC Universals results. For the first quarter of 2013, NBCs revenue increased 2.4%, excluding the Super Bowl, and operating cash flow increased 17.2%. These strong first quarter results were driven by cable networks and film and consistently strong performance at the theme parks. Now lets take a closer look at the individual segments at NBC Universal. For the first quarter, cable networks generated revenue of $2.2 billion, an increase of 4.6%, primarily reflecting an 8.6% increase in distribution revenue. Advertising revenue from the networks increased 2.5%, primarily reflecting price increases, offset by lower ratings. Content licensing revenue from our studio and certain cable networks declined by 11.9%. Cable networks operating cash flow increased 6.2% to $859 million in the quarter, primarily reflecting improved revenue performance and a 2% increase in programming and production costs, due to the continued investment in original programming, partially offset by lower sports programming costs compared to last years first quarter. With regard to our broadcast segment, first quarter broadcast television revenue decreased 18.5% to $1.5 billion. However, excluding the impact of the Super Bowl in the first quarter of 2012, broadcast revenue decreased 5.3%, reflecting a decline in advertising due to lower prime time ratings, driven by changes to the timing of key shows including The Voice and lower content licensing revenue from a prior library content agreement. Primarily reflecting the decline in revenue, the broadcast segment generated operating cash flow loss of $35 million in the first quarter, compared to a loss of $14 million in the first quarter of 2012. Moving to film entertainment, our first quarter revenue increased 2% to $1.2 billion, driven by the strong box office performance of Les Miserables and the successful first quarter releases of Identity Thief and Mama as well as higher content licensing revenue. Film operating cash flow increased $63 million to $69 million, reflecting the positive performance of the film slate and lower marketing costs due to the timing of theatrical releases. Switching to our theme park segment, we had another strong quarter as theme parks generated revenue of $462 million, a 12.2% increase, driven by attendance growth at both parks, which benefited in part by the timing of holidays. In addition, theme parks continued to benefit from the success of the Harry Potter attraction in Orlando and the Transformers attraction in Hollywood. First quarter operating cash flow increased 10.3% to $173 million, reflecting higher revenue, partially offset by an increase in operating costs to support new attractions. Lets move on to slide eight, to review our consolidated capital expenditures. Consistent with our expectations in the first quarter, consolidated capital expenditures increased 16% to $1.4 billion compared to $1.2 billion in the first quarter of 2012. At Cable Communications, first quarter capital expenditures increased $38 million, or 3.6%, to $1.1 billion, equal to 10.7% of cable revenue versus 11% in the first quarter of 2012. The increase primarily reflects our continuing investments in network infrastructure to ensure product leadership in our video and high-speed internet, as well as the expansion of new services that generate attractive returns like business services and XFINITY Home. NBC Universals capital expenditures for the first quarter of 2013 increased $152 million to $263 million, primarily driven by increased investments in theme parks, as we built new attractions, particularly Transformers and other attractions in Orlando, Despicable Me in Hollywood, and expansion of Harry Potter. As I mentioned in February, we continue to expect that, for the full year 2013, cable capital expenditures will increase by approximately 10%, with capital intensity increasing slightly, and that NBC Universals full year 2013 capital investment will increase by approximately 25% from 2012. Please refer to slide nine. As I mentioned earlier, we generated consolidated free cash flow of $3.1 billion in the first quarter, an increase of 3.3%. Free cash flow per share increased 5.4% to $1.17 per share. The first quarters typically are our strongest free cash flow quarter, due to the timing of payments of our federal cash taxes. The NBC Universal transaction was funded and closed on March 19. As a result, we ended the first quarter with consolidated debt and $725 million of subsidiary preferred stock, totaling $48 billion and a gross debt to operating cash flow leverage ratio of 2.4x.  We view our balance sheet as a strategic asset, and are focused on strengthening our financial position with a medium-term leverage target of 1.5 to 2x. As a result of the transaction and our revised targets, our public debt ratings were recently upgraded by the two major credit rating agencies. We are executing on our 2013 financial plan that we outlined in our year-end earnings call, and during the first quarter we returned $929 million of capital to shareholders, including share repurchases totaling $500 million and dividend payments totaling $429 million. As we enter the second quarter, our dividend payments will reflect the 20% increase that we announced with our year-end earnings.  Overall, we are very pleased with the start of 2013, reflecting our strong operating and financial results and our momentum. We believe that our ongoing investments, along with our focused and disciplined execution, will continue to yield positive results and profitable growth. Now let me turn the call over to Marlene for Q&A. 
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Michael. Operator, lets open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question will come from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: I have a question for Neil regarding marketing strategy and a quick clarification from Michael. For Michael, on [MDU] video subaccounting, you noted half the video sublosses in Q1 2013 were due to MDU accounting. How much of Q1 2012 reported video sublosses were due to that MDU accounting?  And then for Neil, you showed strong voice growth. I think the focus remains on triple play marketing. A peer is deemphasizing triple play marketing. Theyre concerned customers dont want to pay for voice service. How do you gain comfort that triple play remains the right marketing strategy? Is there anything in customer quality metrics or churn or customer satisfaction surveys that you can share with us?
Michael Angelakis : Why dont I take the question on the second part. Really the way I think were looking at it is we did lose a little bit more primary customers in the first quarter of 2013 than we did in the first quarter of 2012. So thats really one of the focus points that were on. And as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, the primary reason for that was really the increases that we had provided in rates during the first quarter compared to last year.
Neil Smit : On our marketing strategy, its very consistent with where weve been in the past. Were very focused on triple play. Our triple play sell-in was up 8% year over year, and I think a lot of the good performance in our phone results was attributable to that. Were getting a higher triple play sell-in, and triple play customers churn at a significantly lower rate than single play customers, and customer sat is higher. So thats why were going to continue with that strategy. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America. 
Jessica Reif Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess one for each segment. On cable, can you talk a little bit about new products? You have a lot of rights that youre buying from programmers that I think youve talked about in the past that you may market differently or introduce new products? So if you could just talk about that and other opportunities like home monitoring, which you didnt mention? And then on the NBC Universal, it seems like really excellent progress across the board, with the exception of broadcasting, which probably has the most upside over the longer term. So just hoping, since Steves on the call, if you could just address what youre doing to turn around NBC, which has had glimmers of light at times.
Neil Smit : Ill speak to the products. As you know, X1 is rolling out nationwide. Were in about 30% of the country now, and launching markets on a continuous basis. Well be at about 50% of the footprint by the end of Q2.  Our home product has rolled out nationally. Its starting to gain momentum. Interestingly, a relatively high percentage of the customers who have never had a security service are taking home, and 40% of those are new to Comcast, and 70% of those are taking triple play or taking quad play. So its an encouraging sign. In terms of rights, we, as you know, acquired new rights to our TV Everywhere contract with a number of major distributors. And were leveraging those in areas like [watch-a-thons]. We did watch-a-thon and we got the 123 million views across all our platforms. And interestingly, the set top box views were up 27%. So it wasnt just viewing, it was viewing on the television and the big screen. But our views on mobile as well as online were also up. And Streampix, were getting rights for SVOD from a number of the programmers, and Streampix continues to grow, both in the service that we include for our high-value customers as well as the a la carte buys. So theres a lot of new product growth going on, but our real focus now is on X1 and also on the gateway product that ups throughput of our in-home wifi.  Steve?
Steve Burke: When we announced the deal a couple of years ago, we said that it would take something like three to five years to get momentum at the broadcast network really materialized. I think we made good progress in the first couple of years, primarily with The Voice. We are now doing The Voice both in the fall and the spring, and the good news, when The Voice came back this spring, ratings were actually higher, are actually higher, in the fall.  So that strategys worked, and we had real momentum in the fall. And during the first quarter, when the voice was not on the air, we lost that momentum. We knew that would happen, and then it came back when The Voice came back. We have a few other shows that are showing glimmers of hope, but we really need to get one or two more good shows. But were making progress. We were in fourth place for a number of years. Last year we came in third place, barely, primary because of the Super Bowl. This year it looks like were headed for a strong third place. So were making some progress, but we do need some more shows.  I happen to be in L.A. right now, were going through pilots, and were putting a tremendous amount of focus and concentration on building on the success weve had so far, and developing shows that will continue to have that success next year.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America :  Can I ask a quick follow up for Neil? What is the opportunity for home monitoring? Like a dollar amount? Can you say?
Neil Smit : Well, we currently sell our security service, our XFINITY home service, for different price points, $29, $39, and $49, depending on the amount of equipment and level of service. That includes the home monitoring service. I think that there are other opportunities for products that we could hang off the wifi, that were currently investigating.  So you could have the home security service, the lighting service, home energy management that we have today, and you could add other services onto that. And were looking at that portfolio of services that we could hang off the wifi umbrella right now, which is one of the reasons were focusing so heavily on wifi. Weve got the fastest in-home wifi. 60% of mobile usage is in-home, and people are hanging a lot more devices, an average of 6 devices, off their home wifi. So were going to continue to push hard on that product.
Michael Angelakis :
 :
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jason Armstrong of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs : First, on the programming cost inflation. Obviously we saw a step up this quarter, but still sort of below the annual guide. You flagged ABC and Fox as sort of pressure points over the course of the year, but it seems like a decent chunk of that could have, and probably should have, shown up in the first quarter. So what are the things, from here, that would drive continued increases in the rate of inflation over the course of the year thats sort of implied by your guidance. And then second question, on business services, another good quarter there. Youve talked, I think, before, about margins in the 50% range in that business. As you think about tapping into different segments of the market from here and getting higher penetration, whats happening with incremental margins in that segment? 
Neil Smit : Why dont I take programming? Programming expense growth we still expect in the low double digits for 2013. We had a few exceptions in the quarter, one of which was the NHL lockout, which resulted in a one-time rebate. But as you know, programming rates fluctuate as contracts come in and out, and carriage varies. But I still believe well be in the low double-digit rate increase this year. Concerning business services, as the business scales, and we leverage the infrastructure better, the margin has gone up. And I feel that as we enter new business segments, that should continue that trend. As you saw in the quarter, we moved over what we call the hospitality business, which is bars and restaurants, into the business services management structure. We felt like we could manage and focus on it more effectively.  That resulted in a $40 million movement, which was 200 basis points of downward movement in the margin. It went down to 27.5, and would have been 29.5, if we hadnt done that movement. The growth rate, excuse me. But were managing the business more effectively, and I think the margins are going to continue to be healthy in business services. 
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs : And Neil, just quickly, on the first question, what was the size of the NHL rebate?
Neil Smit : We dont disclose the size.
Michael Angelakis : And Jason, let me just add, we do have, as part of contracts, different step ups at different times, taking effect at different parts of the year. So as were provided with some insight into how our programming costs will go up, we did have some, obviously, increase in the first quarter. Some of that was offset by the rebate that Neil mentioned. And as other channels, we do have different points in time where those kind of reset during the year, which will have an impact on our full year estimate.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead. 
Jason Bazinet - Citi :  For Mr. Smit, do you mind just updating us on your current thinking on data caps and consumption-based pricing on the internet product? And then for Mr. Angelakis, can you remind us, I guess on the cash flow statement, do you settle the station venture liability? Does that have any bearing on the way we should be forecasting the TV station group at all, in terms of financials?
Neil Smit : We are currently underway with two tests in the markets. One aligns itself with the speeds that people are buying up to, and another is where you can buy incremental data packages as you move along. Its still in the early stages of test, we havent drawn any conclusions yet. Were pleased with our current pricing, and the growth in the HSD business. 
Michael Angelakis : With regard to station ventures, weve been the majority shareholder of that joint venture for many years, and weve always consolidated that operating cash flow. So as you look at that business going forward, there will be really no change to our financial statements related to the resolution of that joint venture.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John Hodulik of UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik - UBS : Just some follow up questions on the X1 rollout, I guess for Neil. Can you update us on trends you see in the markets where youve had the X1 rolled out the longest? Im basically trying to get a sense for whether or not X1 drives a change in the trajectory, and if so, are there some markets where youre seeing subscriber growth? And then as it relates to the new marketing along the X1, is that something that should affect margins as we go into the second half? Or is it just a shift from some other kind of marketing around the X1?
Neil Smit : The X1, the results have been very positive. Weve seen increases in overall VOD views, especially in the transactional VOD. HD viewing is much higher due to the autotune switch. The customer sat is higher, and the most viewed features are the mini guide and the last nine channels that you used. So overall, very positive results.  In terms of the growth in markets, we have seen growth in a number of our markets. I dont know if Id attribute it specifically to X1, since its in the very early stages. And we will begin marketing it more aggressively going forward. And I think that would be a shift in marketing dollars from one program to another, but I dont think that well see notably higher marketing budget increase. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Marci Ryvicker of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo: I want to get back to the upsell to the triple play, and Im thinking about what happened with Time Warner Cable, because they were successful with the triple play last year, but it ended up that they had acquired less profitable subs that actually churned more quickly than expected. How do you think about this risk of potentially increased churn, and the quality of your triple play subs? Is this being driven by promotions, or do you have more flexible packaging? Any color around the difference between what youre seeing and what Time Warner Cable may have seen?
Neil Smit : I cant speak to Time Warner Cables marketing program, but were still very focused on the triple play. Our triple play customers churn at a lower rate than our single or double play, and thats been consistent for some time period now. I think were seeing, as I mentioned earlier, our triple play sell-in is up about 8%. So thats why were seeing more upgrading from single and double play to triple play. And you saw that in the numbers. Triple play customers are now 41%. Were also doing a transitional sales program where, as we solve a billing call, for example, we are asking, if they dont have phone, if theyd be interested in purchasing phone. So were upgrading more customers. But I cant speak to Time Warner, but I think the triple play has still been a very effective program for us.
Michael Angelakis : Something I would add is if you even go back to 2011, and between 2011 and 2012, we added about 300 basis points of penetration of triple play, and then if you look at 12 to 13, its about another 300 to 400 basis points of penetration on triple play. So now were, as I mentioned, 41%. And its pretty clear, as Neil mentioned, that those customers have higher sat, lower churn, and for us, the best customer lifetime value. So were going to continue to focus on customer lifetime value, and thats where we see some of the benefits.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Michael Senno with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Michael Senno - Credit Suisse : Just wanted to go back to the rate increases and what impact they may have had on churn to see if you think youve gotten over that hump, or there may be still some lingering effect heading into the next quarter, and what youre seeing in the competitive environment in general with telcos getting aggressive on some promotions.
Neil Smit : Were always balancing rate and volume, and this quarter, the first quarter, we took rate increases across 72% of our footprint versus 62% of our footprint last year. We also, the rate increases included both an increase on service as well as DTAs and HD DVRs. So we got a double impact there. The good news is revenue was up 3.7%, which is the best in over four years, and it was $184 million worth of revenue impact. I think whenever were taking rate increases across a wider swath of footprint, were going to see an impact on volume. Generally speaking, that impact occurs within the quarter, and doesnt linger on into subsequent quarters.  Our goal is to keep making progress on video sublosses, and I think one of the things that was notable was that most of our losses were single play only customers, and we continued to drive focus on high-value subs, and youre seeing that in the triple play results.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Phil Cusick - JPMorgan: Two for Brian, if you dont mind. First, I think you were on CNBC this morning and you mentioned that you see a steadily improving economy. But it doesnt seem like the video industry is growing with occupied housing. Can you give us some thoughts on that? And then second, would you mind opining on the Cablevision lawsuit versus Viacom from both an MSO and a programming owners point of view?
Brian Roberts: Well, I dont know that I have any better crystal ball on the overall economy than anybody else. Were not seeing a lot of housing growth, which would be the main driver of expansion. But at the same time, were seeing some modest improvement in some pockets of the country, and generally, as I said this morning, I think were in a steady, longer, maybe somewhat frustrating to many of us that its not going faster, but that its in the right direction. And we dont see any big changes.  So were planning our business as if the economy will continue to recover. Were bullish long term, and I go back to the statement just in terms of [your actions], which is we accelerated the buyout of GE, and we feel really good about that decision a few weeks later and a few months later, and the whole decision with NBC Universal who have all this growth opportunity now in the company, in addition to cable.  The lawsuit, I think Im just going to stay away from that at this time. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: One for Brian and one for Steve. Brian, you guys are leading edge on TV Everywhere and XFINITY and some of the apps youve rolled out. I was curious if you could share with us what kind of consumption and usage trends youre seeing on out of home rights that youve been able to bring together, and even in home, how people are using the tablet and other non-primary screen devices to interface with the Comcast cable services. Particularly thinking about that in context with some of the Netflix data about how much time Netflix subs spend using Netflix. Im curious what the experience has been on the Comcast side.  And maybe for Steve, one segment that really doesnt get a lot of attention is the studio. It was a strong quarter this quarter. Years ago, that was a very significant profit generator. Im curious if you could just opine for us on any changes youve made at the studio on the cost side or in the development side that you think suggest that weve got a lot of room to expand profit pools at the studio.
Steve Burke: I think weve made a lot of fantastic progress on creating a TV Everywhere experience. Is it perfect? Is it ubiquitous? Is it finished? Absolutely not. But we have some quarter of a million choices, plus, between XFINITYTV.com and all the other various versions of that, whether its VOD or the iPad app. Weve had 8 million iPad app downloads. I could give you lots and lots of stats.  On demand, as Neil said, we created a fantastic event called watch-a-thons. We got all the broadcasters, all the premium channels, and a number of cable channels, and we opened up really the best series of television to our viewers for a week on all the platforms. It helped upsell pay. It was authenticated easily, and got people to use their Comcast XFINITY experience on multiple platforms. So I think youre going to see a lot more of that kind of thing. The other thing thats exciting and were going to show some of this, where X1 can evolve to, is just the continuation of how your DVR can interact, and how you can have even more seamless nature of accessing the content and easier search, and faster results, and moving it across other devices. So a lot of progress is happening. At the same time, were very mindful. The market continues to evolve with other services that we dont necessarily directly touch. [Neither] our broadband. So were investing in broadband, which is why I think youre seeing such a healthy broadband investment cycle and customer growth and the fastest speeds, and were pretty excited about whats happening. And for many, many years, we sort of believed that we should have the best network and the best user experience, and all this pushes up to keep innovating.  So I dont know, Neil, you may want to add to that, but I think the main thing with TV Everywhere is how easy can you make authentication, first gate, and when we go back to, say, the Olympics, we made some great progress there. Watch-a-thon was even better. And I think when we get to the Olympics next year, a lot more progress will have been made in that two-year period and I think youre going to be able to begin authenticating using other credentials from other population web apps and things that were working on right now that are exciting.
Brian Roberts: Regarding film, weve had a very good nine-month run. And some of that, I think, is just better films. You could start with Ted and go through Les Miserables and Identity Thief. Weve had a very good run in terms of the films that weve picked. The good news is were looking forward to Despicable Me 2 and Fast 6, both coming out between now and the fourth of July. I think theres been some strategy change. I think were more focused on sequels and more internationally focused, and weve made some progress in terms of the cost side of the business with international home video joint ventures and things like that. But I think it really comes down to weve had a run of very good films, and hopefully that will continue with some of the films that are coming up.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Brian Kraft with Evercore Partners. Please go ahead. 
Brian Kraft - Evercore Partners: Just wanted to ask you, on the parks, now that the Universal Studios 25-year evolution plan has been approved by L.A. County, when will that begin to impact capex? How long do you anticipate the project taking? And what do you think the total investment would be? And is there any spend on that in this years capital budget? And then also, just on the revenue growth, was all of that acceleration, do you think, the timing of the holidays driving improved attendance? Or was there some underlying acceleration as well?
Michael Angelakis : Why dont I take evolution plan? First of all, were very excited that evolution plan has been approved. And were really excited to make more investments related to the park in Hollywood. There is some capital that will be invested in 2013 related to the work well be doing with Harry Potter in Hollywood. There will be more, obviously, in 2014.  So our expectation is, over the next couple of years, we will be investing in the park in Hollywood pretty substantially. Were not talking about how much it is, but were pretty excited that Harry Potter, when it comes to our theme park in Hollywood, will do terrific. And weve done a lot of work on planning for that, and the team is exceedingly excited. So its going to take us a couple of years to make that investment, and I think youll see some of those dollars this year, next year, and even a little bit into 2015.
Steve Burke: [unintelligible] helpful during the first quarter, but really whats going on is both in Orlando and Hollywood, we have real, underlying momentum. In Hollywood, a lot of it is Transformers. In Orlando, its a variety of things. Were opening a Transformers attraction in Orlando in the near future, and that will hopefully provide continued momentum. And then Harry Potter, I think, has been a game-changer for Orlando, and when its up and running in Hollywood, it will be the same for that park.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Amy Yong with Macquarie. 
Amy Yong - Macquarie: In the past, youve outlined that ratings for NBC were stronger in Comcast territories. Is that still the case? And can you just update us on that strategy, or I guess Project Symphony, post the buy-in?
Brian Roberts : I think what weve said before is that were finding a pattern, whether its a big movie or a new television show like The Voice or Defiance on Syfy, when the entire company gets behind a specific show or movie, the results in Comcast markets are markedly better than the rest of the country. And I think thats just a fundamental belief, and a differentiator that we have that maybe half a dozen times a year, we can pick something thats important to the company and really make it work by bringing the entire company together.  I think one of the things that is also happening is our own stations are getting stronger. And our own stations overlap significantly with Comcast markets. So you see a lot of markets where we were actually the number four or number three news provider, where were now number three or two or one in some cases. So the stations are getting stronger, the Comcast markets are very supportive, and the way to think about it is really to think about our major properties are doing well because of Symphony.  Were trying to continue that, and in some cases improve it and tweak it. Were learning things, were doing a lot for the major movies that are coming out, and I think Defiance was clearly a huge impact on the Comcast side.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Frank Louthan with Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Frank Louthan - Raymond James: Looking at some of your opportunities with Verizon Wireless, can you comment on that, and particularly with what you mentioned about the wireless gateways and the faster speeds, and any of that in relation with your Verizon partnership?
Neil Smit : I can only say that the Verizon Wireless partnership has been terrific. Theyre great partners. We work well together. We identify products that would be opportunities for both of our customer bases. The focus to date has been on getting the infrastructure set. So were in 500 Verizon stores, and about 1,000 agent stores. Weve got a common billing system, so the agents in their stores can bill and sell things in a manner that theyre familiar with. Weve got some products lined up, a product roadmap, and HSD is certainly a good opportunity in there that we want to leverage, but so is video. The data usage on mobile phones is very high for video, and we think theres a real opportunity there as well. So great partnership, more to come.  
Marlene Dooner: Thank you Frank, and thank you all for joining us this morning. 
Operator: There will be a replay available of todays call, starting at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. It will run through Wednesday, May 8, at midnight, Eastern Time. The dial in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 27576169. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the companys website beginning at 4:30 p.m. today.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-13 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Dooner  SVP, Investor Relations Brian Roberts  Chairman & CEO Michael Angelakis  CFO Neil Smit  EVP, Comcast Corporation, President & CEO, Comcast Cable Communications Steve Burke  EVP, Comcast Corporation & CEO, NBCUniveral
Analysts: Jason Bazinet - Citi Investment Research Jessica Reif Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason Armstrong  Goldman Sachs Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank John Hodulik  UBS Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Michael [Sena] - Credit Suisse Brian Kraft - Evercore Partners  
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcasts fourth quarter and full-year 2012 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President Investor Relations, Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner. 
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone. Joining me on this mornings call are Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Steve Burke and Neil Smit. We have a full agenda this morning. Brian and Michael will make formal remarks on both our earnings results and our announced early acquisition of GEs 49% common equity interest in NBCUniversal. Following their remarks, Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As you review our materials, please refer to our trending schedules, which are available on our investor relations website for performer results covering the past 12 quarters as well as detailed information for our business segments and other consolidated metrics. As always, let me refer you to Slide number 2 which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. This is a really special moment for our company with a number of exciting developments to tell you about today. We are reporting strong results for the fourth quarter and the full-year 2012, accelerating the acquisition of GEs equity interest in NBCs Universal and demonstrating confidence and optimism in the future of all our businesses by increasing our dividend 20%, announcing our plan to repurchase $2 billion of our stock during 2013. Let me begin with our strong financial results for both the fourth quarter and the full year which highlight our momentum and how were benefitting from scale and from our focus on operational excellence. These results demonstrate that our investments for growth and strategic differentiation, particularly in programming, technology and in new products, are helping us lead in innovation and strengthening our position in the market. Michael will discuss the results in more detail but I want to provide a few highlights. Let me start with cable, which capped accelerating performance throughout the year with a strong fourth quarter. Every part of the cable business showed strength with revenue increases in all our residential products, business services and in advertising. High speed internet led the way in both revenue and subscriber growth. We added 1.2 million HIS customers in 2012, a 6% increase for the seventh year in a row of more than 1 million customer additions. In video, we extended the trend of improving subscriber and revenue results. The fourth quarter was the ninth quarter in a row of year-over-year improvement in video subscribers and we expect that excluding the impact of Hurricane Sandy we added subscribers in the fourth quarter. Just as important, video revenue growth of 2.9% in the fourth quarter was the highest in four years. Our triple play offering is driving a rebound in voice with strong customer growth in the fourth quarter and we reached a milestone of 10 million voice customers early this new year. Last but certainly not least, business services was again the second largest contributor to cables growth as it continues to expand its services to small businesses and its presence in the mid-size market. So its been a fantastic 2012 for cable and a great fourth quarter. The XFINITY brand is taking hold and were making steady headway in customer service and the cable team is delivering consistent and first rate operating performance. Neil Smit is doing a fabulous job and so is his team. Similarly, at NBCUniversal, Steve Burke and the NBCUniversal folks have had a very successful year. NBCUniversals 2012 results highlight in particular the improving performance of our broadcast businesses. NBCs primetime performance this fall has been improving. While we recognize its early in the turnaround, this is driving a big swing in momentum which should continue to help the network. Our cable networks continue to drive NBC Universals profitability and there were some real highlights there too. USA remained the highest-rated cable entertainment network for the seventh year in a row, Bravo had its seventh consecutive best year ever, and we also completed rebrands at E! and Style, and in terms of rating, Golf, Mundos, and MSNBC were three of the five fastest-growing channels on television all of last year. NBC Universals 2012 results also included stronger box office performance in film and outstanding results at the theme parks. So let me talk about now our future, since were excited about our businesses and are going to continue to invest to reinforce our differentiation and to drive growth. High-speed internet and business services continue to be the drivers for cable, and in 2013, we are investing to increase the speed once again of our high-speed internet services and to expand the deployment of wireless gateways that deliver the fastest in-home service and power the growing number of wirelessly connected devices in our customers homes.We are also extending our network to business-rich areas to continue to gain share in small businesses and medium-sized businesses and to expand our Metro E products. Our Xfinity Home service has exciting growth potential too. It is now available across the entire footprint, and while its still early and the numbers are relatively small, Xfinity Home is attracting new customers and working well as the fourth product in some of the bundles. 76% of our Xfinity home customers are Quad Play, 22% are new to Comcast, and of those, 73% come in buying all four products. In 2012, we rolled out our first X1 service, our cloud-based, interactive guide and user interface, in six markets. This year, we will expand the rollout of X1 to the majority of our footprint, and youll also begin to see X1 more as a platform as we enable cloud-delivered applications to our customers.At NBC Universal, the Universal theme parks have been a real standout, and we see great potential in the years ahead. And so were investing in new attractions to continue to transform our parks into more must-visit destinations. The new Transformers ride was an enormous success at Universal Studios Hollywood this past year, and well be opening in Orlando in 2013. And were expanding the hugely successful Harry Potter attraction, including working on bringing it to Hollywood.Now lets discuss the announcements we made last night regarding our acquisition of GEs existing 49% equity interest in NBC Universal. Two years in, the strategic rationale for bringing together our content and distribution businesses and the opportunities for growth and value-creation available at NBC Universal are even stronger and better than we first anticipated. Weve been hard at work inside these businesses for the last two years, and now have the knowledge and confidence to accelerate the buyout of GE.In effect, were buying stock in our own company, and investing in businesses that we know well. Our programming investments are beginning to pay off, driving strong early results at NBC broadcast network and a turnaround in ratings and financial performance at our local stations. We also successfully integrated the Comcast cable channels and regional sports networks and were investing across our cable networks to strengthen the brands and to reinforce the value. As a result, we are beginning to see improved affiliate fees for the cable channels and the benefits of retransmission consent fees for NBC and Telemundo. We have achieved strong growth across the theme parks, and were also reinvigorating our franchises in the film business. Finally, weve demonstrated real value when we bring together our content and distribution businesses to support important initiatives for the whole company. We call that project Symphony, and whether you look at the success of The Lorax or The Voice, or in particular last years Olympics, many of these successes were amplified because of our Symphony approach.So were really pleased with the transition, have a great management team in place, and strong momentum, and were bullish about NBC Universals future. This is also a good time to complete the acquisition since we are able to fund it through a combination of cash from operations, proceeds from the sale of non-strategic assets plus attractively priced public debt and seller financing from General Electric. We now have a simplified structure and balance sheet and our goal is to continue to strengthen this balance sheet and achieve even stronger credit ratings over time while we continue to provide a sustainable return of capital to shareholders. I believe we are uniquely positioned with great businesses and real opportunities for growth and aim to continue to strengthen our company. As we start 2013, we have real momentum and were maintaining our focus on execution and disciplined investment to build in each and every one of these exciting businesses. Let me now pass it to Michael to cover the results and the transaction in greater detail.
Michael Angelakis: Good morning and thank you, Brian. There is quite a bit to review today, including the NBCUniversal transaction and our 2013 financial strategy but I think most important is our strong operational performance and positive momentum in the fourth quarter and for all of 2012. As Brian mentioned, we are very pleased with our results on Slide 4, which reflect sustainable and profitable growth and the fundamental strength of our businesses. For the full year, consolidated revenue increased 12% to $62.6 billion and operating cash flow increased 9% to $20 billion, reflecting strong organic growth in both our cable communications and NBCUniversal businesses. Free cash flow for the full year, which excludes the impact of the economic stimulus, increased 13% to $7.9 billion primarily reflecting growth in operating cash flow and improvements in working capital partially offset by higher cash taxes and capital expenditures. Free cash flow per share increased 16% to $2.92 per share in 2012. For the year, our cable free cash flow generated $6.2 billion or 78% of the total while NBCUniversal contributed $1.7 billion or 22% of consolidated free cash flow. Earnings per share grew 52% to $2.28 per share for the full year from $1.50 per share in 2011. Excluding gains from the SpectrumCo and A&E transactions, an income tax benefit resulting from a state tax law change in 2012, an NBCUniversal transaction and related costs and other non-recurring items in 2011, our adjusted earnings per share increased 22% to $1.93 per share. Now, lets review the Pro Forma results of our cable communications and NBCUniversal businesses on Slide 5. As you know, we believe the Pro Forma presentation provides a more meaningful comparison of the operating performances and businesses. The Pro Forma results are only necessary for the full year and are presented as if NBCUniversal and the Universal Orlando transactions were both effective on January 1, 2010. For the fourth quarter of 2012, consolidated revenue increased 6% to $15.9 billion and consolidated operating cash flow increased 7% to $5.3 billion. Fourth quarter results reflect cable communications revenue increase of 7% to $10.1 billion driven by growth in hi-speed internet, business services, video and advertising. Cable operating cash flow also increased 7% to $4.2 billion. At NBCUniversal, fourth quarter revenue increased 5% to $6 billion and operating cash flow increased 11% to $1.2 billion driven by strong results at our broadcast business. For the full year of 2012, consolidated Pro Forma revenue increased 8.5% to $62.6 billion reflecting the inclusion of $1.2 billion of revenue generated by the Olympics and $259 million of revenue from the Super Bowl. Excluding the Super Bowl and the Olympics, full-year consolidated Pro Forma revenue increased 6%. Consolidated Pro Forma operating cash flow increased 7% to $20 billion including $120 million of operating cash flow from the Olympics. Excluding the Olympics, the full-year consolidated operating cash flow increased 6%. Cable communications revenue increased 6% to $39.6 billion for the full year and represented 63% of our consolidated revenue while cable operating cash flow grew 6% to $16.3 billion and represented 81% of consolidated operating cash flow. For the full year, NBCUniversal revenue increased 13% to $23.8 billion and operating cash flow increased 9% to $4.1 billion. Again, excluding the results of the Super Bowl and the Olympics, NBCUniversal revenue and operating cash flow increased 6% respectively. Please refer to Slide 6 and we will review cable communications results in a bit more detail. For 2012, cable communications reported another year of strong financial results in customer growth with substantial year-over-year improvements reflecting growth in our residential businesses, continued strength in our business services and increased advertising revenue driven by political. Contributing to cables growth are rate adjustments, new customer additions and an increasing number of customers taking multiple products. At the end of the fourth quarter, 75% of our video customers took at least two products and 40% took all three services compared to 37% in the fourth quarter of last year. As a result, total revenue per video customer increased 9% to $154 per month in the fourth quarter. We continued to experience real strength in our customer metrics. In the fourth quarter we added 503,000 total video, hi-speed internet and voice customers, an 8% increase in net customer additions over last years fourth quarter. For the year, we added 1.5 million total customers, a 5% increase in net customer additions compared to 2011. In the fourth quarter, even with the negative impact of Candy, we reduced video losses by 60% reporting a loss of only 7000 video customers compared to the 17,000 video customer losses in last years fourth quarter. And for the full year, we reduced video losses by more than 25% over 2011 as we continue to execute with improved products and customer support. Video revenue increased 3% for the fourth quarter and 2.5% for the full year reflecting rate adjustments and a higher number of customers taking advanced services. In addition to our improved video results, our hi-speed internet business performed well as we added 341,000 new customers in the fourth quarter and 1.2 million customers during the year. Hi-speed internet revenue was, again, the largest contributor to cable revenue growth as revenue increased 9% for both the fourth quarter and for the full year, reflecting rate adjustments, continued growth in our customer base and 29% of our customers now receiving higher tier services. With regard to voice, revenue increased 1% in the fourth quarter and 1.5% for the full year reflecting continued growth in our customer base. We added 168,000 voice customers, a 15% increase in the fourth quarter and 613,000 customers in the full year. Our voice penetration is now with 19% of homes past and our customer results improved throughout 2012 as we increased the number of triple play customers. The momentum in business services continues with revenue increased 32% in the fourth quarter and 34% for the full year for total revenue of $2.4 billion 2012. The small end of the market or businesses with less than 20 employees continues to be the primary driver of growth and accounted for 85% of business services revenue in 2012. The mid-size business is established and growing rapidly and now represents almost 15% of this groups revenue. As I mentioned, cable advertising also performed well in the fourth quarter with revenue increasing 19% and full-year revenue increasing 14%, including political revenue of $131 million in the fourth quarter and $239 million in the full year. Please move to Slide 7. In the fourth quarter, cable communications operating cash flow increased 7% to $4.2 billion and full-year operating cash flow increased 6% to $16.3 billion resulting in stable margins for the quarter and the year. During 2012, total expenses in cable increased 6%, driven primarily by three pressures, two of which we control and have positive ROIs. First, we are absorbing expenses as we offer and expand new products like XFINITY Home and Signature Support. Secondly, we have been increasing our sales and marketing spend in media, direct sales and new marketing channels to more effectively target customers and enhance our competitive positioning in both our residential and commercial segments. These increased marketing efforts have had a positive impact on our core customer metrics. Finally, programming expenses increased 7% in 2012, reflecting higher rates and an increase in the amount of content we provide to consumers across multiple platforms.As we look to 2013, we expect programming expenses to increase at low double digit rates, driven by several factors including the continued expansion of rights to multiple platforms, additional channel launches, continuing increase in sports cost, meaningful increases for retransmission consent fees, and step-ups for recently completed long term agreements.We have appropriately planned for these programming expense increases, and are confident we can effectively offset these costs through modest rate adjustments, further efficiencies, and improving product mix, as well as increasing the number of customers upgrading to higher tiers of service. As a result, we expect to maintain relatively stable margins. In addition, we remain very focused and believe we can continue to gain further efficiencies in our customer service and technical operations. In 2012, we reduced our activity levels by more than 4.5 million truck rolls and by 16 million agent calls handled in our call centers, even as we added 1.5 million total new customers. Our service is improving, and customers continue to elect self-installations, which accounted for 36% of our total installations at year end 2012, compared to 21% at year end 2011. In addition, we now have 27% of our customers managing their accounts online. All these improvements reflect the innovative efforts we are making to increase customer satisfaction by giving our customers more choice and control, which results in lower activity levels for our cable operations. Overall, our Xfinity brand is building momentum, and cables performance in 2012 clearly demonstrates that we are executing well and competing effectively with our improved products and services. Please refer to slide 8 so that we can review our pro forma results for the segments of NBC Universal.For the fourth quarter, NBC Universals revenue increased 5% and operating cash flow increased 11% as it was a strong fourth quarter that ended a solid performance in 2012. For the full year 2012, NBC Universal revenue increased 13%, and operating cash flow increased 9%. These strong results was primarily driven by the success of the Super Bowl and the Olympics during the year. Excluding any impact from these two events, NBC Universal revenue and operating cash flow each increased 6%, which was driven by strong results at broadcast television and theme parks, as well as solid results at filmed entertainment and cable networks. As we review the pro forma results of the individual segments in 2012, cable networks generated revenue of $8.8 billion, an increase of 3%, driven by a 5% increase in distribution revenue and a 2% increase in advertising revenue, as weaker ratings were more than offset by higher pricing.In the fourth quarter, distribution revenue increased 2.5%, but was negatively impacted by the NHL lockout. Cable networks operating cash flow declined 1% to $3.3 billion, primarily reflecting higher programming and production costs, due to our continued investment in increased original programming. In addition, we experienced higher sports programming costs, mostly driven by more NBA games in 2012 compared to 2011, due to the lockout. With regard to our broadcast segment, full year revenue increased 27% to $8.2 billion, reflecting the inclusion of $1.2 billion of revenue generated by the Olympics and $259 million of revenue from the Super Bowl. Excluding the impact of both the Olympics and Super Bowl, broadcast revenue increased 5%, reflecting the strong primetime ratings at the NBC broadcast network and over $100 million of political revenue at the owned local stations. This was partially offset by lower content licensing revenue from a library content agreement signed in 2011. Full year 2012 broadcast operating cash flow increased by $246 million to $369 million, and excluding the Olympics, operating cash flow more than doubled, increasing by $126 million to $249 million, reflecting higher revenue and a slight increase in programming costs.Moving to filmed entertainment, 2012 revenue increased 12% to $5.2 billion driven by higher theatrical revenue from the strong box office performance of Ted, The Lorax and Les Miserable, as well as higher home entertainment and content licensing revenue. Film operating cash flow increased $55 million to $79 million reflecting the performance of the film slate partially offset by an increase in the amortization of film costs. Switching to our theme park segment, 2012 was a terrific year. Full-year revenue increased 5% to $2.1 billion and operating cash flow increased 10% to $953 million. These solid results were driven by increased attendance and per capita spending at our parks which are continuing to benefit from the success of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter attraction in Orlando and the new Transformers attraction in Hollywood. Lets move on to Slide 9 to review our consolidated capital expenditures. We strongly believe that operational excellence, strategic differentiation and attractive capital investment drive profitable growth and shareholder value. Therefore, we have a disciplined and balanced capital allocation strategy that is returns focused as we invest in our core businesses while maintaining a strong balance sheet and providing consistent and sustainable return of capital to shareholders. Our first priority is to generate strong returns by investing in our businesses. In both cable and NBCUniversal, we are continuing to reinvest to strengthen our competitive position and to support attractive organic growth opportunities. For 2012, consolidated capital expenditures increased almost 8% to $5.7 billion compared to $5.3 billion in 2011. At cable communications, full-year capital expenditures increased 2% to $4.9 billion equal to 12.4% of cable revenue versus 12.9% in 2011. The increase in capital expenditures reflects the continued expansion of business services and investment in network infrastructure to ensure our product leadership. Our capital investment plan is focused on strategic areas of growth that yield strong risk-adjusted returns. Our investments in our network and in CPE to support strategic initiatives like all digital and (DOXIS) 3.0 and in new businesses like business services have yielded strong returns, enhanced our competitive advantage and contributed to a strong financial performance. At NBCUniversal, we have a similar approach. NBCUniversals capital expenditures for 2012 increased $329 million to $763 million driven by increased investments in parks and facilities. The higher facilities investment reflects the consolidation of operations and improvements made in our New York area and LA properties. At parks, we have increased our investment in new attractions at both Orlando and Hollywood as we opened Despicable Me in Orlando and Transformers in Hollywood with great results. We will moderately increase our 2013 investment in attractive growth areas for cable and NBCUniversal. We plan to continue to increase hi-speed internet speeds, deploying new wireless gateways to deliver the fastest in-home WiFi, invest more aggressively in the midmarket with (MetroE), expand the rollout of X1 across our footprint and accelerate the expansion of XFINITY Home. As a result of these investments, our 2013 cable capital expenditures will increase by approximately 10% with capital intensity increasing slightly or equal to 2011 levels. We are excited about these initiatives to accelerate our product offerings, drive future growth and provide attractive returns. At NBCUniversal, our 2013 capital investment plan will increase by approximately 25% primarily driven by our theme parks investment in new attractions including Transformers and other attractions in Orlando and Harry Potter and Despicable Me in Hollywood. Investments in our theme parks over the last few years can actually reset the level of their performance generating strong returns and dramatically expanding the potential of our theme park business. Please refer to Slide 10. As we balance our capital allocation priorities, our acquisition of GEs remaining 49% common equity interest in NBCUniversal also demonstrates our disciplined investment approach. Were buying stock and investing in businesses that we own and where we believe we have significant and attractive opportunities to build shareholder value.
Marlene Donner:
Operator:
Jason Bazinet - Citi Investment Research:
Michael Angelakis: Is your second question, Jason, regarding to the tax benefits were receiving as part of the transaction on an NPB basis? I just want to make sure I clarify the question.
Jason Bazinet - Citi: Correct.
Michael Angelakis: So when we announced the transaction, the first part of the transaction back in December of 09, we articulated that we thought the NPB benefit of the taxes was approximately $1.5 billion. Weve been fortunate in terms of how we structured it and other benefits where now we estimated that the NPB of those tax benefits is approximately $2.2 billion, so theyve gone up nicely over the last several years. We expect to receive those benefits over really the next 10 to 15 years, which is several hundred million dollars a year of benefits to Comcast, so were really pleased with how this has been structured. With regards to cash taxes, they do move around a little bit related to gains and other kinds of things. We dont anticipate any meaningful changes and I think youll see that our effective tax rate on our P&L will probably hover around 38%, 39% as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I had a question for Neil and Steve if each of you could just talk about the big three drivers for your divisions for the year ahead.
Neil Smit: I think the big drivers for our business are, number one, executing the growth our business, our hi-speed business and business services. Those are our drivers of our profitability and revenue and I think were very focused on those. Number two is grow continuing to the improvement on our video business. Weve seen, as you know, about nine quarters of improving results in video and Id like to continue that trend. And number three is just executing well on some of the efficiencies were finding in the business, reducing truck rolls, improving the call center performance and just overall improvement on the execution side of the business.
Steve Burke: And Jessica, on the NBCUniversal side, I would say if I had to pick three the first would be what I call the monetization gap or the entitlement gap. I think our affiliate fees are not what they should be both in terms of the cable channels and retransmission consent. And on the advertising side, our CPMs are lower than some of the other people in the business who have lower ratings than we do. Secondly, I would say that the broadcast business continues to seem like a big opportunity to us, whether its the NBC network, our local stations or (Telemundo). I think all three of those represent a big opportunity. And finally, theme parks, which is a business that we have come to really appreciate over time. Were doing quite well in the theme park business and I think that growth will continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Armstrong  Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong  Goldman Sachs: First, maybe a question on content cost growth that you talked about in double digit range. Where are we in the process of content step ups and authentication rights? I guess whats included here is presumably box and I know ESPN at the beginning of the year. Does this represent the later stages of the process and content cost? Can you start to moderate  or growth and content cost and start to moderate after this year or are we still in middle stages of this process? And then just related to that cable margin, you talked about stable cable margins in 2013 despite the content cost growth. I guess in order for that to be the case, it looks like you probably have to accelerate revenue growth in cable. Is that the right assumption?
Michael Angelakis: So on the cable margin, weve done a great job over the few years keeping a relatively stable margin. When you look at really the revenues of our cable business right now, roughly half of the revenues are the video side and the other half are other services, which from a product pick standpoint have better margins and are higher growth. So a combination of increasing product mix and adjustments that will have on the pricing on our video side, some efficiencies that were confident well be able to access, which actually help the customers and help our efficiencies, we think as we look to 13 well be able to keep pretty stable margins. On the content side, in terms of where we are  and the Fox deal was announced yesterday  Ill let Neil answer that.
Neil Smit:
Brian Roberts: I think for content, we have always thought, for many years, that its a great business on a standalone basis. Its created a lot of wealth over a long period of time and we think well find ways to do so in the future. Having both in one company makes us a really special company and I think now we need to execute and continue to find ways to have the two work together and apart and its a very special day for the company and I think employees and that place where people want to come to work will be the last  my next goal would be to make it  continue to make it absolute home for where a young person coming out of school or somebody with their career says this is a company at the cross hairs of media and technology and all parts of this company make it where I want to spend my career.
Operator: I think for content, we have always thought, for many years, that its a great business on a standalone basis. Its created a lot of wealth over a long period of time and we think well find ways to do so in the future. Having both in one company makes us a really special company and I think now we need to execute and continue to find ways to have the two work together and apart and its a very special day for the company and I think employees and that place where people want to come to work will be the last  my next goal would be to make it  continue to make it absolute home for where a young person coming out of school or somebody with their career says this is a company at the cross hairs of media and technology and all parts of this company make it where I want to spend my career.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: I think for content, we have always thought, for many years, that its a great business on a standalone basis. Its created a lot of wealth over a long period of time and we think well find ways to do so in the future. Having both in one company makes us a really special company and I think now we need to execute and continue to find ways to have the two work together and apart and its a very special day for the company and I think employees and that place where people want to come to work will be the last  my next goal would be to make it  continue to make it absolute home for where a young person coming out of school or somebody with their career says this is a company at the cross hairs of media and technology and all parts of this company make it where I want to spend my career.
Michael Angelakis: I think for content, we have always thought, for many years, that its a great business on a standalone basis. Its created a lot of wealth over a long period of time and we think well find ways to do so in the future. Having both in one company makes us a really special company and I think now we need to execute and continue to find ways to have the two work together and apart and its a very special day for the company and I think employees and that place where people want to come to work will be the last  my next goal would be to make it  continue to make it absolute home for where a young person coming out of school or somebody with their career says this is a company at the cross hairs of media and technology and all parts of this company make it where I want to spend my career.
Brian Roberts: I think for content, we have always thought, for many years, that its a great business on a standalone basis. Its created a lot of wealth over a long period of time and we think well find ways to do so in the future. Having both in one company makes us a really special company and I think now we need to execute and continue to find ways to have the two work together and apart and its a very special day for the company and I think employees and that place where people want to come to work will be the last  my next goal would be to make it  continue to make it absolute home for where a young person coming out of school or somebody with their career says this is a company at the cross hairs of media and technology and all parts of this company make it where I want to spend my career.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik  UBS.
John Hodulik  UBS: First, a clarification and then a quick follow-up. On the clarification, the CapEx guide on the cable side says 10% growth in CapEx equates to about 12.9% of sales. Is it right to think that that suggests youre going to see cable revenue growth of close to or around 6% 13 or am I looking at that the right way? And then in terms of CapEx, youve got a meaningful step up here 13 versus 12. Is this the right level, maybe for Michael, that youre investing in? Should we think of that from a dollar standpoint as a good level going forward or is 2013 sort of an outsized year?
Michael Angelakis: I think on your first question were not providing guidance. Your math is directionally correct, so lets just leave it at that. With regards to the 2013, we are actually excited about investing in the areas that we are articulated, both on the Comcast cable side and on the NBCUniversal side. So we do look at intensity in terms of 12.4% of cable CapEx in 2012 and we articulated around 12.9% in 2013. And really the difference is we are investing in high growth, high opportunity areas in both parts of the business. So weve got X1, Comcast Business Services, hi-speed Engine Net, Wireless Gateways, a whole variety of areas, XFINITY Home that we think are transforming the product set that we have on the cable side. Neils team has done an amazing job of how we deploy that, so those are all primarily variable type costs of how we successfully deploy really new products that weve invested in. Now on the NBCUniversal side, as Steve mentioned, theme parks has been terrific, really have reset the bar and the majority of those dollars are going into new attractions at the theme parks which really are, again, high growth, high opportunity dollars. So were really  were not looking at multiple-year plans but for 2013 we wanted to step on the peddle in areas where we think theres some high growth, high opportunity areas for the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo: I have two questions. One, related to NBC and the transaction, can you help us with the accretion math? Were hearing anywhere from $0.05 accretion to $0.30. So any guidance on how to think about that would be helpful. And then with regard to the programming cost guidance, can you just confirm that this is a P&L basis and not a (per sub) basis and does the incremental expense at all incorporate an assumption of positive video adds for any period of time in 2013?
Michael Angelakis: Lets be really clear about the accretion. So on free cash flow theres really no accretion because weve been consolidating 100% of NBCUniversals free cash flow since weve controlled 51%. So on free cash flow, what the impacts will be, as we just talked about, well have a little bit higher CapEx, going to have a little bit higher interest expense related to the dollars that were borrowing to complete the transaction but were also going to have operating cash flow growth and we feel that well be able to keep relatively stable free cash flow for 2013, which the transaction itself isnt creating any kind of accretion. On the P&L side, we are going to see EPS accretion. So were going to pay a bit more in taxes because now well pay 100% of the taxes related to NBCUniversal. Were also going to eliminate the non-controlling interest which is in our P&L. And net-net thats about a positive $550 million, which is about $0.19 to $0.20 of EPS accretion. So thats a number that we think is immediately accretive on our P&L related to the transaction.
Operator:
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley:
Neil Smit:
Operator:
Michael [Sena] - Credit Suisse:
Michael Angelakis:
Brian Roberts:
Marlene Dooner:
Operator:
Brian Kraft - Evercore Partners:
Michael Angelakis: No, the $1.4 billion really has nothing to do with the 39.4 enterprise value. That value is just separate for the business. A separate part of General Electric actually owned the real estate and we thought it was important to bring that into the transaction given what we considered to be both strategic facilities that we were fortunate enough to have both under one roof, one GE roof to be able to negotiate that. So your first question, there will be some savings on EBITDA related to rent expense that we would have at both facilities that when the transaction closed that we wont have that. So its not that meaningful given the size of roughly $20 billion of operating cash flow but it certainly is going to help. And we made the decision that it was strategic to buy these facilities as well as from an economic perspective it was a smart deal. And you can look at a whole variety of real estate metrics to make that decision.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you all for joining us this morning.
Operator: There will be a replay available of todays call started at 12:30 pm Eastern standard time. It will run through Wednesday, February 20th at midnight Eastern time. The dial-in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 85751942. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the companys website beginning at 12:30 pm today. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Dooner - SVP, Investor Relations Brian Roberts - Chairman & CEO Steve Burke - EVP, Comcast Corporation & CEO, NBCUniversal Michael Angelakis - Vice Chairman & CFO Neil Smit - EVP, Comcast Corporation, President & CEO, Comcast Cable Communications
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein Jason Bazinet - Citi Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley James Ratcliffe - Barclays Stefan Anninger - Credit Suisse John Hodulik - UBS 
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note, that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over the Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, operator and welcome everyone to our third quarter earnings call. Joining me on the call are, Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Steve Burke and Neil Smit. As weve done in the past, Brian and Michael will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me refer you to slide number two, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.
 :
Brian Roberts: Thanks Marlene and good morning everyone. I am really delighted to discuss today's results, because so far this year, on nearly every front we have made great progress. Our company as a whole has come together really well and we have strong financial performance and real operating momentum that we believe is sustainable. Lets start with Cable where quarter-after-quarter the team is delivering under Neil Smits leadership outstanding results. In the third quarter, revenue growth was 7%, operating cash flow grew by 7.7% and Cable generated free cash flow of $1.1 billion. Every part of the Cable business showed strength with revenue increases in all of our residential products, in business services and in advertising. We also extended the trend of improving customer performance and believe we are making headway because of our scale and our focus on transforming the customer experience. Also, our previous investments are now driving product leadership and accelerating on our innovation. Michael will cover the Cable numbers in greater detail, but let me give you some highlights. In the third quarter, we reduced our video subscriber losses by 48,000, eight quarter in a row of improvement and we had the highest third quarter revenue growth in four years. Voice had another good quarter with a 123,000 net additions and high speed data net adds of 287,000 grew by almost 10% over last year. We continue to gain share by offering a superior product, one of the fastest in the market. With best-in-class products for mid-sized customers and solid momentum serving small business, we generated 34% growth in business service revenues and when you put it all together our core Cable revenue, excluding advertising grew by 6% the highest level of growth since the first quarter of 2009. I often like to speak about new products and new initiatives which we are continuing to work on and expand. But today, I really think that this is the best execution weve ever had and Neil and Dave Watson and Dave Scott and their teams are really hitting their stride delivering consistent and first rate operating performance. Switching to NBCUniversal, revenue increased 31% and cash flow grew by 20% in the third quarter driven by the success of the Olympics. But even when you exclude the Olympics, NBCUniversals results were strong with revenue growth of more than 8%, operating cash flow growth of more than 7% and nearly $400 million of free cash flow. So whether its the Cable channels, Theme Parks, Film or Broadcast, Steve Burke and his team are making steady progress throughout all of NBCUniversal and as we are investing to make all of these businesses even more profitable overtime. Our Cable Networks and thats 15 channels and 12 regional SportsNet are great businesses that we know well with real strength in entertainment, sports and news. Let me give you some selected highlights from the third quarter. USA was once again the number one entertainment cable network in total viewers. Golf Channel had its most watched third quarter in 17 years of its history. And MSNBC with all the election coverage has had a really good quarter with ratings up 17% from last year. Film had solid results led by the very successful Ted and Universal Theme Parks continued their consistent and strong performance particularly due to the new Transformers ride in Hollywood. In Broadcast, following the Olympics Bob Greenblatt and his new team are off to a very strong start in this primetime season. Across all programs, NBC is up 17% after four weeks and up 31% in Entertainment. This is NBCs seventh consecutive weekly win in adults 18 to 49 as well as the first time NBC has led each of the first four weeks of the new television season since 2002. So its certainly early, but I believe and hope we are seeing the beginning of a turnaround at NBC. Now back to the Olympics for a moment. I just want to say how proud I am of our coverage and the performance. Beyond even the results, the way the whole company worked together on a strategy that for the first time accomplished Broadcast Cable and Digital and also XFINITY and TV Everywhere and all those aspects were successful. Clearly, NBC Broadcast was a real winner with record viewership that also helped to launch the full primetime schedule now so successful and boosted NBCs affiliated TV stations. This was the first Olympics where social media played a major role and our digital platforms saw unprecedented traffic, consumption and engagement. We had a 25% increase in viewing by kids and teens, really the next generation of our viewers, so a very exciting development given our long-term commitment to the Olympics. And NBCs sports network set new viewership records helping to really establish this recently rebranded network. Comcast Cable had a major success with the Olympics as well. The TV Everywhere experience provided our cable customers access to Olympics content on linear TV to our On Demand and online platforms through XFINITY TV and XFINITY Sports Remote Apps in and out of the home. XFINITY Cable customers showed how much they love this multiplatform experience generating 50 million multiplatform views On Demand, online and with live streaming. XFINITY drove 31% of all Olympic authentications and we were a top driver of traffic to NBCOlympics.com ahead of Yahoo!, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, Bing, really establishing ourselves as a significant generator of traffic for major events in the future. As we look at the long-term commitment we made to the Olympics, we now have more confidence than ever the Olympics can be profitable for our company. We believe that our success in London proves how effective the new Comcast can be when we take advantage of our scale and innovation and bring together our unique assets and capabilities. All-in-all, we have real momentum and we are working hard and staying focused on operating our businesses really well. Let me now pass it over to Michael to review the results of the third quarter in detail.
Michael Angelakis: Thank you, Brian and good morning everyone. Let me begin by briefly reviewing our consolidated financial results on slide four. Overall, we are pleased with our third quarter results which reflect strong execution as well as sustainable and profitable growth in our business. For the third quarter, consolidated revenue increased 15.4% to $16.5 billion and operating cash flow increased 9.5% to $5 billion, reflecting healthy organic growth in our Cable business and solid performance at NBCUniversal. Free cash flow for the quarter, which excludes any impact of the economic stimulus, increased 8.8% to $1.5 billion reflecting growth in consolidated operating cash flow, partially offset by higher taxes and capital expenditures. Free cash flow per share increased 12% to $0.56 per share for the quarter, and increased 22% to $2.24 per share for the first nine months of this year. Earnings per share for the third quarter increased over 136% to $0.78 per share versus $0.33 per share in the third quarter of last year. Excluding gains related to the SpectrumCo transaction in the sale of NBCUniversal Entertainment Networks, our normalized earnings per share increased 39.4% to $0.46 in the third quarter. Year-to-date earnings per share increased 67% to $1.72 per share versus $1.03 per share in the prior year. Again, excluding the gains on the asset sales I just mentioned in the NBCUniversal transaction and related cost and other non-recurring items in the first nine months of last year, our normalized year-to-date earnings per share increased 27.3% to $1.40. Now lets review the proforma results of our Cable Communications and NBCUniversal businesses on slide five. As you know we believe the proforma presentation provides a more meaningful comparison of the operating performance of the businesses. The proforma results are necessary for year-to-date only and are presented as of NBCUniversal and the Universal Orlando transactions were both effective on January 1 of 2010. For the third quarter of 2012 consolidated revenue increased 15.4% to $16.5 billion and consolidated operating cash flow increase 9.5% to $5 billion. During the third quarter, the Olympics generated $1.2 billion of revenue and a $120 million of operating cash flow which reflects the positive impact of a $237 million unfavorable contract recorded in acquisition accounting in 2011. Overall, the London Olympics were breakeven when you take into account other Olympic related revenues that are booked over multiple quarters. Excluding any impact from Olympics consolidated revenue for the quarter increased 7.1% and consolidated operating cash flow increased 6.9%. Year-to-date consolidated proforma revenue increased 9.4% to $46.6 billion and consolidated proforma operating cash flow increased 6.4% to $14.7 billion. If we exclude $259 million of revenue related to the Super Bowl in the first quarter and the impact of the Olympics in the third quarter consolidated proforma revenue increased 6% and consolidated proforma operating cash flow increased 5.6%. In the third quarter, Cable Communications revenue increased 6.9% to $10 billion and represented 60% of our consolidated revenue, while Cable operating cash flow grew 7.7% to $4 billion and represented 80% of our consolidated operating cash flow. Year-to-date, Cable Communications revenue increased 6.2% to $29.5 billion and operating cash flow also increased 6.2% to $12.1 billion. For the third quarter, NBCUniversal revenue increased 31.2% to $6.8 billion and operating cash flow increased 19.9% to $1.1 billion. These results were driven by the strong revenue performance of the London Olympics, but when excluding the Olympics, NBCUniversal revenue increased 8.3% and operating cash flow increased 7.3% during the quarter. Year-to-date, NBCUniversal revenue increased 15.7% to $17.8 billion and operating cash flow increased 8% to $2.9 billion. Again, if we exclude the revenue related to the Super Bowl and the Olympics, NBCUniversal revenue increased 6.3% and operating cash flow increased 3.6%. All these adjustments related to the Olympics and to the Super Bowl are highlighted on the slide and in our press release. Please move to slide six to review our Cable Communications results in more detail. We had another strong quarter of financial and customer growth in our Cable Communications business. For the third quarter, Cable revenue increased 6.9% to $10 billion reflecting solid growth in our residential businesses, continued strength in business services and strong growth in advertising. Contributing to this growth are rate adjustments, new customer additions and the increasing number of customers taking multiple products. At the end of the quarter, almost three quarters of our video customers took at least two products and almost 40% took all three services compared to 36% in the third quarter of last year. As a result, total revenue per video customer increased 8.7% to $151 per month. As we have in the last few quarters, we continue to experience positive momentum in our customer metrics.  In the third quarter, combined video, high speed internet and voice customers increased by 294,000, a 28% increase in net additions versus a year ago. As Brian mentioned, we once again reduced our video customer losses. In the third quarter, we lost 117,000 video customers, a 29% improvement from the third quarter of last year, as we continue to execute with improved products and customer support. Our third quarter video revenue increased nearly 3% reflecting rate increases and an increasing number of customers taking higher level of digital and advanced services.  In the third quarter we added a 101,000 advanced service customers and deployed 449,000 advanced boxes. We now have 11.3 million HD and/or DVR customers equal to 54% of our 21 million digital customers. In addition to the improved video results, we added 287,000 new high speed internet customers during the quarter. This marks the 12th consecutive quarter of both high speed internet unit and ARPU growth, as we continue to differentiate our products through service and speed enhancements. High speed internet revenue was the largest contributor to our cable revenue growth in the third quarter with revenue increasing 9% reflecting rate adjustments, continued growth in our customer base and an increasing number of our customers receiving higher speeds.  At the end of the quarter our overall high speed internet penetration was 36% of homes past with 28% of our customers receiving a high speed tier above our primary service. With regard to our voice service, revenue increased 1.5% for the quarter, reflecting continued growth in our customer base as we added 123,000 new voice customers. Our performance over the last few quarters has improved as we've increased the number of triple play customers.  At the end of the quarter our voice penetration was approximately 19% of homes passed. We continue to experience strength in our Business Services group as well which was the second largest contributor to our cable revenue growth in the third quarter, with revenue increasing 34% to $621 million. The small end of this market or businesses with less than 20 employees now accounts for 85% of business services revenue and continues to be meaningful driver of growth. We are also making good progress with the mid-sized businesses as well, as this revenue base now represents 15% of the groups revenue and is growing rapidly off a smaller base.  Our Cable Advertising business delivered strong results as third quarter revenue increased 23.5%. This improvement was led by strength in automotive, higher political revenue as well as an extra week of advertising included in this quarter. Excluding the impact of political and the additional week, our core cable advertising revenue increased 6%. We expect advertising growth to remain strong in the fourth quarter, again driven by strong political revenue given the upcoming election. Our cable businesses have performed well through the year and have delivered consistent results. Excluding advertising, cable revenues increased 6% for the quarter. Please refer to slide 7. In the third quarter, Cable Communications operating cash flow increased 7.7% to 4 billion, representing a margin of 40.1%, a 30 basis point improvement compared to third quarter of 2011. In the third quarter, our total expenses increased 6.4%, primarily reflecting increased video programming cost, sales and marketing expenses as well as additional cost related to expansion of business services and other new initiatives. Program expenses increased 6.9% in the third quarter, as we continue to expand the amount of content we provide to consumers across multiple platforms. For the first nine months of 2012, our program expenses increased 6.8% and for the full-year, we continue to expect pressure in this area with program expense increases in the high single-digit rates. In addition, sales and marketing expenses increased 12.3%, reflecting higher overall media spend and a continued investment in direct sales to more effectively target customers and enhance our competitive positioning in both our residential and commercial segments. These increase marketing efforts have had a positive impact on our core customer metrics as well as promoting our new products like XFINITY Home, XFINITY Signature Support and Streampix. We continue to offset our increased expenses to further operating efficiencies and improving product mix, as we increased the number of customers upgrading to higher tiers of services, such as advanced video services or premium internet tiers. In addition, we remain very focused and believe we can continue to gain efficiencies at our customer service and technical operations. During the third quarter, we reduced our activity levels by more than 1 million truck rolls and by 5 million agent calls handled in our call centers, even as we added 294,000 total new customers. Customers continue to elect self installations which in the third quarter was 34% of our installations. In addition, we now have over 25% of our customers managing their accounts online. These operating and technology improvements result in a better experience for our customers, lower activity levels and improved productivity metrics for our cable operations.  Overall our cable groups third quarter and year-to-date results clearly demonstrate we are executing well and competing effectively with our improved products and services. Please refer to slide 8, so we can review our cable capital expenditures. In the third quarter, cable capital expenditures increased 110 million or 8.8% to 1.4 billion equal to 13.7% of cable revenue versus 13.4% in the third quarter of 2011. This primarily reflects our continued investment in our network and expansion of new services that generate attractive risk adjusted returns by business services, advanced video services and XFINITY Home. We continue to invest capital in our network to ensure product leadership. In video, we are delivering more content to more devices some of which are IP enabled. Our customers average over 400 million Video-on-Demand views each month and our XFINITY TV apps has been downloaded over 7 million times. In addition, we are investing in our high speed internet product, as we continue to increase speeds and introduce faster tiers of service to our customers. Including these type of investments our year-to-date cable capital expenditures increased $56 million or 1.6% to $3.5 billion equal to 12% of revenue versus 12.6% for the first nine months of 2011. And as I have mentioned before, we expect that for the full year of 2012 cable capital expenditures will be relatively flat in dollars when compared to last year and should be lower as a percentage of cable revenue. Please refer to slide 9, so we can review the results of NBCUniversal. For the third quarter of 2012, NBCUniversal revenue increased 31% and operating cash flow increased to 20%. These strong results were driven by the success of the London Olympics. Excluding any impact from the Olympics, NBCUniversal revenue increased 8.3% and operating cash flow increased 7.3%. Now lets review the individual business segments of NBCUniversal. For the third quarter, cable networks generated revenue of $2.2 billion, an increased of 3%, driven by a 6% increased in distribution revenue. Advertising revenue grew by 1% reflecting soft cable network ratings offset by increases in price. Cable networks operating cash flow increased 8% to $809 million reflecting higher revenue as well as flat programming and marketing cost which are primarily due to timing. Year-to-date cable networks revenue increased to 4% and operating cash flow is relatively flat, as we continue to invest in our channels and increased original programming and hours of regional content. Moving onto our broadcast segment, third quarter broadcast television revenue increased 84% to $2.8 billion and included $1.2 billion of revenue generated by the Olympics. Excluding the impact of the Olympics, broadcast revenue increased over 5% reflecting a strong start of the fall primetime schedule and an improvement at our own stations.  Operating cash flow was $88 million and compares to a loss of $7 million in the third quarter of last year. However, again excluding the Olympics, operating cash flow declined by $25 million reflecting higher programming and marketing costs related to the early start of our fall broadcast season and news coverage related to the elections.  Moving on to film entertainment, third quarter revenue increased 24% to $1.4 billion reflecting higher theatrical revenue and strong box office performance of Ted and the Bourne Legacy as well as increased Home Entertainment revenue due to the higher number of titles released on DVD. Third quarter film operating cash flow increased 31% to $72 million.  Switching to our theme park segment, we had another solid quarter as theme parks generated revenue of $614 million, a nearly 6% increase driven by consistent performance at the Orlando Park and strong growth at the Hollywood Park fueled by the success of the new transformers attraction.  Third quarter operating cash flow for the park segment increased just over 11% to $316 million. Please refer to slide 10, so we can view our 2012 financial strategy. As I mentioned earlier, we generated consolidated free cash flow of $1.5 billion in the third quarter, an increase of 9% compared to last year and free cash flow per share increased 12% to $0.56 per share.  For the first nine months of the year, we generated $6.1 billion of free cash flow, an increase of 19% over the first nine months of 2011 and year-to-date free cash flow per share increased 22% to $2.24 per share. For year-to-date 2012, Comcast Cable accounted for $4.6 billion or 76% of total free cash flow and NBCUniversal contributed $1.5 billion or 24% of consolidated free cash flow.  We continue to execute on our financial plan for 2012. Year-to-date, we have returned $3.4 billion of capital to shareholders, a 35% increase which includes share repurchases totaling $2.3 billion and dividend payments totaling $1.2 billion. Also during the quarter, we completed the sale of two non-operating investments as we continue to simplify our balance sheet.  Weve recently received $2.3 billion in pre-tax proceeds from our share SpectrumCo sales of wireless spectrum licenses and $3 billion in pre-tax proceeds on the sale of NBCUniversals interest and A&E Television Networks. As you know, we managed Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal as two separate pools of cash flow generation and funding capacity. Accordingly, NBCUniversals proceeds from A&E will remain at NBCUniversal to build capacity to fund future equity redemptions by GE, while SpectrumCo proceeds will be part of our 2013 evaluation of capital allocation and return of capital.  Our return of capital planned for 2013 will be reviewed by management and our board in the next few months, and we will provide an update for 2013 year end earnings call in February. Overall, we are very pleased with the operational and financial progress we have made during the first nine months of this year. We believe the investments we have made along with a strong focus on execution will continue to generate organic growth and yield positive results.  Now, let m turn the call over to Marlene for Q&A.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks Michael. Operator, lets open up the call for Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you. Well now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Jessica Reif Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I have two questions. The first one is, you guys are in very unique position to answer this question but where do you think viewers are going besides NBC? I mean you really should have the data given the set-top boxes are they going to Cable on-Demand TV, everywhere iPads and what are you doing about the measurements system?
Brian Roberts: Okay, Jessica. We spend a lot of time talking about that. I think the fact is that people are watching more video today than they ever have. The challenge for a company that's in the television business is that much of that viewing is in places that is neither measured nor monetized. Obviously, SVOD has an impact, internet streaming has an impact. All the variety of things that have happened due to technology have given people so many more options for viewing that they are viewing more but they are viewing far too often in my opinion in places that are neither measured nor currently monetized. So, one of our challenges overtime is to make sure that, that changes so that the ecosystem continues to remain healthy.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, I guess the second question is more general for both sides. Given the really fabulous performance on both side of the house, could you just align, I mean youve executed so well what is the next few priorities for each side? 
Neil Smit:  Jessica, I think on our side its heads down execution where we continue to rollout X1; we have got it in four markets now. We will be rolling out two other markets and major markets in the next couple of weeks. I think on the marketing side its continuing to refine our targeting of high value subscribers, and I think on the operation side its really to execute well on our service delivery. We are taking truck rolls out; we are taking noise out of the system. I think the division presidents are doing a great job of that. And finally, its continue to accelerate our new businesses, business service has been growing at 34%. We are getting into the mid-market now. XFINITY Home, the home security and automation product is that rolled out across all our markets now and we are going to continue accelerate on the new business side.
Steve Burke:  And in terms of NBCUniversal obviously we are doing better but we still have a lot of businesses that are underperforming by my standards by the standards that we all have for them. Broadcast I think is our biggest opportunity and the fact that NBC has been number one for the first four weeks of the season in demo, is a very positive start for the season for us and we want to continue that. But I think broadcast profitability could be dramatically higher than it is currently and hopefully we are going in the right direction on that. And then I think monetization across the company in terms of affiliate fees, advertising, CPMs we have a lot of upside and we have only been together with NBCUniversal now for 18 months, 20 months and we feel like we are on the right path but there is a long, long way to go. 
Marlene Dooner:  Thanks, Jessica. Operator let's go the next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Armstrong with Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs: Thanks and good morning. maybe I will ask the of regulatory video subscriber question, if you continue this pace of year-over-year improvement in video subs, it would suggest to get actually had video subscribers in the fourth quarter, is there any reason for us to not expect that would you express any sort of caution around that statement? And then second question we saw, I think (inaudible) cable recently tweets some modem fees that was sort of the most recent pricing lever weve seen in the industry, what are the key levers they give you in todays pricing across the different cable product categories, thanks?
Neil Smit: Jason, on the video side, I think we are executing well on both the product side, the marketing side and the service side. Weve rolled out new video services X1 is going out, its rolling over the today's market, as I mentioned. I think we have got a really nice balance between rate and volume. Our video rate was up 5% and our volume was we reduced losses by about 29%. So I think we stuck a nice balance there. I think on the [HSD] side, we took equipment charges, we had equipment charges last year, and we have been driving ARPU up for and to at least the eight sequential quarters its been, I think we struck a nice balance there what drives the rate increases right now is primarily speed, but we are driving additional services like a home security, and what not whether we get the video increases in the fourth quarter, I think we just have our head down, we are focusing on execution and block and tackle things.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs: Yeah, I just had a quick follow-up to that; last year in the first quarter there was a chance that we may go positive, we didn't because there were large price hikes implemented across a wider portion of base and I think people are expected, is there anything in fourth quarter whether its price hikes or other sort of activity that would tell your fourth quarter may have more video headwinds than we otherwise would expect?
Michael Angelakis: Hey Jason, its Michael. There is really not any abnormal expectations in the fourth quarter, but I think as Neil said, the team is really just trying to make progress everyday and execute and I think weve done that over the last eight quarters in a row. So well see how the fourth quarter comes up, we are optimistic, but we've got a lot of days left in the fourth quarter.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks Jason, operator lets go to the next question please.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, one for Michael and one for Neil. The question for Neil, I think along with Apple this was about the only conference call in TMT so far that's not mentioned macro issues and many businesses showed weakening during the quarter. How much of the 3Q sub improvements in video and data were driven by gross add improvements versus churn improvements. Is there any favorable or unfavorable market momentum, macro or competitive worth noting? And for Michael, I think Comcast is an unusual stretch where you are incented to raise your gross debt leverage maybe into the very high end of your target range given the very low cost of debt and the new issue market, but you are already in the $9 billion cash position. So I know you are asked this every quarter, but how do you think about the level of gross debt and gross debt leverage the company carries relative to the attractiveness of the debt markets right now? Thanks.
Neil Smit:  Hi Doug, its Neil. On the video side, I wouldn't say there are any unusual circumstances that would affect the video momentum going forward into the fourth quarter. The competitive market seems, there is no major change there and I think we are executing well on and we did recognized balance between rate and volume.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: And there is nothing in terms of housing or in terms of the overall macro environment that you would call out.
Neil Smit:  No I think the housing is neither a headwind nor a tailwind, we haven't seen any material changes; we've seen slight housing improvements in some of our markets but overall nothing unusual there.
Michael Angelakis:  I'll take the second question Doug, regarding sort of cash balance and debt. Actually after the third quarter we actually did another bond issuance for NBCUniversal of approximately $2 billion and that cash has gone and is sitting on the NBCUniversals balance sheet. So as we sit here today our debt is about $41 billion give or take and our cash balance is approximately $11 billion. So we have taken advantage both on the Comcast side as well as on the NBC side of what we consider to be historically low interest rates and have issued two sets of bonds, $2.25 billion on the Comcast side and $2 billion on the NBCUniversal side. So we feel pretty good in terms of where we are and our growth target has really not changed between 2 and 2.5 times and we obviously look at total debt as well and that's where the balance is.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank : And I guess I was getting to Michael is this sort of a historic opportunity to take leverage up to an unusual level given the attractiveness of the new issue marketing, and given you are such a big company and such a big issue where its obviously a very interesting question for you.
Michael Angelakis: I mean you do have to pay debt back. So I think from our standpoint the way we look at is we have roughly $11 billion of debt in cash, $6 billion of that, actually a little bit more than 6 is at NBCUniversal and really that cash is going to be utilized eventually for equity redemption, and on the Comcast side we do have a little bit more than $4 billion or so of which some of that is a Spectrum Co. proceeds and some of them is a recent bond issue. We have some maturities coming up in the end of this year and in the fourth quarter, but I think we feel pretty good that we've been opportunistic in terms of how we've accessed the capital markets and will continue to do so when we think rates are exceedingly attractive.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Craig Moffett with Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Two quick question if I could. Michael, first, lets just continue on with that same thought. Given the cash balance at NBC, can you talk about how you're thinking has evolved with respect to the timing of the equity redemption? And then, Neil and and/or Steve if you could just comment on the political ad environment for the fourth quarter, and how we can expect to see that roll through the cable business in particular but also at NBC?
Michael Angelakis: Okay. Why dont I take the first one in terms of the cash balance? We feel very good that we built up the liquidity and flexibility at NBCUniversal with regard to it's cash balance and 2014 will be here before we know it and well evaluate it at that point in time. As Steve said, we're approximately 20 months in to managing and owning NBCUniversal and we have about this little bit more than that before we have to make a decision with regard to July of 2014. So we've clearly have some runway to evaluate it. We really like the structure we have. We were good partner, and partnership with GE is working out well. We have a lot of faith in the team and how NBCUniversal is performing. So we feel good that we're building up the financial flexibility and that we have the runway to make a decision in 2014.
Neil Smit: Craig, on the political side we had a strong quarter in Q3 and I think thats continues in to Q4, but the core business was also very healthy without political and the extra broadcast, we're still up 6%. Auto seems strong, and so I think the team is executing very well there and political remains strong going in to Q4.
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Would you expect that (inaudible).
Neil Smit: Universal as you know that most of the political spending is local. There was a little bit of national and then the local was very specific. Unfortunately we dont know a television station in Ohio. Most of our own station markets did not have a lot of political because they were not battleground stakes. 
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Would you expect that the fourth quarter benefit would be larger than the third quarter benefit though and if so how much? 
Neil Smit: Yes I would expect it to be higher than the third quarter, but I wouldnt venture to say how much. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. 
Jason Bazinet - Citi: Just have a question for Mr. Burke. Given the trajectory whats going on with cable network ratings on the linear side, do you mind just elaborating on  your posture as we move into 2013 as it relates to generating smart revenues from your content. Is that something you think you will increase, stay flat or you will continue to pursue it in figure ways to sort of monetize your content? 
Steve Burke: Well as viewership trend have changed you have got to adjust the way you monetize your eyeballs, and I think one of the new major areas for any cable channel or broadcast channel can monetize their content is SVOD. In a way its a new form of the traditional syndication model where at a certain point after the shows have aired in their primary run on a broadcast for cable channel they have been sold into another market and SVOD has emerged as a major revenue source, and our belief is that revenue source will continue. It might change, different companies might do different things and new entrants might come into the market or leave the market, but its clearly there and something that you need to pay attention to and monetize. The same things happening with the internet and electronic sell through, I think both the television and the movie business there are more different ways to monetize your content today then ever, but in some way it is more complicated than ever, because viewers are watching more different screens.
Jason Bazinet - Citi: And you feel like, you aggregate trade off today is still positive for you in terms of the net gains on the SVOD side and the erosion on the linear side?
Steve Burke: I think so, and we will see. There is a chance that it will be lumpy. There will be new technologies that merged and there will be times when those technologies allow us to monetize in a way thats greater and we have historically and then maybe other times that are less. But I think in general these new technologies will be great realizing the real base of our cable business is officially the fees we get from the MVPD community and the advertising.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo: Thanks, two questions the first, Comcast has signed a bunch of programming agreements and taking the Disney and scraps so I think there is one some discussions of News Corp either now or coming soon. It might be early but it could be very helpful if you can talk about your expectations for next year either in terms of total programming expense on the P&L programming expense growth per [side]. Second question is any more color on X1 how this is trending the number of boxes, the response from Boston and that will be very helpful?
Michael Angelakis: Why dont I take the programming question. I think the team has done a great job this year with our programming increases. They are certainly a bit lower then we had forecasted. However that being said we do expect a bit in the fourth quarter that number to increase a bit. As we think about 13, I think you are going to see some continue pressure, we do have lumpy contracts that come up and so forth. I don't want to get into too much detail, but I can just tell you I think the team has really done a great job. We have a lot more rights over many different platforms, and I think that probably in the fourth quarter and to a bit into 2013, we will see some additional pressure on programming and I think we will be able to manage through that.
Neil Smit: On the X1 product we've rolled it out in four markets today, and we are going out to two more major markets the next couple of weeks. As I mentioned earlier, weve got very positive feedback so far where we've rolled it out. And I think the important thing to remember with the X1 is its more than just a guide, its the IP delivered video platform that enables us to adjust the product and upgrade different services in a very short time frame, and so it takes time to prep the markets and roll them out and train the service technicians but we are very encouraged by the initial rollout of the product.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Steve any more color on the flat ad sales of Cablenet this quarter? You mentioned ratings, but I didnt know of the Olympics, so how you guys are allocating Olympic revenue might have hit that, is there's any comment on how Q4 looks. And then maybe a question for Brian, I think I asked this a couple of years ago and it didn't sound like you guys were that excited about this opportunity, but if you look at what Amazon was talking about last night and how much success they are having with Prime Video and what you can do on the technology front going out of market. I am just wondering if Comcast NBC combined thinks there's an opportunity to develop customer relationships outside of your historical cable footprint. It just seems like with your scale it doesn't have to be necessarily a full blown video business, but something that could actually expand your addressable market beyond your $50 million homes.
Steve Burke: In terms of cable advertising as an accounting matter, some of the Olympics advertising that was on our cable channels was actually reflected with the Olympics in the broadcast segment and that depressed our advertising a little bit and then the quarter was not our strongest quarter in terms of cable ad sales.
Neil Smit:  On the other question you asked, I think we are very focused right now, we've just got so many business opportunities that are businesses we know and we think can perform better. Steve has talked about a few, Neils got a really good momentum and plan and we don't see the profitability or the logic to not want to extend the relationships in the markets we serve. Out of the markets we don't serve its not clear what the business opportunity for us is certainly from a content company just to Steves answer there are new businesses that emerge and we always want to take advantage of that by selling and partnering with those companies. So we are pretty focused. I think we like the trajectory we are on and the results I think speak for themselves.
Marlene Dooner:  Operator, lets have the next question please. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of James Ratcliffe with Barclays. 
James Ratcliffe - Barclays: Two if I could. First of all, can you walk us through what the impact if the Hockey Lockout goes on where we would see that in the numbers either both in the NBC and on the cable side and how like not so essentially it was loaned via NHL on the contract would be treated, and secondly on the business services side, has there been any change in your strategy toward CapEx and your willingness to build out to locations with less certainty about the revenues given that you have a larger base and hence more knowledge about it? Thanks.
Michael Angelakis:  I take the hockey one. We have a lot of businesses that are related to hockey whether its NBC Sports Network or whether it's the regional sports network or obviously Comcast SpectrumCo and in that net its immaterial to the whole company in terms of lockout but I can tell you we're in a pretty disappointing with regard to lockout. I don't think we should say a heck of a lot more James. I think that we're just hopeful that the ownership and their players can get together and get on with the season. So for me, corporate standpoint, the impact is immaterial. I think we're just hopeful that both sides will come to resolution and go back and play the game.
Neil Smit: Yeah, James on the businesses services side, our slots in terms of build out of our network to address the opportunities hasnt really changed that much. We're seeing strong growth on this small business side which is about 85% of our revenue and on the mid-sized market it's about 15% and growing of a smaller base. We extend our network where we see the opportunities and it's a great ROI so far and we will continue to invest in that business.
Michael Angelakis:  And I think James, if you look at our trending schedules on business services, you can see that capital expenditures dedicated to business services has been increasing, thats both to see sort of the middle-sized business where we are doing extension. If we just look at how it was two years ago, it's up roughly 50% over 24 months and I think that reflects pretty good investment. The team does a great job on being disciplined with those investments.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks James. Lets go to the next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Stefan Anninger with Credit Suisse.
Stefan Anninger - Credit Suisse: One of the elements of the NBCU opportunity that excites investors is the retrans opportunity. It's something you discussed a bit in the past but I was wondering if you be willing to update us on your thinking there now. Where you stand with respect to discussions with the cable operators and DBS and telcos that offer video and on that note, is reversed compensation something that you would consider asking for in the future? Thanks. 
Steve Burke: Well, I think in fairly rapid fashion over the last two years or three years, the industry has settled in on its not really a rate card but I think there is a general agreement as to what the right kind of structure for retransmission consent is and thats across the four networks and with a major distributors. And we will participate according to those kinds of sort of established structures. What we have to do is wait for our existing affiliation agreements to expire and negotiate new ones. We have about 25% of our sub base up in this calendar year, calendar 2012; and we have had a number of discussions ongoing and some of those have been concluded at this point at least in handshake fashion and we are getting what we think is a fair price for retransmission consent. We have also done a lot of deals with our broadcast affiliates in which we share in the retransmission consent fees that they negotiate and we believe that those agreements are similar to the kind of agreements that ABC, CBS and Fox are negotiating as well. So, obviously retransmission consent is a major positive for all broadcast businesses including NBC and I think we are right on schedule, right on where we thought we would be in terms of getting those deals done. 
Marlene Dooner:  Thank you, Stefan. Operator, we are going to now take the final question and then we are going to come back to Brian for a short statement that he wants to make. 
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. 
John Hodulik - UBS: Okay, thanks. Guys can you give us a quick update on where are in terms of the Wi-Fi build out and the wireless strategy now that the you have the SpectrumCo deals close and may be how long, we need to wait to until, we can expect see some products on the from the [JB], thanks?
Neil Smit: Hey, John, on the Wi-Fi side, we continue to build our markets gradually. Weve implemented a number of rollouts in the cities where we have the hotspots going through based on usage and we rollout the product. We are also establishing in-home and small business hotspots concerning for us partnership, we have been really working on the infrastructure, we are launching stores, we have got about 550 launched and we are working with agents as well, weve developed a point in system sales products that we are well for their in-store agents and we are developing products together that we think will be very exciting for consumer. So more to come on that front but overall we are very pleased with the partnership.
Brian Roberts: Okay, well. Thank you all for the call. I just wanted to end on a really said tragic note. Many of you may hear or read about awful murder of two young children by their nanny yesterday in Manhattan. And the father and the children was part of our CNBC family. So I just want to say on behalf of all us at CNBC and Comcast and NBCUniversal and many others around the nation have touched and said we are by this unspeakable act and we will do everything we can to support their family in their awful time. Thank you all and we will go back to our jobs, but have them in our thoughts and prayers.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you all for joining us this morning.
Operator: There will be a replay available of todays call starting at 12:30 pm Eastern Standard Time. It will run through Friday November 2 at Midnight Eastern Time. The dial in number is 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 36800409. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 PM today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Dooner  Vice President Investor Relations Michael J. Anglelakis  Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer  Brian L. Roberts  Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer Stephen B. Burke  Executive Vice President; President & Chief Executive Officer NBCUniversal Holdings and NBCUniversal Neil Smit  Executive Vice President; President & Chief Executive Officer Comcast Cable
Analyst: Douglas Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank Securities  Jason Armstrong  Goldman Sachs  Jessica Reif Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Craig Moffett  Sanford Bernstein Jason Bazinet  Citi Investment Research John Hodulik  UBS Benjamin Swinburne  Morgan Stanley James Ratcliffe  Barclays Stefan Anninger  Credit Suisse Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
Operator:  Welcome to Comcasts second quarter earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President Investor Relations Ms. Marlene Dooner. 
Marlene Dooner:  Welcome everyone to our second quarter earnings call. Joining me on the call here in Philadelphia is Michael Angelakis and joining us from London are Brian Roberts, Steve Burke, and Neil Smit. As we have done in the past Brian and Michael will make formal remarks and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A.  As always, let me refer you to Slide Number Two which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward looking statements such as certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me now turn Brian Roberts for his comments. BB Im here in London and this is indeed a most exciting time for all parts of the company Comcast and NBCUniversal and were off to a fantastic start with the Olympics. At NBC were achieving record breaking ratings and as you know we have significantly expanded our coverage so viewers have more choices than ever to watch the Olympics across nine broadcasting cable channels, on TV, and online in English and in Spanish. If youre a Comcast Cable custom were making it available every minute, every medal, on every screen, really making TV everywhere a reality for our customers, many for the first time. Were seeing record numbers on every channel, on demand, on the Internet, and on mobile. This reality is a huge technical undertaking and I have to say Im thrilled so far. Im equally pleased to report solid operating results for the second quarter driven by another outstanding quarter in cable. With revenue and operating cash flow growth of about 6% and cable free cash flow of $1.3 billion. High speed Internet and business service continue to add power to cable growth in the second quarter and we kept up the trend of improving year-over-year customer performance. We reduced video subscriber losses by 62,000 which is our best second in four years and the seventh quarter in a row of improving video results. We believe we can continue to make steady progress on subscribers with our focus on technical and product leadership, on transforming the service experience and by accelerating innovation.  High speed data net adds of 156,000 grew 8% and voice had a really good quarter with 158,000 net adds as well. Cable also maintained its momentum in new product deliver. Our Xfinity Home product is now available in 95% of the footprint adding another growth opportunity for cable. Were now also marketing Skype on Xfinity nationwide. We more than doubled the reach of our cross marketing partnership with Verizon Wireless to 21 markets. In June we expanded our X1 cloud based guide to our first major market Boston and just this week we are launching in Atlanta with the plan to be in five major markets and deployed in hundreds of thousands of homes by the end of this year. Were also continuously enhancing our existing products increasing the video content choices available on products like Streampix which now offers twice as many titles as we had when we just launched in February and increasing the speeds of our high speed services at no additional cost to our customers. The seventh increase in nine years where we have done this for our customers. By enhancing our products, improving the customer experience, accelerating the pace of innovation weve been putting our new Xfinity brand to life. We are now ready for the next phase of Xfinity which will highlight new innovations, [work horse] platform functionalities and even better user experience and so we launched our new Xfinity advertising campaign during the open ceremony of the Olympics really defining for our customers and non-customers the Xfinity brand promise. As we deliver new entertainment and communication experiences we call it Xfinity the future of awesome. We think this will resonate because it reflects how our customers will use, enjoy, and respond to our products.  Let me now switch to NBCUniversal where we also continue to be very positive about the future whether its the cable channel or broadcast, theme parks or films, our goal is to make all of these businesses more valuable. Clearly there is more quarterly variability in our results of NBCUniversal than the rest of the company and for the second quarter NBCUniversals results came in as we anticipated.  Michael will take you through all the details but after a 34% increase in cash flow in the first quarter, a combination of tough comparisons related to content licensing, program expense timing, and disappointing performance in our film business resulted in a 15% decline in operation cash flow for the second quarter. So when you look beyond the quarterly fluctuations to the first half of the year NBCUniversal grew revenue by 8%, operating cash flow by 2% and generated $1.1 billion of free cash flow. So the entire company is actually doing really well across a lot of different businesses but I guess being here in London I feel ever better about the future of our company. Ad sales are strong and were having absolutely record breaking Olympics. Affiliates are pleased and carrying our channels in more homes than ever before and the consumers are winning with Xfinitys new technologies and getting more value than ever for their subscriptions. Comcast really is in a unique position to make all this possible.  Let me now toss it over to Michael to go into the financials of the second quarter in greater detail.
Michael J. Anglelakis : Let me begin by briefly reviewing our consolidated financial results starting on Slide Four. Overall we are pleased with our second quarter results which reflects sustainable and profitable growth as well as the fundamental strength of our core businesses. Second quarter consolidated revenue increased 6.1% to $15.2 billion and operating cash flow increased 4.2% to $5 billion reflecting strong organic growth in our cable business as well as consolidating the remaining 50% of the Universal Orlando as of July 1, 2011.  Free cash flow for the quarter, which excludes any impact of the economic stimulus increased just over 2% to $1.6 billion reflecting growth in consolidated operating cash flow and improvements in working capital partially offset by higher taxes as well as higher capitalized software and intangible asset expenditures. Our Cable Communications in corporate and other areas accounted for $1.3 billion or 86% of total free cash flow and NBCUniversal contributed $218 million or 14% of consolidated free cash flow. Free cash flow per share increased approximately 6% to $0.57 per share. Earnings per share for the second quarter grew 35% to $0.50 per share versus $0.37 per share in the second quarter of 2011. Excluding a $137 million non-cash non-recurring income tax charge in the second quarter of last year, our normalized EPS increased 19% in the second quarter.  Now, lets take a look at proforma results of our Cable Communications and NBCUniversal businesses on Slide Five. As you know, we believe the proforma presentation provides a more meaningful comparison of the operating performance of the businesses. Therefore, proforma results are presented as if NBCUniversal and the Universal Orlando transaction were both effective on January 1, 2010.  For the second quarter 2012, consolidated proforma revenue increased 3.5% to $15.2 billion and consolidated proforma operating cash flow increased 1% to $5 billion. Year-to-date our proforma revenue increased in excess of 6% to $30.1 billion and proforma operating cash flow increased 5% to $9.7 billion.  For the second quarter Cable Communications was the primary growth driver as revenue increased 6% to $9.9 billion and represented 65% of our consolidated revenue while cable operating cash flow grew 5.5% to $4.1 billion and represented 82% of our consolidated operating cash flow.  For the second quarter NBCUniversal had relatively flat revenue of $5.5 billion and NBCUniversal operating cash flow decreased to 15% to $982 million. As Brian mentioned, and Ill detail later, second quarter NBCUniversal results were impacted by difficult comparisons related to the timing of content licensing in sports programming as well as the underperformance of our film segment. However, on a year-to-date basis NBCUniversals revenue increased approximately 8% to $11 billion and operating cash flow increased just shy of 2% to $1.8 billion.  Lets move to the next Slide to review Cable Communications results in more detail. We had another strong quarter of financial and customer growth in our Cable Communications business. For the second quarter cable revenue increased 6% to $9.9 billion reflecting growth in our residential businesses, continued strength in business services, and solid growth in advertising. As a result, total revenue per video customer increased 8% to $149 per month. Also contributing to this growth is an increasing number of customers taking multiple products. At the end of the quarter almost three quarters of our video customers took at least two products and almost 40% took all three services versus 35% in the second quarter of last year. Despite the typically second quarter seasonality in many of our cable markets, we experienced strong growth in our customer metrics and continued to show year-over-year improvements in our results. Combined video, high speed Internet, and voice customers increased by 138,000 a 40% increase in net customer additions compared to the second quarter 2011. As Brian mentioned, we once again reduced our video customer losses. In the second quarter we lost 176,000 video subscribers a 26% improvement from the second quarter of last year despite a telco competitive footprint that is increased and now stands at approximately 40%. Our second quarter video revenue increased 2.8% reflecting great increases in an increasing number of our customers taking higher levels of digital and advanced services. In the second quarter we added 67,000 advance service customers and deployed 563,000 advance boxes and now have 11.2 million HD indoor DVR customers equal to 54% of our 21 million digital customers. In addition to the improved video results we added 156,000 new high speed Internet customers during the quarter marking the 12th consecutive quarter we have gained share by differentiating our products and services and speed enhancement. High speed Internet revenue was the largest contributor to cable revenue growth in the second quarter with revenue increasing 9% reflecting rate adjustments, continued growth in our customer base and an increasing number of our customers taking higher speed services. At the end of the quarter our penetration was 36% of homes passed and 27% of our residential high speed Internet customers take a higher speed tier above our primary service.  With regard to voice revenue increased just over 1% for the quarter reflecting continued growth in our customer base as we added 158,000 voice customers and our performance over the last three quarters as improved as we have increased our Triple Play conversion metrics. At the end of the quarter our penetration was 18% of homes passed.  We continue to see real momentum in business services which was our second largest contributor to cable revenue growth in the second quarter with revenue increasing 34% to $582 million. The small end of this market or businesses with less than 20 employees now accounts for 85% of business service revenue and is a meaningful driver of growth. Midsized business revenue now represents about 15% of revenue and is growing faster but off a smaller base. Cable advertising revenues increased 7.6% reflecting higher automotive advertising and political revenue as we begin to benefit from advertising for the upcoming elections. Excluding this political revenue our core cable advertising increased 4%.  Please refer to Slide Seven. Second quarter Cable Communications operating cash flow increased 5.5% to $4.1 billion representing a margin of 41.4%. In the second quarter total expenses in Cable increased 6.3% primarily reflecting higher video programming and sales and marketing expenses as well as additional costs to expand the capabilities of business services and other new initiatives. Program expenses increased 7.9% in the second quarter as we continued to expand the amount of content we provide to consumers across multiple platforms. For the first six months of 2012 our program expenses increased 6.7% and for the full year we expect programming expenses to grow at high single digit rates. In addition, sales and marketing expenses increased 9.7% as a result of higher overall media spending to enhance our competitive position in both our residential and business services. As we begin to market new products like Xfinity Home, Xfinity Signature Support and Streampix we have also increased our investments in direct sales to more effectively target potential customers. We continue to offset these increased expenses through efficiencies and in proven product mix as well as increasing the number of our customers upgrading to higher tiers of services such as HD DVRs or premium Internet tiers. In addition, we remain very focused and believe we can continue to gain efficiencies in our customer service and technical operations.  We have reduced our truck rolls by more than $8 million in the last two years even as we added 2.8 million total new customers. Our service is improving and our customers are electing more self installations which increased by approximately 65% in the second quarter. We expect that nearly 30% of our installations will be performed by our customers during this year. In addition, we now have about 25% of our customers managing their accounts online and we expect our customers to log one billions self service transactions this year, everything from reviewing and scheduling appointments, getting self help information and tools, paying bills, or purchasing our services. All of these improvements result in a better experience for our customers, lower activity levels, and efficiencies for our cable operations. Overall, our second quarter results for cable clearly demonstrate that we are executing well and competing effectively with our improved products and services.  Please refer to Slide Eight. In the second quarter total cable capital expenditures decreased 5% to $1.1 billion equal to 11.4% of cable revenue versus 12.6% in the second quarter of last year. This reduction in capital intensity primarily reflects reduced spending in CPE as a result of scale efficiencies. Year-to-date capital expenditures decreased 2.4% to $2.2 billion equal to 11.2% of revenue versus 12.1% for the first half of 2011.  The second quarter cap ex reflects our investment to support the continued growth in business services which totaled $162 million. In addition, CPE expenditures decreased 13% as we benefit from improved pricing and near completion of the all digital project which recaptures analog bandwidth in a number of our markets. In total, we have deployed over 25 million digital adapters since the inception of this project. As a result of this project, we continue to realize operating efficiencies and strategic benefits from fully digitizing our systems.  We will continue to invest capital in our network to ensure product leadership in video and high speed Internet, and to fund the expansion of new services that generate attractive risk adjusted returns and drive profitable organic growth like business services, or Xfinity Home, Wi-FI, and X1. For the full year 2012 cable capital expenditures are expected to be relatively flat in dollars when compared to last year but should be lower as a percentage of cable revenue.  Please refer to Slide Nine so we can review the pro forma results for NBCUniversal. For the second quarter 2012 NBCUniversals revenue decreased 1% and operating cash flow decreased 15% reflecting the underperformance in our film entertainment segment, the timing of programming costs and difficult comparisons related to a content licensing agreement which had a significant impact on last years second quarter results.  If we exclude this content licensing agreement, NBCUniversal revenue increased 3% and operating cash flow decreased 6%. For the second quarter Cable Networks generated revenue of $2.3 billion, an increase of 4% driven by a 4% increase in advertising revenue and a 7% increase in distribution revenue partially offset by the content licensing agreement signed in the second quarter of 2011. Cable Networks operation cash flow decreased to 7% to $788 million reflecting higher programming and production costs primarily due to higher NHL and NBA programming costs and additional investments in original program as we have increased the hours of original content in the second quarter by 13% compared to 2011.  With regards to our broadcast segment, second quarter broadcast television revenue decreased 9% to $1.5 billion largely due to lower content license revenue which I mentioned earlier. Second quarter 2012 broadcast operating cash flow increased approximately 3% to $196 million reflecting strength at our owned local stations partially offset by increased programming investments.  Moving on to film entertainment, the second quarter has tough comparisons against lat year which include two very successful movies Fast Five and Bridesmaid compared to the disappointing box office performance of our second quarter films primarily Battleship. As a result revenue decreased 2% to $1.2 billion and operation cash flow declined by $110 million to a loss of $83 million. Switching to our theme park segment, we had another solid quarter as theme parks generated revenue of $539 million a 3.4% increase driven by consistent performance at both the Orlando park which continues to benefit from the success of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter attraction, in the Hollywood park which has had strong attendance growth fueled by the successful opening of the new Transformers attraction in May. Second quarter operating cash flow for the parks increased just over 4% to $235 million.  Please refer to Slide 10 so we can review our 2012 financial strategy. As I mentioned earlier, we generated consolidated free cash flow of $1.6 billion in the second quarter, an increase of 2% and free cash flow per share increase of 6% to $0.57 per share. For the first half of the year, we generated $4.6 billion of free cash flow, an increase of 23% over the first half of 2011 and year-to-date free cash flow per share increased 25% to $1.68 per share. For the first half of 2012, Comcast Cable accounted for $3.5 billion or 77% of total free cash flow and NBCUniversal contributed $1.1 billion or 23% of consolidated free cash flow.  As you know, we manage Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal as two distinct pools of cash flow generation and funding capacity. NBCUniversals free cash flow is retained to build capacity to fund future equity redemptions by General Electric while Comcast Cables free cash flow is allocated to consistently return capital to shareholders. As we announced earlier this year on July 9th Arts & Entertainment Television Network agreed to redeem NBCUniversals entire equity interest in the network for just over $3 billion which we expect to close later this year. We estimate after tax proceeds, for this transaction to be approximately $2.6 billion which will remain at NBCUniversal. We are executing on our 2012 financial plan and year-to-date we have returned $2.2 billion of capital to shareholders, a 38% increase which includes share repurchases totaling $1.5 billion in dividend payments totaling $743 million. Overall, we are pleased with the progress we have made during the first six months of 2012. We believe the investments we have made along with disciplined execution will continue to yield positive results.  Now, let me turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Douglas Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank Securities.
Douglas Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank Securities: Two if I may, for Neil video subscription revenues accelerated the past three quarters even as video subscriber losses have improved I think for seven quarters now so it appears the improvement is not coming from discounting. Would you say that the competitive environment is getting better, would you say this is due to better company execution, and has the low hanging fruit being captured with regards to improving the video business? If not, whats the top execution efforts that you think will impact the business going forward? For Michael, it appears NBC will be able to undertake repurchasing GEs stake in 2014 with almost just cash on hand given the A&E deal. Youve given us some debt level ranges in the past for the company overall. Since you were purchasing the lower end of that range should investors expect repurchases and dividends to move up to 100% or more of cable free cash flow next year to the extent you maintain the leverage at the low end of your target range?
Neil Smit : I think on the video side it really comes down to better execution. I think were executing better on the product side, were getting better product out there whether its X1 or cross platform, or the apps. I think on the service side we still have plenty of room for improvement but were getting more self service done, were getting reduced call time windows, were doing more self installs, repeat service levels down, and I think were targeting our marketing better and developing more channels whether its the online channel, or the retention channel, or the [inaudible] channel. I think that were developing or beefing up our channels. I dont think the competitive environment is materially changed one way or another. I mean, Id like to see housing sort of come back a little bit and the economy come back but I dont think there have been material changes in the quarter.
Michael J. Anglelakis : I think were going right according to plan actually. I think were hopeful we can get the A&E transaction closed and as I mentioned, that cash will stay within NBCUniversal as NBCUniversal prepares for that redemption. On the Comcast Cable side, the real goal is to, as Neil just said, to deliver great operating results that convert to meaningful free cash flow. And as we are this year, we are providing the majority of our cable free cash flow back to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks.  Were now into the eight month of the year in the fourth quarter and early part of next year well take a look at our return of capital strategy for 2013 which obviously again, will include dividends and buybacks and well evaluate exactly where we are. But were executing really well on the operating side and I think were generating the free cash flow had hoped to and weve got a couple of nice benefits with the sale of the A&E asset as well as hopefully the close of the Spectrum Co asset sometime later this year.
Douglas Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank Securities: Would you say that your leverage target is still in that 2.0 to 2.5 times range?
Michael J. Anglelakis : Yes. As I said, we want to keep a conservative balance sheet and dont really look at the balance sheet completely connected to a return of capital because really return of capital to us is the payout ratio of free cash flow really in both pools. So on the NBC pool of cash thats really a indirect equity redemption and on the free cash flow on Comcast Cable, that majority goes back to shareholders. So we do want to stay at sort of the low end of that range, thats where our head is at, but dont want to really connect too much our leverage with our return of capital. We really look at return of capital much more from a free cash flow payout ratio standpoint.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jason Armstrong  Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong  Goldman Sachs: Maybe a question and a clarification. The question is weve seen recent M&A in cable distribution at very healthy multiples. I guess that services sort of a couple of things, first as the largest synergistic buyer you could, I think, generate more accretion from these deals than the legacy buyers. Was there interest there on your part? Maybe help us think through that. Then I guess the second question that springs up is it highlights how inexpensive your stock is relative to at least what the transaction market is implying. Does this point you towards accelerating buyback activity? Then second just a clarification on the content licensing agreements, can you quantify the benefit you received last year maybe across the categories cable, broadcast, and film?
Michael J. Anglelakis : Why dont we just go through there were three transactions. Obviously, we do make it a goal to look at everything. We think thats important to really evaluate all the assets that are out there and I think were smarter investors and more educated so that if we do see something we like and it makes sense. The price was a pretty healthy price and we have a pretty high bar on our IRR as well as we look at stock buy backs and other competing uses for capital. We did not aggressively pursue those, we thought the price was pretty high in comparison to other areas we could utilize our cash. It has always been sometimes a spread between private and public multiples so I think we have a plan where on buying back our stock weve been really consistent in buying back our stock and have increased our buyback pretty consistently over the last years. So Im not sure were going to quote accelerate it based on several private market deals. I think buying back 1.5 year-to-date is pretty good and significantly more than we did last year. Our goal is to continue to buyback the stock when we think its undervalued and be pretty aggressive on our return to capital strategy overall.
Jason Armstrong  Goldman Sachs: On the content licensing?
Michael J. Anglelakis : We did have a content licensing deal last year in the second quarter, it was signed in the second quarter. Obviously, those dollars did not flow into the second quarter of this year so that had impact primarily in cable networks and broadcasting for the most part.
Jason Armstrong  Goldman Sachs: Can you quantify what the benefit was last year so we know sort of what the headwind in Q2 12?
Michael J. Anglelakis : You can really look at the content licensing side. In our trending schedule it gives you some directional area but I dont think we want to go into specifics of what contracts were worth. I think were trying to be as transparent as we can on our trending schedules and it gives you some indicant of where content licensing was in the second quarter of 2011 versus now. I dont think its appropriate for us to go into real specifics on dollars and cents.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Two questions, on the Olympics its obviously a really great promotional platform that seems to be going as well if not better than excepted. Can you just talk to us about how you expect to benefit both short and longer term? And is it all beneficial to NBCUniversal or is there any benefits for the cable systems?
Stephen B. Burke : Let me start on the Olympics and were five days into a 17 day event so its by no means concluded at this point but were off to a very successful start. The first point Id make is that even before the Olympics started this year we were over $100 million ahead of our ad sales goal. So there was a lot of demand I think for the time and we booked over $100 million more than our plan and more than we ever had booked before. Now that the Olympics have started the second positive variance if you will is in ratings which are way up versus forecast. We thought when we did the forecast for London that Beijing was sort of an A typical watermark. Beijing had some very interesting characteristics. Michel Phelps swam live during prime time, gymnastics was live, and so what we did was we went and looked at Athens and really budgeted closer to Athens than Beijing. The reality is that if you take the first five days of London and you compare them versus Beijing we projected to be down 20% versus Beijing and were actually up 9%. The reality is were up versus Athens 26% and were about 30% higher than our estimate. So really rating success pretty much across the board which all of you who follow this fragmented media landscape knows how A typical that is. We think that is because of the way we promoted the Olympics during the 100 days leading up to the Olympics. We think a lot of it is due to all of the effort inside NBC Universal which we call Symphony and also things that weve done with Comcast Cable. We also think that for the first time we have a strategy that embraces broadcast, cable, and digital so we have a lot of exposure all leading up to these great numbers in prime time.  When you boil all of that down when we were doing due diligence on NCB Universal, one of the issues the company had was every two years NBC Universal was losing a lot of money on the Olympics. We think London is going to be right around breakeven and there was a time when we thought London would be as negative as $200 million. So on a cash-on-cash basis, forgetting purchase price accounting and everything else, we are way ahead of where we thought we would be. At the same time if you look at the benefits of other parts of the business, were going to do a few things very unique in terms of launching the fall prime time schedule for NBC. Weve got some shows literally launching. For example, next Wednesday were doing a new show called [Go On] commercial free right out of the end of the Olympics and also obviously, the Olympics are a chance to showcase our news properties and other parts of the company and really build up our sports cable channel. I think now that we feel the P&L for the Olympics per say is about breakeven its clearly something that is going to benefit our company very broadly.
Jessica Reif Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But longer term shouldnt it help you with affiliate fees and renewals? I mean that kind of stuff will there be longer lasting benefits?
Stephen B. Burke : I think so. I think first of all given the trends, we stand a chance to make money on future Olympics, well see. Obviously, the economy has a piece in that but I believe we made one of the biggest bets weve ever made in terms of the right deal we did for the Olympics a little over a year ago and we feel very good because all the numbers that I just mentioned to you are significantly better than we projected in our deal. As the world gets increasingly fragmented and its increasingly hard to amass the kind of audiences were amassing. 25 ratings at 11 oclock at night, those types of audiences are so unique that I think over time theyre going to prove to be more and more valuable. At the same time, any of you whove watched our coverage on the NBC sports channel, you can see that were basically wall-to-wall Olympics and getting the kinds of ratings on our sports cable channel that weve never seen before which is going to make that more valuable both to advertisers and to our affiliates. I think we feel great about what London is showing us the Olympics are capable of doing and long term were delighted to have the asset.
Jessica Reif Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: My second question was more on the cable side. Can you discuss what you expect with the Verizon JV? I mean, what would be considered disappointing and what would be considered a really big positive?
Stephen B. Burke : I think the JV is going very well. Were launched in about 21 markets, 263 stores, its been a terrific partnership. From a regulatory perspective we anticipate approval of transaction sometime at the end of Q3 or Q4 and weve been working very constructively with the regulatory agencies on this and we look forward to a speedy and destructive approval.
Michael J. Anglelakis : Let me just add on to what Steve said. Obviously, all the data is excellent coming out of the Olympics and were really pleased with everything thats going on. Getting a little granular just so folks remember, this was a legacy contract in terms of the Olympics and through purchase accounting the losses were eliminated, the losses that we expected out of this contract. So now that were over performing a bit, in the third quarter well have a slight benefit related to the Olympics performance in our third quarter P&L which obviously is a nice positive to have compared to the previous Olympics that NBC Universal had. In addition, the way the cash flows flow, theyre a little bit different so we will have a negative impact in free cash flow in the third quarter. But really, everything has just gone great and were very pleased. I just wanted to make sure folks understand a little of those finer details.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Craig Moffett  Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett  Sanford Bernstein: Two quick questions, given the incremental cash that comes in from A&E, does that change your calculus at all as to whether or not you would choose to buy in the last piece of NBC in 2014 as opposed to 2017? Then for Neil, just given how important it is I wonder if you could give us any very early insights on the X1 rollout in Boston operationally in terms of marketing and retention and that sort of thing?
Stephen B. Burke : Ill take the first one. Not really, I think youve got to take a little bit of a step back. Weve been in a little bit of a cleanup mode in regards to NBC Universal. If you remember, just about a little over a year ago where we bought out the other 50% with Blackstone with regard to theme parks and paid $1 billion for that so now that we own 100% of the Orlando theme park that was sort of a concerted effort to sort of look at an entity that we had that was a great deal and were very pleased with it. Then you look at A&E where we owned 15.8%, decided to sell it. Were very pleased with the price. Also recently announced was the MSMNBC.com transaction which was a 50/50 relationship with Microsoft which we bought in that other 50%. So were really in a little bit of a cleanup mode and I think thats probably coming to an end. Does it influence our decision in 2014? I really dont know, its two years away from now obviously a lot can happen then. Were obviously pleased with how NBC Universal is progressing since weve owned it for about 18 months or so, so I think thats going to be a decision we make in about two years and dependent on a variety of factors. But all good news in terms of were cleaning up some of the areas and I think were benefitting nicely from cleaning those up.
Neil Smit : So far the X1 has been very well received in Boston. Were marketing it to HD Triple Play customers. Were launching during the Olympics our first marketing campaign targeted at acquisition. Existing customers will get the X1 as requested subject to a one time installation fee. Remember that right now were using the new X1 boxes but were going to be extending the X1 experience over to a high end set-top boxes as well. As Brian mentioned in the call, were going to be launching Atlanta this week and well be launching five markets, major markets during the course of the year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jason Bazinet  Citi Investment Research.
Jason Bazinet  Citi Investment Research: I just have a question for Mr. Burke. A lot of the cable networks are investing more in original content but the aggregate ratings seem to have come under pressure sort of in the aggregate across the whole ecosystem and I was just wondering if you could share with us your thoughts on what might be going on? Do you view it as something temporary and a function of the content thats out there or something that may have more duration to it?
Stephen B. Burke : I think some of it is temporary or onetime. Nielsen did an adjustment of the universe which I think most people would say was a one time -2% to -3% in terms of ratings. But I think a lot of cable channels are making very significant investments in new programming. Theres a lot of competition a lot of fragmentation out there, a lot of DVR usage. I think theres no question in terms of ratings its a tougher environment than it was a year ago.  That having been said, we still love the cable channel business. If you think about it, its a dual revenue stream. One of the revenue streams is completely unaffected by ratings, that being the affiliates fees. Neil doesnt like this part of the business but the affiliate fee growth I think in the industry is probably about 10%. We were 7% during the quarter but if roughly have your revenues are growing somewhere high single digits or double digits and then on the other side youve got advertising where in the recent up front, the cable up front I think our cable channels averaged high single digits and we had USA and Bravo I think on a CPM basis leading the market. If you put that all together its a really good business. That having been said, its harder to get ratings today than it was a year or two ago.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Hodulik  UBS.
John Hodulik  UBS: Just a quick question, a follow up on the X1 rollout, do you expect to be able to get the X1 platform rolled out across the footprint by the end of 13? Then you talked about a number of offsets from a cost standpoint from efficiency and other cost cutting as you rollout X1 and Xfinity Home. Do you expect any real sort of noticeable impact on margins or cable cap ex as this roll out proceeds?
Stephen B. Burke : The X1 we havent really finished our 13 planning yet but its certainly the intent to roll it out broadly across the footprint. As I said earlier, its been a great product and the customer reset activities have been terrific so were going to roll it out more widely but we havent finished 13 planning. In terms of efficiencies, we do see them across primarily the customer service side including the tax side and were taking real noise out of the business.  Weve reduced $8 million truck rolls over the last two years while weve increased RGUs $2.8 million. Thats an example of efficiencies. We think were going to do about a billion self service transactions this year. Michael mentioned that, whether its billing or FAQs or whatever. But I think from a margin perspective we look at them as being kind of steady over the course of the year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Benjamin Swinburne  Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne  Morgan Stanley: Just on the cash flow outlook I think on one of the slides you point out that youve returned about 64% to 65% of cable free cash to shareholders. As we look at the rest of the this year Im imaging that the cash taxes will probably be a swing factor around to bring that sort of payout ratio higher towards closer to 100%? I just wanted to know if you had any sort of color on the cash tax outlook or maybe the stimulus for the full year now that were half way through? Then I just wanted to come back, Neil you mentioned the JVs with Verizon wireless and how well theyre going. The fact that youve moved forward with those should that lead us to the conclusion that the Spectrum sale and the commercial arrangements are really too different transactions and sort of two different strategies and not necessarily connected to each other? I know the FCC DOJ seemed to sort of be looking at them a little bit together but Id love to get your perspective.
Michael J. Anglelakis : Youre right, as we look at sort of the second half of the year, as I mentioned in the comments, we will spend a little bit more on cap ex. I think well end the year pretty flattish but if you look at where we are for the first half compared to last year and then you look at the whole of last year, well spend a bit more in cap ex. In the second half of the year we will have some cash taxes and some working capital so I think the number in terms of our payout ratio will trend upwards towards when you look at the full year versus just the first six months. So we feel pretty good about it and its running a bit ahead of plan which were pleased with and well see how the end of the year turns out but your directional comments are correct. BB Let me just jump in on that second Verizon Wireless question. Even though technically theyre two separate contracts weve always believed that the government is looking at it holistically. I stand by Neils hope that by the end of the third or early in the fourth quarter we could get both transactions completed and continue with the roll out.
Operator:  Your next question comes from James Ratcliffe  Barclays. 
James Ratcliffe  Barclays: Two if I could, one to follow up on an earlier question, it does look like video ARPU accelerated Q-on-Q but [HSC] ARPU slowed a little bit. Is that any indication of something fundamental going on or is this an allocation issue within bundles? Secondly, any takeaways from the Google Fiber announcement and any indication that theyre looking into expanding into any of the Comcast markets?
Stephen B. Burke : I wouldnt read anything into the [HSC] ARPU. I mean it grew 3% and we grew the [inaudible] at a healthy rate indexing at 108 so I wouldnt read anything into that. Concerning the Google Fiber roll out we have about 65,000 customers in the Kansas City area. Its not clear how significantly impacted that will be but clearly pulling fiber, building a fiber network is hard work and heavy lifting and we look forward to monitoring the results. BB I guess on a broader context on that last question, we dont really know but it kind of seems like a bit of a laboratory and all along when we showed our billion bip second demo in Chicago we were kind of hoping that there would be applications that continue to need more and more broadband. Thats fundamentally a really good thing for us. Obviously, theres going to be competition but we have a great network that has tremendous flexibility and capacity to offer more speeds than we offering today and were constantly hoping that new applications and needs develop and that will be really I think positive development if we can help that happen. If Google can be part of making that happen, its part of what I think theyre doing but I dont know for sure.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Stefan Anninger  Credit Suisse.
Stefan Anninger  Credit Suisse: Two questions if possible, Michael you talked a little bit about the cap ex efficiencies that Comcast has been gleaning this year and I think youve done that for the last several quarters. Can you just talk a little bit more about those, maybe provide a bit more color? You talked about some of it on the CPE side. And then your longer term optimism around sort of continued efficiencies in the cap ex spending and what we might expect going forward. Then perhaps you could provide a little bit of color on how the local advertising trend are looking in the third quarter?
Michael J. Anglelakis : On the cap ex side really my hat is off to the team, I think theyve done just a great job of really effectively managing cap ex and I would say at the same time really playing offense with regards to innovation. Just look at all the different products were talking about now compared to a year or two ago when we didnt have that. So were bringing capital intensity down basically both in terms of percentage and dollars. Theres been a number of projects, some come and go, a couple of years ago we had DOCSIS 3.0 and then we had all digital, and now were spending some dollars on business services more aggressively. The reality is I think were hitting a stable sort of cap ex number. It may move up a little bit, it may move down a bit but when we look at a whole year capital plan were pretty much coming into I think, stability because were still investing in the network, as Brian said, to make sure we have the best network but were also investing in new product areas and service areas.  I dont think from a dollars stand point youre going to see sort of that continuing trend down compared to several years ago. I think from a percentage of revenue standpoint I think were going to show some modest benefits in terms of that intensity. Theres a lot that goes into our capital expenditure plan at cable and I think theyre doing a great job at how we manage it.  With regards to local, I think that were doing really well in local both on the NBC Universal side and on the Comcast Spotlight side. On the Comcast Spotlight side up about 4% and obviously were entering the political season. So the core business seems pretty stable, automotive has come back relatively nicely and obviously were going to benefit in third and fourth quarter with regards to political.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC.
Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Two questions, I think Q2 ARPU came in a little bit better than expected. Is it conceivable for ARPU to accelerate as you roll out home security, Skype, etc?
Michael J. Anglelakis : I think we were pleased with the ARPU, the lift this quarter at 8%. I think its too early to tell with the new products theyre just beginning to gain momentum, were just beginning to market them. Home security weve got rolled out to 95% of the footprint but its in the very early days. Certainly thats the intent, we add more products on to our network and build ARPU over time but I think its too early to tell right now.
Michael J. Anglelakis : Id just elaborate. Obviously, weve put on 400 to 500 basis points of new Triple Play customers. So last year we had 35% to 36% of our customers taking all three services. That number is now closer to 40%, that obviously helps with ARPU as well as all the event services that Neil mentioned. So overtime were hoping to continue to grow ARPU.
Marci Ryvicker  Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Then in high speed data, any feedback from subs with your move to the higher cap of 300 megs and the related data usage plans? BB As you know we announced two different flavors of plans. One was capacity linked with the tier that subs are buying into and two was just being able to buy blocks of capacity. Caps are gone. We raised the amount people could consume to 300 gigabytes as a base limit. So we have not announced the markets for the roll outs yet but I would expect something shortly.
Operator:  There will be a replay available of todays call starting at 12:30 pm eastern standard time. It will run through Wednesday August 8th at Midnight eastern standard time. The dial in number s 855-859-2056 and the conference ID number is 93213388. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the companys website beginning at 12:30 pm today. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marlene S. Dooner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Brian L. Roberts - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of Comcast Holdings Corporation Michael J. Angelakis - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Neil Smit - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer of Comcast Cable and President of Comcast Cable Stephen B. Burke - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer of Nbcuniversal Holdings & Nbcuniversal and President of Nbcuniversal Holdings & Nbcuniversal
Analysts: Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division James M. Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital, Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael McCormack - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Thomas W. Eagan - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Bryan D. Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner.
Marlene S. Dooner: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to our first quarter earnings call. Joining me on the call are Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Steve Burke and Neil Smit. As we have done in the past, Brian and Michael will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As always, let me refer you to Slide #2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.  With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts: Thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. I'm really pleased with our start in 2012. In the first quarter, we had strong revenue and cash flow growth and record quarterly free cash flow of $3 billion.  Cable had another outstanding quarter with real momentum in High-Speed Internet and Business Services and continuing improvements in Video results.  Let's start with High-Speed Internet, which had a particularly strong quarter and customer growth with 439,000 net additions, up 5% from our strongest quarter last year as we continue to significantly outpace the net additions of our competitors.  With 37% growth in revenue in the quarter, Business Services has become a significant engine for growth, and we have a mid-market opportunity that is still largely ahead of us. We're also pleased with our improving Video results. And although we reported 37,000 Video sub losses, we believe we can continue to make steady progress with our focus on technical and product leadership, and transforming the service experience and on accelerating innovation.  Just in late February, we launched Streampix, which expands our Video offering with thousands of library movie and TV series available to stream anywhere. It's early, and the content choices will expand greatly throughout the year. But we now have a couple million customers who have access to Streampix. Voice had a good quarter with 164,000 net adds, increasing penetration and improving performance as the quarter advanced. This year, we're launching a series of enhancements like readable voicemail and free text messaging, and launching Skype on XFINITY. All of these new features reinforce the value of our Voice product and highlight the growing number of ways in which consumers can communicate using our services.  XFINITY Home is now available in 72% of our footprint, offering a compelling service that incorporates home security, home control and energy management, and expands our market opportunity beyond just security. It's clearly very early, and we're just getting started this year, but XFINITY Home adds another growth opportunity for Cable. We're getting ready to expand availability of our X1 cloud-based user interface to hundreds of thousands of homes this year. And just a couple of days ago, we expanded the reach of our cross-marketing partnership with Verizon Wireless to 6 new markets. As you can see, we are focused on continuously enhancing our products, improving the customer experience and driving innovation, and all of this is bringing our XFINITY brand to life and trying to position us as the premier service provider for our customers. So whether you are measuring financial performance or operational excellence, Cable really is doing quite well, and we believe we can maintain this momentum. We also had a good quarter and a nice beginning to the year at NBCUniversal with revenue growth across every segment led by the Super Bowl and 2 successful film releases, The Lorax and Safe House. The Cable Networks and Theme Parks continued to show reliable growth, and we're starting to make some progress in Broadcast. As we've said previously, there is and will be more business volatility and quarterly variability in the results of NBCUniversal than in the rest of the company. Also in 2012, we have a more aggressive Film slate and special big events like the Super Bowl and the Olympics. But when you look through all of this, NBCUniversal businesses are performing well and we're very focused on continuing to execute to build the long-term value of its brands and franchises. We're investing in sports and original programming, and let me give you just a few examples of some of our early successes. In the first quarter, Style's ratings were up double digits, and distribution increased by 18%. Syfy had its most-watched first quarter ever among total viewers and ranked among the top 10 cable entertainment networks in the quarter. At NBC Sports network, ratings for the first round of the NHL playoffs were the best in the network's history, up 16% from the same time last year.  NBCUniversal and Comcast Cable are also working well together to launch new programs and innovative products, and we are looking forward to the Olympics to showcase some of our company's unique capabilities. We'll have a lot more to report on these efforts on our next quarterly call, which actually will take place during the Olympics. In the meantime, let me just wrap up by saying that we are very enthusiastic about the progress we're making driving financial and operational excellence across the company.  Let me now pass to Michael to cover the first quarter results in detail.
Michael J. Angelakis: Thank you, Brian. Let me begin by briefly reviewing our consolidated financial results, starting on Slide 4.  Overall, we are very pleased with our first quarter results, which reflect profitable growth and the fundamental strength in our businesses. First quarter consolidated revenue increased 23% to $14.9 billion, and operating cash flow increased 15% to $4.7 billion, reflecting strong organic growth in our Cable business, as well as consolidating 2011's acquisitions of NBCUniversal on January 28 and the remaining 50% of Universal Orlando on July 1. Free cash flow for the quarter, which excludes any impact of the economic stimulus, increased 37% to $3 billion, reflecting growth in consolidated operating cash flow and some timing benefits in working capital including taxes, partially offset by higher capital and intangible asset expenditures. Free cash flow per share increased 40.5% to $1.11 per share. Earnings per share for the first quarter grew 32% to $0.45 per share from $0.34 per share in the first quarter of 2011. Excluding NBCUniversal transaction and related costs of $0.02 per share in the first quarter of last year, our EPS increased 25% in the first quarter of 2012. Please refer to Slide 5. Now let's take a look at the pro forma results of our Cable Communications and NBCUniversal businesses. Pro forma results are presented as if the NBCUniversal and the Universal Orlando transactions were both effective on January 1, 2010. As you know, we believe that pro forma presentation provides a more meaningful comparison of the operating performance of the businesses.  For the first quarter of 2012, consolidated pro forma revenue increased 9.6% to $14.9 billion. Consolidated pro forma operating cash flow increased 9.6% to $4.7 billion. Included in pro forma operating cash flow for the first quarter of 2011 are transaction-related costs at NBCUniversal totaling $92 million. Excluding these costs, our pro forma consolidated operating cash flow increased 7.3%.  For the first quarter, Cable Communications revenue increased 5.7% to $9.6 billion and represented 64% of our consolidated revenue, while Cable operating cash flow grew 5.5% to $4 billion and represented over 80% of consolidated operating cash flow. For the first quarter, NBCUniversal generated revenue of $5.5 billion, an increase of 18%, reflecting strong revenue growth in every segment, including the Super Bowl revenue of $259 million in the Broadcast TV segment. Excluding the Super Bowl in the first quarter of 2012, revenue increased 12.4%.  NBCUniversal's operating cash flow increased 34.3% to $813 million. Excluding the $92 million of transaction-related costs I just mentioned, operating cash flow increased 16.6% at NBCUniversal.  Please refer to the next slide, and let's review Cable Communications results in more detail. We had another strong quarter of financial and customer growth in our Cable Communications business. For the first quarter, Cable revenue increased a healthy 5.7% to $9.6 billion, reflecting growth in our Residential businesses, continued strength in Business Services and solid growth in advertising.  We continue to effectively balance ARPU and customer growth. This quarter, total revenue per Video customer increased 8% to $143 per month reflecting rate increases, a higher contribution from Business Services and an increasing number of customers taking multiple products.  At the end of the quarter, 73% of our Video customers took at least 2 products, and 38% took all 3 services versus 34% in the first quarter of 2011. We continue to experience real strength in our customer metrics. In the first quarter, combined Video, High-Speed Internet and Voice customers increased by 565,000.  Our High-Speed Internet service continues to gain share as we are differentiating our product through service and speed enhancements. We added 439,000 new High-Speed Internet customers in the first quarter, marking the sixth consecutive quarter of HSI net add improvement. In addition, we experienced continued improvement in our Video customer losses. In the first quarter, we lost 37,000 Video customers compared to a loss of 39,000 Video customers in last year's first quarter. We achieved these improved results even as our telco competitive footprint expanded from 36% to 38%, and we implemented rate increases to 62% of our footprint in the first quarter compared to 34% in the first quarter last year.  While we continue to make progress with our Video results, we do want to remind everyone we are entering the second quarter, which is a seasonally slower period for our business due to the number of customers we have in college and vacation areas. However, as you can see in our first quarter results, we are executing well, and we are competing better with improved products and services. Our goal is to continue to focus on profitable growth and make improvements in our Video customer experience and performance. As we look at our Service categories, first quarter Video revenue increased 1.6%, reflecting improved customer metrics, rate adjustments and an increasing number of customers taking higher levels of digital and advanced services. We added 243,000 advanced service customers in the first quarter and now have 11.1 million high-def and/or DVR customers equal to 54% of our 20.7 million digital customers.  High-Speed Internet revenue was a large contributor to Cable revenue growth in the first quarter. HSI revenue increased 10.3%, reflecting rate adjustments, continued growth in our customer base and an increasing number of our customers taking higher-speed services. Today, 26% of our Residential HSI customers take a higher-speed tier above our primary service. The addition of 439,000 new HSI customer in the first quarter resulted in the penetration of 35% of our network's homes passed. With regard to Voice, revenue increased 2% for the quarter, reflecting continued growth in our customer base, partially offset by a slight decline in Voice ARPU. In the first quarter, we added 164,000 Voice customers and continued to see the pace of Voice customer additions improve, as we have increased our Triple Play sell-in metrics. In addition, as Brian mentioned, we are enhancing our Voice product with lots of new innovative features, such as readable voicemail and free texting through our XFINITY mobile app.  Business Services continues its momentum and was a large contributor to Cable revenue growth in the first quarter with revenue increasing 37% to $541 million. Growth in Business Services continues to be driven by the small end of the market or businesses with less than 20 employees. In addition, Metro E and PRI Trunk Voice, which are now available in all of our markets, are making an increasing contribution to the Business Services results. Please refer to Slide 7. First quarter Cable Communications operating cash flow increased 5.5% to $4 billion resulting in a stable margin of 41.2%. In the first quarter, total expenses in Cable increased 5.8%, primarily reflecting higher video programming costs, sales and marketing expenses, as well as continued operating expenses to expand the capabilities in Business Services and other new initiatives.  Program expenses increased 5.5% in the first quarter of 2012 as we continue to increase the amount of content we provide to consumers across multiple platforms. As we have mentioned previously, we expect programming expenses to grow at mid- to high-single-digit rates. And in 2012, we expect program expenses to grow at the higher end of that range.  In addition, sales and marketing expenses increased 11.7% as a result of higher overall media spend and a continued investment in direct sales to more effectively target customers and enhance our competitive position in both our Residential and Business Services segments. Partially offsetting these higher expenses, we improved efficiencies in our operations as we focus on improving service, reducing churn and increasing customer satisfaction. As a result, customer service and technical operation expenses were relatively flat during the quarter. In addition, bad debt expense improved as we continue to improve our retention, collection and screening processes. Please refer to Slide 8 as we'll review Cable Communications capital expenditures. In the first quarter, total Cable capital expenditures were stable at $1.1 billion, equal to 11% of Cable revenue versus 11.6% in the first quarter of 2011. This reduction in capital intensity reflects scale efficiencies, which helped offset higher investments in CPE, continued investments in network infrastructure and the ongoing expansion of Business Services.  During the first quarter, CPE expenditures increased 3% as we deployed 658,000 advanced HD and/or DVR set tops and another 1.3 million digital adapters, but benefited from lower average pricing. Our All-Digital project, which we completed last year, has been a terrific initiative that has provided significant operational benefits and product enhancements and has also generated strong financial returns. We continue to recapture remaining analog bandwidth in a number of our markets as we anticipate additional operating efficiencies and strategic benefits from fully digitizing our systems. First quarter 2012 CapEx also reflects our investment to support the growth in Business Services, which totaled $146 million. Business Services continues to have positive momentum and generate strong returns well above our cost of capital. In addition, we continue to invest capital on our network to ensure superior product leadership in High-Speed Internet and to fund the future expansion of new services like XFINITY Home, Wi-Fi and X1, which expand our product offerings and drive future organic growth. Overall, we are very pleased with our capital investment plan and our focus on strategic areas of growth that yield strong risk-adjusted returns. Please refer to Slide 9, so we can review the pro forma results for NBCUniversal. For the first quarter of 2012, NBCUniversal's revenue increased 12.4% excluding the Super Bowl, and operating cash flow increased 16.6% excluding transaction-related costs in 2011.  As Brian mentioned, NBCUniversal has substantial volatility from a quarter-to-quarter basis from businesses like Film, which had a good first quarter and timing issues related to the launch of new programming across our Broadcast and Cable Networks. For the first quarter, our positive results are driven by improvement in Film, steady progress in Broadcast and solid results from Cable Networks and Theme Parks.  Now let's take a closer look at the individual segments at NBCUniversal. For the first quarter, Cable Networks generated revenue of $2.1 billion, an increase of 5.8% driven by a 5.9% increase in advertising revenue, a 3.8% increase in distribution revenue and a 20.5% increase in other revenue, primarily due to increases in the licensing of content.  Cable Networks operating cash flow decreased 1.4% to $805 million, primarily reflecting higher sports programming costs due to a shift in a number of NBA games to the first quarter of 2012 after the NBA lockout was settled. In addition to sports programming, we continue to invest in original programming, and we're seeing positive results, including USA maintaining its position as the #1 Cable network and good progress at our entertainment and sports networks. With regards to our Broadcast segment, first quarter Broadcast Television revenue increased 36.9% to $1.9 billion and included $259 million of revenue generated by the Super Bowl. Excluding the impact of the Super Bowl in the first quarter, Broadcast revenue increased 17.7% reflecting higher primetime ratings primarily due to the success of The Voice and higher content licensing revenue from a licensing agreement signed in the second quarter of 2011. First quarter 2012 Broadcast operating cash flow decreased $30 million to a loss of $10 million, reflected increased programming and marketing costs to support the mid-season primetime schedule. Moving on to Film. First quarter revenue increased 22.3% to $1.2 billion, reflecting higher theatrical revenue from the strong box-office performance of The Lorax and Safe House, as well as higher home entertainment revenue due to more DVD titles being released compared to last year's first quarter and the success of Tower Heist and Hop. First quarter Film operating cash flow improved by $152 million to $6 million, primarily reflecting higher theatrical revenue. Switching to our Theme Parks segment. We had a strong quarter as Theme Parks generated revenue of $412 million, a 5.7% increase driven by higher per capita spending at the Orlando and Hollywood Parks, which continue to benefit from the success of The Wizarding World of Harry Potter attraction in Orlando and the King Kong attraction in Hollywood. We continue to have healthy attendance in both Orlando and Hollywood as both parks benefit from strong growth in international visitors. First quarter operating cash flow increased 17.1% to $157 million.  Please refer to Slide 10 for an update on our 2012 financial strategy. As I mentioned earlier, we generated consolidated free cash flow of $3 billion in the first quarter, an increase of 37%. Free cash flow per share increased 40.5% to $1.11 per share. The first quarter is typically our strongest free cash flow quarter as we pay federal cash taxes in the second, third and fourth quarters.  I think I've mentioned this before, but I think you know that we manage Comcast and NBCUniversal as 2 distinct pools of cash flow generation and funding capacity. As you can see on this slide, Comcast, which includes both Cable Communications and Corporate and Other, accounted for $2.2 billion or 72% of total free cash flow. And NBCUniversal contributed $851 million or 28% of consolidated free cash flow. NBCUniversal's free cash flow and cash is retained to build capacity to fund future equity redemptions by GE while Comcast Cable allocates its free cash flow to consistently return capital to shareholders. We view our strong balance sheet as a strategic asset and are committed to remaining a strong investment-grade issuer. At the end of the first quarter, we had $37.8 billion of debt on our consolidated balance sheet and had gross debt to operating cash flow leverage of 2x.  We are executing on our 2012 financial plan that we outlined in our year-end earnings call. And during the first quarter, we returned $1.1 billion of capital to shareholders, including share repurchases totaling $750 million and dividend payments totaling $304 million. Overall, our consolidated operating and financial results mark a strong start to 2012. We are progressing according to our internal plans and are continuing to execute on our strategic opportunities.  Now let me turn the call over to Marlene for Q&A.
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks, Michael. Operator, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Since there's been so much attention to the seasonality trend in basic Video subscribers this quarter, I wonder if maybe, Neil, you could just go through the math a little bit of why we didn't get as large a sequential seasonal swing in basic Video subscribers that we've historically gotten. Was it something in the fourth quarter? Was it something in the first? Just help us understand what happened.
Neil Smit: Craig, I don't think there was really a seasonality impact that was different than previous years. I think the difference was that, as Michael stated, the percentage of our footprint that experienced a rate increase was up from 34% to 62%. I think the size of this footprint that received the rate increase resulted in more customer service calls and slightly higher churn. I think our goal is to continue to improve on Video losses quarter after quarter. This is the sixth consecutive quarter that we've done that. I think without the increase, we would have had better net gain numbers. However, it's great to have this rate increase event behind us, and I think I was pleased that we were able to reduce losses while increasing ARPU 4% on Video and 8% overall.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just have a question for Mr. Roberts. I was wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit on Streampix in terms of how you plan to position that in the marketplace and how long you think it will be before it's ubiquitous across your footprint.
Brian L. Roberts: Well, I think let me start. Neil, you can jump in if you want. It's a good beginning. As I said, we have ubiquitously across the footprint available, we have over couple million who now have access to Streampix. We're beginning to advertise it. You'll probably see some of our ads. They're terrific. The biggest thing is we're going to be increasing the quality and the quantity of the content as we secure more rights and as we put into the servers the rights that we've already got. It's also increasing our On Demand usage, and just in the month of March, we saw real usage right out of the box. So I think it's a nice addition. Neil, you want to add anything to that?
Neil Smit: Yes, I think the intent of it was to fill out our content portfolio, it's complementary. So we have the recent content in the form of linear, the VOD content and now the library content. We're seeing good uptick on usage. It's on both VOD and as a premium. And we also are bundling it with a Video package and broadband as a way to extend our -- off our footprint of HSD-only in DBS households. And that's been well received. So it's a complementary Video product, and we can use it to bundle with other products.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, I'll interpret that as one question on each division. So first on SME, I just wanted -- I think Brian mentioned at the beginning of the call that you're about to go full force into the mid-sized market. Can you just talk about what impact that will have on growth? Is it steady as you go or will growth accelerate as you really ramp up? And on the NBCU side, I mean, it seems like your team is solidly in place. I'm just  and ratings are stabilizing at NBC. What's the next step? Is the goal to drive in-house production? Where is the real next driver of value here?
Brian L. Roberts: Jessica, I'll take the SME question and then pass it over to Steve. I think we're getting most of our growth with SME and now Metro E and mid-sized are starting to come in. We're offering 3 products really on the mid-sized. It's both -- it's the Metro E product, the Ethernet, it's PRI, PBX equivalent and now a hosted Voice solution. I think we also have backhaul. We have about -- we've increased the number of installed towers by about 79% since 2010. So I think the growth will continue to ramp in Metro E, and I think the growth rate will remain relatively steady because we're growing it on a larger basis. We think the overall opportunity is $20 billion to $30 billion. We're at about a $2.2 billion run rate now. So that's only a 10% penetration.
Stephen B. Burke: Regarding value drivers at NBCUniversal, I think we have a lot of them. I would start with Broadcast. We're underperforming our peers. And if we got up to the level of our peers, if you look at Broadcast as an ecosystem that includes the network, the owned stations and syndication, we're hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of opportunity just getting to average in that business. And I think we're starting to make some progress, but there's a long way to go. We're headed out to look at pilots, and of course, we have the upfronts coming, and we're optimistic and have made some good progress. Revenues were up 11% for the quarter, not including the Super Bowl. The Voice clearly is going to be something that we can use to build on. So I think Broadcast is a big opportunity. And by Broadcast, don't forget we also have Telemundo, which I think represents opportunity. The Cable channels are really the heart of current cash flow and continue to do well. And we're investing in them, and I think those represent an opportunity over time. Film represents a real opportunity as we have a much stronger slate this year, in my opinion. We'll see whether that translates into increased profitability this year and next, but we're hopeful. And then we've got the Theme Parks, where we've invested and continued to be very bullish about Orlando, where you've got Harry Potter over a year old and doing great, and Hollywood is doing well as well. So we have a lot of different places where we're optimistic about the future. It takes time. As you mentioned, we have our team in place. We've started to make the investments, and we think we had a solid quarter on our way to a good year. But there's a lot of opportunity at NBCUniversal for years to come.
Brian L. Roberts: I just want to add, Jessica, to that, that I also think that the working together between content and distribution adds additional value to our company, but over time, the trend has suggested that really great content is going to be worth more value to distributors with more technological ways to distribute. So as we look forward in the years ahead, not just in the quarters ahead, I think we're sitting on one of the great libraries and one of the great set of brands in the industry. And I believe we'll find ways to monetize that as the technology continues to make it more attractive to consumers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Armstrong with Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a question on broadband. There's sort of a fear more broadly that we're nearing saturation from an industry perspective. Your results obviously don't suggest that you're accelerating growth in net adds in the business. Maybe just help us think through the outlook and how you think about balancing volume growth versus the pricing power that you probably could exercise to a greater extent here.
Brian L. Roberts: Jason, I think that we were very pleased with the quarter at 439,000 net adds. And as you said, we continue to drive strong growth quarter after quarter. I think it's fundamentally because we have a -- we feel we have a better product where we continue to increase speeds on top of our DOCSIS platform. I think from a -- there's always a balance between rate and volume. We think we've met that balance pretty well. We increased ARPU 4% this quarter in HSD and drove that sort of growth. So we feel there's still some pricing power as long as we're continuing to improve the product and meet the customer demand.
Operator: Our next question will come from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Neil, a clarification. If price increases drove higher churn in 1Q, are fewer price increases causing you -- or price increases in fewer markets causing you to see better churn in 2Q? I'm just curious, any comments you'd have on changes you're seeing in the competitive environment or the economy. I mean, for example, this quarter the phone companies talked a bit about backing off their DSL product. I think Verizon even said they weren't marketing anymore. And FiOS talked about one of their primary goals is also to drive margins now, which makes it sound like promotional activity will be stable or maybe even improve going forward. So any thoughts around the environment and churn will be helpful.
Neil Smit: Yes, I think, as you know, in the second quarter we -- and I think Michael mentioned we have seasonality, both in the college towns, as well as the snowbirds down in some of our Southern markets like Florida. So seasonality does take effect, and it has in all the previous years. I think in terms of competition, I think it varies for each of our services. We always seek the right balance there. There wasn't anything that was significantly different this quarter than the different competitive offers we saw in previous quarters. I think Verizon came out with a relatively low-priced bundle in some markets, and DirecTV is doing some promotional activity around SUNDAY TICKET. But I think we see those kinds of things every quarter, and we feel we're competing very well primarily by innovating at a better rate. We're getting more products out as Brian mentioned. We launched Streampix this quarter. We increased speeds. We're getting more content out there. We've got X1 being launched in this quarter, the second quarter. So we feel good about the innovation, delivering more value to our customers.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: In terms of churn, Neil, I was thinking about year-over-year rather than quarter-over-quarter. Certainly, understand the seasonality. I was just thinking of 1Q churn was a little bit higher year-over-year that 2Q then might be a little bit lower year-over-year. Any thoughts on that?
Neil Smit: It was generally in the same range, and we don't -- had -- 2Q. The first quarter churn was generally in the same range. It wasn't substantively different. As I mentioned in the rate increases, there was slightly higher churn but not materially different. And the second quarter, I think, we don't generally project forward on churn.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Hodulik with UBS.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Neil, maybe just a follow-up to your comments on X1. Could you just talk a little bit about that? You said second quarter rollout here. Obviously, we know about the trial that I guess you did in Augusta. But how quickly will you be able to roll that across the footprint? And maybe talk about some of the benefits you expect to get, maybe lower churn or better gross adds and talk about the product a little bit. That'd be great.
Neil Smit: Well, as you know, it's a product with cloud-based user interface and advanced navigation. We have apps on it. It's an easier way to discover content, and we're very excited about the test we've been running down in Augusta. People seemed -- they get on the product and they begin to use it more and more. And so we're going to be rolling it out in one major market here this quarter and then it'll go out subsequently to other markets. I think the range we'll see this year will be in the hundreds of thousands. It's dependent upon hardware primarily. It can go on COAM devices and advanced set tops as well, the platform can. And I think the real advantage of it was we put so much of our information up in the cloud, it enables us to innovate more quickly. So putting our VOD content on the Xbox was very relatively simple and a much quicker launch because we had so much up in the cloud. So we're excited about it. I think the impact of it will be, hopefully, more customers wanting to subscribe to our Video service and less churn because they're more pleased with our product.
Brian L. Roberts: I just want to maybe just echo that, for me, if you're on a technological plan that all of your products have ultimate innovation and hopefully, superiority to their competitors, that's a business that you feel very good about. And so in the Video business, in particular to the question, I think what it begins to show is the 2-way network has tremendous advantages over some of the one-way networks like satellite. And we have to execute and make that happen for consumers. That word of mouth has to get out. We have to market it. We have to brand it. But first, we had to invent it and stabilize it to make sure it really was -- had that same experience. And I think that's what we're excited about and we've seen -- it goes across the whole platform. It's all devices, as well as easy to put on, as Neil said, third-party devices. So we think we're making real progress there long term, and I think that's going to be a differentiator. May not happen in a quarter or 2, but we will roll out this major market here the next few weeks, and we're very excited about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a clarification and a question. On programming costs, Michael, I think you said mid to high and at the higher end of that for the year, so I just wanted to make sure it's fair to say Q1 was more mid, so you expect it to ramp through the year. And then question for anyone who wants to take it just on the spectrum sale. Obviously, a lot of focus in D.C. there. And I'm just curious if you'd comment whether if the spectrum deal with Verizon is not allowed, is the JV something that continues to be a possibility or are those 2 events tied together in your minds strategically? Because obviously, having a wireless partner is something that I think, Comcast values going forward.
Brian L. Roberts: Yes, why don't I take it. You're right, Ben, the programming costs for the first quarter are sort of in the mid-range. We do expect for the year that when you look at the entire year, that programming costs will be slightly higher than what was represented in the first quarter. We have some contract renewals and some other things that come into play that will boost those costs up a bit for the whole year. With regard to -- I'll take the one with regard to the spectrum sale. We're very optimistic that we'll get the transaction closed in the latter part of the year. I know Verizon Wireless and our folks on the regulatory side are working closely with the FCC and DOJ, and I think both parties are very optimistic we'll get the deal closed. And we'll get it closed, at least, our view is sort of towards the latter half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stefan Anninger with Crdit Suisse.
Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: My question is for Mr. Smit. I was hoping you could give us a sense of how many of your Video subscribers are actively using your XFINITY TV online product, and perhaps you could give us a sense of how important you think that product has been to improving your Video subscriber results. In other words, do you see that product as a key driver of your slowing Video sub losses?
Neil Smit: Our XFINITY TV app on the iPad, we've had about a little over 5 million downloads. The people who are using it interestingly are using it -- using the tools more than viewing the long-form content. The tools I'm referring to are search and remote. And we feel it is helping with our customers explore the content and get to the content of a -- in an easier manner. And therefore, our belief is that if customers can find our content and view it in an easier way and it's a great -- a better experience, that there will be more customers wanting to use our service. The other thing I'd say is that it has things like cross-platform search, and I think it enables us to go -- to leverage the advantage, one of the advantages we have, which is great content, linear, VOD, DVR and online. And we believe that's one of the key advantages that we have.
Operator: Your next question will come from James Ratcliffe with Barclays.
James M. Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just give us an update on My TV Choice and also the Internet Essentials program and to what degree, if any, they're contributing to subscriber growth?
Neil Smit: James, our My TV Choice is in test in 3 markets. As you know, it's a basic package with different genre bolt-ons. We found that it works well, especially in retention because it gives people choice, and that's what folks are looking for. We haven't made a decision of yet as to how to roll it out on a broader basis, but we're encouraged by the tests. In terms of Internet Essentials, it's not a material contributor to the HSD number, but we're very pleased with the program. It's been exceptionally well received by the market, and we're big believers in getting this service to people, extending the Internet to people who may not be able to afford the higher-priced product.
Operator: Your next question will come from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on ARPU. What prompted the increase in rate in the quarter? Did the Disney contract have anything to do with the timing here? And then related, can you talk about the contribution from your Home Security business, if anything, to ARPU?
Neil Smit: Marci, it was really an operational decision. We had markets who were ready to take the increases, and we just -- it didn't have anything to do with the Disney contract. It was more operational in nature. With regards -- your second question, please? With regards to Home Security, we've now rolled it out about 73% of our footprint. It's been really well received. I mean, the churn on it is very low. People -- once -- we had to figure out how to best sell it. It's a more consultative sale. But now that we've figured that out, it's going very well in the markets that we're launching. We believe that it won't be a material contributor this year, but it's a great product going forward and will become more material over time.
Brian L. Roberts: And just to be clear, it didn't have really any impact on ARPU at all this quarter. The numbers are way too small.
Operator: Your next question will come from Mike McCormack with Nomura Securities.
Michael McCormack - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Maybe if you can just make a quick comment, Neil, on this issue regarding Sony and Netflix and the over-the-top offerings being subject to broadband caps and how the FCC might be viewing your side or their side of that. And then just, Steve, if you would, is there any chance you can quantify the impact of the NBA game shifts in the quarter?
Neil Smit: Right now, we don't have plans to introduce any usage-based pricing. I think our goal is to provide the best HSD experience, and I think by the results that we continue to offer in HSD, it's clear that customers are pleased with our thresholds. We review various forms of pricing and structures all the time. We put the instrumentation in place should we decide to go to a different form of pricing. And with regards to Sony and Netflix, I think Netflix articulated in their earnings call that our data thresholds don't really impact their Netflix users at this point.
Stephen B. Burke: So we're not releasing what the effect of the NBA lockout was precisely, but I will say it's one of the few things that happened during the quarter that made the Cable Networks look like they weren't growing. The reported growth was minus 1%. The actual growth was mid-single digits because of a few things like the NBA lockout that really depressed this quarter's growth rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Eagan with Canaccord.
Thomas W. Eagan - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: I have a question on video-on-demand. It seems as though the service is finally becoming one that the cable operators can provide some kind of an advantage. So could you give us latest on the buy rates and on advertising on VOD?
Neil Smit: So we -- generally speaking, the usage of VOD continues to increase. We're up to about 400 million views a month. When we launched Catch Up Keep Up, which provides all the catch-up content for the past 4 episodes or in some cases, 5 episodes that the free content usage went up significantly, and that drove more transactional usage. In terms of advertising, as you may have heard, we are now doing dynamic ad insertion pre-roll, mid-roll and post-roll. And we feel that's a great opportunity for advertisers, programmers and distributors. So we'll be looking at -- we're in test with it right now with some different programmers, and we intend to roll that out on a broader basis over the next year.
Brian L. Roberts: Let me just comment that you can see the strategy through that question and Neil's answer, you've got -- we made real progress on OnDemand, I think, back 5, 7 years ago when we first started to get to 400 million users a month. Let's not just walk by that number. That's dramatic customer behavior. You then layer in that we made real progress with broadcasters, and now have a lot of the content to be able to have catch up and keep up. Then you have Streampix, which we've just created, too, as we talked about. Then you've got to be able to have a guide and a user interface that makes it easy to navigate this unbelievably broad set of choices. And that's where X1 kicks in, in addition to some of the improvements we've made on the guide, as well as what we've done with the iPad and on other platforms to be able to search and navigate, as Neil was talking about. And you really can begin as you brand it as XFINITY to see that's a different experience, and that is the trend that we're on. And if you really believe we're headed to an interactive world and each user, not even each household, has their own personal choices and their own control, I don't know that there's a better platform out there than what we've been building, and it's starting to really kick in. And I think we've taken a leadership on this, and it hasn't -- each little quarter, it's getting a little better. And I think we see a lot of progress with innovation happening the next couple years, and we're on a good road.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.
Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wonder if you can expand a little bit on the TV Everywhere progress, both on the Cable side maybe in the home, I think it's the Media Mover device. And then in the NBCU side, the potential to start getting paid for customers taking content like what Disney and Time Warner have started to do.
Neil Smit: So I'll take the TV Everywhere question then turn it over to Steve. I think it's important to begin with the definition of TV Everywhere, which is we believe it's having valuable content for our customers on multiple platforms in an authenticated model. Our belief is that we want to offer the broadest selection of content to our customers, the best TV shows and movies across multiple platforms. Right now, we have 35,000 choices on VOD, 225,000 choices online, 8,000 choices on the iPad app. So we've got a lot of choices out there. As Brian said, we're improving the navigation experience. And I think that with regards to programming deals, we've done, as you mentioned, a landmark deal with Disney. We've got TV Everywhere with a number of other programmers. I think we're beginning to bring the experience to life, and so we're very pleased with the progress, and we'll continue to deliver the content and the experience to our customers. Steve?
Stephen B. Burke: And from the content side, I think most of the big content companies now realize that TV Everywhere is important for content companies. And the fact of the matter is anything that allows customers to get what they want when they want it and get more value out of their cable or satellite subscription is good for a content company that relies on cable channels for a lot of their OCF. And I think particularly in a world where you're seeing real numbers come in from retransmission consent, it's important to have key broadcast product on a TV Everywhere basis as well, and you'll see us do a lot of that with the Olympics. How you actually get paid for that whether it's bundled in the rate or whether there's a specific charge I don't think matters too much. I think clearly, it's something that's providing more value for those cable channels, and we got to make sure that we continue to realize that's at least for NBCUniversal and really for all of the big cable companies, that's where a lot of the OCF comes from.
Operator: Our last question will come from Bryan Kraft with Evercore Partners.
Bryan D. Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just a question on the Cable Networks. It looks like the growth in distribution revenue is running at about 4% so far this year, and it's down from 10% last year. Just want to understand, is the 4% more indicative of what this year will probably look like? And what do you think the opportunity is to reaccelerate affiliate growth as contracts come up for renewal?
Stephen B. Burke: That number was affected by a one-timer in the first quarter of last year. So I think the real number is going to be north of 5% and not that 3.8% that we reported today.
Bryan D. Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And in terms of, I think when you announced the NBCU deal, one of the things you talked about was the opportunity to pry some of the Cable Networks more in line with some of the peers of comparable ratings. And just, Steve, as you go forward, how are you feeling about that opportunity to kind of reprice to market as we go forward?
Stephen B. Burke: I think we have a real opportunity. If you look at the strength of our Cable Networks, both in terms of ratings and just overall demand and then you look at our peers, I think there's no question that we have opportunity on the affiliate side, significant opportunity over time. We have opportunity in terms of retransmission consent, and then we have a major opportunity over time in terms of advertising. The fact of the matter is a lot of our Cable Networks don't have the CPMs that they should have relative to their peers. And on affiliate and advertising, it's going to take time. It just doesn't happen overnight. But the fact of the matter is I think given the ratings we have and the value we're providing, the consumers and viewers of our networks, we have real opportunity over the next few years to get paid more for that.
Marlene S. Dooner: Thank you, Brian, and thank you, all, for joining us this morning.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. It will run through Wednesday, May 9 at midnight, Eastern Time. The dial-in number is (855) 859-2056, and the conference ID number is 64891388. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 p.m. today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marlene S. Dooner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Brian L. Roberts - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of Comcast Holdings Corporation Michael J. Angelakis - Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Neil Smit - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer of Comcast Cable and President of Comcast Cable Stephen B. Burke - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer of NBCUniversal Holdings & NBCUniversal and President of NBCUniversal Holdings & NBCUniversal
Analysts: Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division James M. Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital, Research Division Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner.
Marlene S. Dooner: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to our fourth quarter and full year 2011 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Brian Roberts; Michael Angelakis; Steve Burke; and Neil Smit. As we have done in the past, Brian and Michael will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A.  As always, let me refer you to Slide #2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.  With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts: Thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. I'm delighted to begin 2012 with this first call. Just thinking back a year ago, we were closing the NBCUniversal deal. We were making major management changes, bringing Neil Smit to fully run Comcast Cable, Steve Burke was beginning his first year at NBCUniversal, and it was a really, really important year for 2011 that had a lot go well. I'm thrilled to tell you that I think virtually across the board, our 2011 performance, as you can see in these fourth quarter's results and throughout the year, is right where we had hoped to be, and in some cases substantially better.  And based on all of that, we're very pleased today to be increasing our dividend by 44% to $0.65 per share on an annual basis and that our board has approved a new $6.5 billion stock buyback program under which we plan to increase our repurchases of stock by 40% to $3 billion this year. Now the way we come to those conclusions of the optimism and good feelings we have about the company is based on the financial results.  So let me start with Cable, which had an outstanding year, capped by a great fourth quarter of improving customer metrics combined with healthy financial results. In the fourth quarter, Video customer losses declined to 17,000, our best quarterly Video performance in almost 5 years. And for the full year, we reduced Video customer losses by nearly 40%. We also added 336,000 High-Speed Internet customers in the quarter, a 15% increase and marked the sixth year in a row of adding more than 1 million high-speed data customers.  I really believe these improvements are sustainable because they are the result of our scale and our intensified focus on service and innovation, all of which come together in our wonderful XFINITY brand message of product innovation and a better customer experience. Our major technical initiatives of DOCSIS 3.0, all digital, a content delivery network that works on all platforms is now complete, and we have leveraged these investments to deliver more innovation faster than ever before.  So in 2011, we introduced more new products and features than the prior 2 years combined. And our product roadmap for 2012 is just as exciting, and it includes a broader rollout of the Xcalibur platform, which we're rebranding to X1, including our cloud-based guide to hundreds of thousands of customers this year across multiple markets. We'll be expanding our Home Security business in many, many markets virtually nationwide, an expansion of Wi-Fi to several new markets and a lot of content, which will be On Demand and on all devices. And we also recently began to jointly market our services with Verizon Wireless, and we hope to expand the marketing footprint and working on new innovative products this year with Verizon Wireless. And we continue to expand choices and offerings for our customers, and we've taken important steps in our programming agreements and our relationship with the program suppliers, extending terms, expanding rights, going longer and having broader On Demand lineups and more flexibility to deliver this content to more devices in and out of the home than ever before. So all in all, our Cable business is in terrific shape today, our competitive position continues to get stronger, and we are leading with XFINITY in an innovation, and I believe we are in a solid position for the future.  Let me now switch to NBCUniversal, where in 2011, we successfully completed our integration, but we also had such a busy year with many important investment decisions. Some of these investments are already paying off, and others will pay off over time. We invested in new shows in both Cable Networks and on our Broadcast networks. We invested in our own stations. We extended the NHL and PGA rights, purchased 100% of the Orlando theme parks, have some exciting film franchises launching in 2012. We invested to extend the Harry Potter franchise in several of our Theme Parks. We also brought together all of our company's capabilities and successful bids for the Olympics, for the Spanish-language rights for FIFA World Cup soccer, and we extended the all-important Sunday night football franchise with the NFL. In each case, we secured important rights for many years, and we got more content to be used over many new platforms, putting us on a path to make these investments profitable over time and to significantly strengthen the business.  In the first year, we've also had some early successes that validate our belief that we can create real value with our combination of distribution and content businesses. We launched Project Symphony, concentrating first on cross-promotion, which had real success with The Voice in early 2011 and again just last week with the Super Bowl, The Voice and Smash. The Super Bowl and all of last week was critically important to the company, both from an execution standpoint and from just purely the largest audience in American television history.  And just one example of how well the company is working together was around Smash, where once again, we showed that NBC can promote its own shows on all of its platforms, but also along with Comcast was able in the Comcast markets to generate over 20% higher ratings than elsewhere in the average of the country. So we're a new and different and, frankly, I think, unique company, full of enthusiasm and optimism for what we can achieve in Cable at NBCUniversal and what we can now build together. So it's with that great start for 2012 that we're focused on maintaining the momentum, continuing to drive operating and financial excellence, and building value for our shareholders.  Let me now pass to Michael to cover the fourth quarter and full year results in detail.
Michael J. Angelakis: Thank you, Brian. We are very pleased with our fourth quarter and full year results for 2011, which reflect profitable growth and the fundamental strength of our businesses. Based on our confidence in the ongoing performance of the company and as Brian just mentioned, we are increasing our total return of capital to shareholders in 2012 by 45%. We'll address our financial strategy a bit later, but now let's discuss our business performance for 2011 in more detail.  For the full year of 2011, consolidated revenue increased 47.2% to $55.8 billion, and operating cash flow increased 25.8% to $18.4 billion, reflecting strong organic growth in the Cable business as well as consolidating the acquisitions of NBCUniversal on January 28 and the remaining 50% of Universal Orlando on July 1.  Free cash flow for the full year, which excludes the impact of the economic stimulus, increased 30.1% to $7 billion, primarily reflecting growth in operating cash flow, which includes NBCUniversal, and partially offset by increases in working capital, higher cash-paid interest, capital expenditures and intangible asset expenditures. Free cash flow per share increased 31.9% to $2.52 per share in 2011. For the year, our Cable free cash flow accounted for $5.2 billion or 75% of the total, while NBCUniversal contributed $1.8 billion or 25% of consolidated free cash flow. Earnings per share for the full year grew 16.3% to $1.50 per share from $1.29 per share in 2010. Excluding NBCUniversal transaction-related costs and other nonrecurring items, our EPS increased 20.6% to $1.58 compared to $1.31 in 2010. Please refer to Slide 5.  Let's take a look at the pro forma results of our Cable and NBCUniversal businesses. Pro forma results are presented as if the NBCUniversal and the Universal Orlando transactions were both effective on January 1, 2010. We believe the pro forma presentation provides a more meaningful comparison of the operating performance of the businesses. In addition, we adjust operating cash flow to incorporate the effects of acquisition accounting and eliminate the costs and expenses directly related to the NBCUniversal transaction. In total, during 2011, these adjustments, which are detailed on Table 6 of our press release, impacted NBCUniversal operating cash flow by $340 million. Our purchase accounting adjustments are now complete, so year-over-year comparisons should be a bit easier going forward.  In 2011, Cable Communications revenue increased 5.3% to $37.2 billion and represented 65% of our consolidated revenue, while Cable operating cash flow grew 6.9% to $15.3 billion and represented 82% of our consolidated operating cash flow.  For the full year, NBCUniversal generated revenue of $21.1 billion, an increase of 3.7%. This growth reflects the inclusion of $782 million of revenue from the Olympics in 2010. So on an apples-to-apples basis, revenue increased 7.8%.  Operating cash flow increased 2.3% to $3.8 billion. Again, excluding the Olympics in 2010 and the acquisition-related accounting revisions in cost in 2011, NBCUniversal's operating cash flow increased 5.2%. These results reflect strong performance at the Cable Networks and Theme Parks, which are offset by weaker performance at Broadcast and Film.  For the full year, consolidated revenue increased 4.7% to $57.7 billion. Again, excluding the impact of the Olympics in 2010, pro forma consolidated revenue increased 6.2%. Consolidated pro forma operating cash flow increased 6.2% to $18.7 billion, and excluding the Olympics and the acquisition-related accounting revisions in cost that I just described, full year operating cash flow increased 6.8%.  Please refer to the next slide, and let's review Cable Communications results in more detail.  In 2011, our Cable segment reported strong financial results and customer growth with substantial year-over-year improvements. For the full year of 2011, Cable Communications revenue increased 5.3% to $37.2 billion, reflecting growth in our recurring residential business and continued strength in Business Services, partially offset by lower political advertising.  The Cable business has performed well and has had consistent results. Excluding advertising, Cable revenue increased 5.6% for the full year, which is consistent with the growth rate in each of the last 4 quarters. In 2010, we generated $180 million of political ad revenue, making 2011 comparisons a bit challenging. As a result, Cable advertising declined by 1% for the full year and by 9% or $56 million for the fourth quarter. However, excluding the political ad revenue, cable advertising increased 7% for the full year and 5% in the fourth quarter.  We are managing the business for sustainable and profitable growth, and our total revenue per Video customer reached $141 per month in the fourth quarter, a 7% increase. That reflects our growing customer base, a higher contribution from Business Services and an increasing number of residential customers taking multiple products. At year end, 71% of our Video customers took at least 2 products, and 37% took all 3 services versus 33% in 2010.  We continued to experience real strength in our customer metrics. We ended the year with improved year-over-year customer growth. For the year, we added 1.4 million total Video, High-Speed Internet and Voice customers, an 11% increase in net customer additions compared to 2010. As Brian mentioned, in the fourth quarter, we lost 17,000 Video customers, a significant improvement over the 135,000 Video subscriber losses in last year's fourth quarter. For the full year, we reduced Video losses by nearly 300,000, approximately a 40% improvement over 2010. In addition, we added 1.2 million new High-Speed Internet customers in 2011, a 10% increase over last year's new customer additions.  We have improved products, we are competing better, and our focus on retention and customer service has resulted in lower churn year-over-year and each quarter across all of our services. In addition to our strong customer metrics, rate adjustments, and an increasing number of customers taking higher levels of digital and advanced services contributed to a 1.3% increase in video revenue. We added 743,000 high def and/or DVR customers in 2011 and now have 10.9 million high def and/or DVR customers, equal to 53% of our 20.6 million digital customers.  High-Speed Internet revenue was the largest contributor to Cable revenue growth in 2011. High-Speed Internet revenue increased 9.8%, reflecting rate adjustments, continued growth in our customer base and an increasing number of customers taking higher-speed services. Today, over 25% of our residential High-Speed Internet customers take a higher-speed tier than our primary service. Our HSI service is clearly capturing more market share as we continue to differentiate our product through service and speed enhancements.  With regards to Voice, our Voice revenue increased 6.2% for the full year, reflecting continued growth in our customer base. In 2011, we added 732,000 voice customers, and our penetration is now 18% of our homes passed.  Business Services were the second largest contributor to Cable revenue growth in 2011, with revenue increasing 41.4% to $1.8 billion. Virtually all of our growth is from the small end of the market or businesses with less than 20 employees, and we continue to experience strong momentum. In addition, we now have Metro E and PRI trunked voice available in all of our markets. In total, Business Services represents a $20 billion to $30 billion opportunity in our markets, and our penetration is only 10%. So we are enthusiastic about the growth opportunities in this segment.  Please refer to Slide 7. In addition to revenue growth, we remain very focused on expense management in driving greater efficiencies and effectiveness through the organization. As a result, full year Cable Communications operating cash flow increased 6.9% to $15.3 billion, resulting in a margin of 41.1%, a 70 basis point improvement compared to 2010. We had several positives contributed to our margin improvement. First is our improving product mix. We are adding more High-Speed Internet, Voice and Business Services customers, and an increasing number of our residential customers subscribed to multiple products and upgrade to higher tiers of service, such as HD DVRs or faster Internet speeds. These products are clearly accretive to our margins.  Second, we've had improved efficiencies in our operations as we then focus on improving service, reducing churn and increasing customer satisfaction. As a result, customer service and technical operation expenses were relatively flat during the year. In addition, bad debt expense improved as we continued to improve our retention, collection and screening processes. Partially offsetting these positives are 3 pressures, 2 of which we control and have positive ROIs.  We are making important investments in new products to expand business services and to offer new products like XFINITY Home and Signature Support. In addition, in 2011, sales and marketing expenses increased 11.8% for the full year as a result of higher overall media spend and a continued investment in direct sales to more effectively target customers and enhance our competitive position. These increased marketing efforts have had a positive impact on our customer metrics. Our XFINITY brand is now launched in 100% of our footprint and represents a more technology- and customer-focused brand that is making a positive impact on both our customers and those considering our services for purchase.  Finally, programming expense remains a challenge. In 2011, programming expenses increased 5.8% as we continue to increase the amount of content we provide consumers across multiple platforms. As we have mentioned previously, we expect programming expenses to grow at the mid- to high-single-digit rates, and in 2012, we expect programming expenses to grow at the higher end of that range.  Please refer to Slide 8 so we can review our Cable Communications capital expenditures. As indicated on the slide, we continue to reduce the capital intensity of our Cable business. For 2011, total Cable capital expenditures decreased 1% to $4.8 billion, equal to 12.9% of revenue versus 13.7% in 2010. This reduction reflects scale efficiencies, including improved equipment pricing, partially offset by continued investments in network infrastructure and the expansion of Business Services. Our full year CPE expenditures declined even as we deployed 2.4 million advanced HD and/or DVR set-tops and deployed 6.4 million digital adapters. In total, we have deployed over 23 million digital adapters since the inception of the All-Digital project, which is now complete. All-Digital has been a terrific initiative that has provided significant operational benefits and product enhancements as well as generating strong financial returns.  Over the past year, we have begun to recapture the remaining analog bandwidth in a number of our markets, and we plan to continue this effort as we anticipate additional operating efficiencies and strategic benefits from fully digitizing our systems.  Full year 2011 CapEx also reflects meaningful investments to support the continued growth in Business Services and to expand our efforts in the midsized business area. Our investment in Business Services increased 22% to $607 million in 2011. We've also increased our investment in network infrastructure to enable product enhancements, including increasing Internet speeds to our customers to reinforce our product leadership and High-Speed Internet. We successfully raised speeds on our flagship product from 12 to 15 megabits and raised speeds on our Blast! product from 20 to 25 megabits. In addition, we introduced our 50-megabit service and our extreme 105-megabit service to virtually all of our markets.  With regards to 2012, we anticipate our capital intensity to moderate further as Cable capital expenditures are expected to be lower as a percentage of Cable revenue when compared to 2011, even as we continue to invest capital in our network and fund the expansion of new service offerings like XFINITY Home, Wi-Fi and Xcalibur. These projects provide attractive returns, expand our service and product offerings and drive future organic growth. Please refer to Slide 9 so we can take a closer look at the pro forma results of NBCUniversal segments. For the full year, Cable Networks generated revenue of $8.5 billion, an increase of 10.6%, driven by a 10.9% increase in distribution revenue, an 8.7% increase in advertising revenue and an 18.7% increase in other revenue, primarily due to increases in the licensing of content from the Cable production studio. Cable Networks' adjusted operating cash flow increased 9.8% as we reinvested some of the top line growth in original programming and incurred higher marketing expenses to support launches of new series and other new programming across a number of our Cable Networks.  With regards to our Broadcast segment, full year Broadcast Television revenue decreased 7.1% to $6.4 billion, reflecting the inclusion of $782 million of revenue from the Olympics in 2010's results. Excluding the impact of the Olympics, Broadcast revenue increased 4.8%. Advertising revenue, excluding the impact of the Olympics, increased 1% in 2011, primarily reflecting ratings pressure at the NBC Broadcast network and lower political advertising at NBC-owned local stations. Content licensing revenue increased 23.3%, primarily the result of a licensing agreement for prior season and library content in the second and fourth quarters. Full year 2011 Broadcast adjusted operating cash flow, which excludes the Olympics in 2010 as well as acquisition-related accounting revisions in '11, decreased to $231 million, reflecting lower ratings, increased programming and marketing costs associated with NBC primetime schedule and higher news coverage.  As we look at advertising revenue at Cable Networks and Broadcast, both had unusual items that impacted advertising growth in the fourth quarter, including 4 fewer days in our advertising calendar, fewer NBA games due to the lockout and lower political advertising revenue at the NBC-owned local stations. If we adjust advertising growth to exclude these items in the fourth quarter, Cable Networks advertising revenue increased 7% versus the reported 2% growth, and Broadcast advertising revenue was flat versus a reported decrease of 6.5%.  Moving on to Filmed Entertainment. 2011 revenue was flat at $4.6 billion, reflecting higher theatrical revenue from the strong box-office performance of Fast Five and Bridesmaids as well as higher content licensing revenue offset by lower home entertainment revenue and a decrease in other revenue due to fewer stage plays. Film adjusted operating cash flow declined $220 million to $10 million in 2011, reflecting the underperformance of the 2011 film slate, higher marketing costs and a tough comparison to the 2010 performance of Despicable Me.  Switching to our Theme Parks, this segment had a terrific year. Theme Parks generated revenue of $2 billion in 2011, a 24.3% increase that was driven by strong attendance in per capita spending at both parks, which are benefiting from the success of The Wizarding World of Harry Potter attraction in Orlando and the King Kong attraction in Hollywood. Full year adjusted operating cash flow increased 41.2% to $835 million. We are pleased that the integration and transition of 2011 is behind us at NBCUniversal and look forward to 2012, which will be more execution-focused.  Please refer to Slide 10 to review our consolidated financial strategy. We believe that operational excellence and strategic differentiation drive shareholder value, so we have an operating strategy that is execution-focused and a financial strategy that is returns-focused and supports the strategy by reinvesting in our business while maintaining a strong balance sheet and providing a consistent and sustainable return of capital to shareholders. Our strong free cash flow generation means we can balance and achieve our growth in capital allocation priorities. It's not an either/or choice. So let me once again quickly review our priorities.  Our first priority is to generate strong returns by reinvesting in our businesses. In both Cable and NBCUniversal, we are reinvesting to strengthen our competitive positions and to support attractive internal growth opportunities. In regards to acquisitions and investments, we have a very disciplined approach, focused on opportunities that generate strong risk-adjusted returns and combined with strategic importance that generate long-term value. We view our strong balance sheet as a strategic asset and are committed to remaining a strong investment-grade issuer. At the end of 2011, we had $39.3 billion of debt on our consolidated balance sheet and had gross debt to operating cash flow leverage of 2.1x. We are comfortable with a gross debt to operating cash flow leverage target of 2 to 2.5x and expect to remain at the low end of that range, which we believe provides appropriate financial flexibility and liquidity to execute our operating and strategic plans. We also have a strong commitment to deliver consistent and sustainable return of capital to shareholders within a disciplined capital structure and through a combination of dividends and buybacks, which we think enhances shareholder returns while maintaining adequate liquidity to execute our plans.  To achieve that, we currently view Comcast and NBCUniversal as 2 distinct pools of cash flow generation and funding capacity. NBCUniversal retains its free cash flow, which amounted to $1.8 billion in 2011, to build capacity to fund future equity redemptions by GE while Comcast Cable allocates its free cash flow to consistently return capital to shareholders.  As we move to the next slide, you can see a consistent and growing return of capital over the last 3 years and for 2012, reflecting today's announcements. Since the 2008-2009 financial crisis, we have steadily increased our total return of capital through a combination of increasing dividends and buybacks. We instituted an annual dividend in 2008 at $0.25 per share and have consistently increased it to the current announced level of $0.65 per share. The newly announced dividend represents 43% of our last 12 months of net income and raises our current dividend yield to approximately 2.4%, which is above the S&P 500.  In combination with the planned stock repurchases in 2012, our combined yield is approximately 6.5%. As a percentage of free cash flow, our total payout has steadily increased from 35% in 2009 to 63% in 2011. With today's announcement, our total return of capital in 2012 is increasing approximately 45% to $4.8 billion, incorporating a 44% increase in the dividend and a plan to repurchase $3 billion of stock in 2012 under our new repurchase authorization of $6.5 billion. This total return represents a payout of 90% of our last 12 months' Cable free cash flow and approximately 115% of our last 12 months' net income.  So as we conclude 2011 and begin 2012, the company is performing well, with a real focus on innovation and execution. In addition, we are pleased with the start in 2012 and hope to build on Cable Communications and NBCUniversal's momentum. We also are very pleased at this momentum, and our financial strength is allowing us to invest for profitable growth and to accelerate our return of capital to shareholders.  Now let me turn the call to Marlene for Q&A.
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks, Michael. Operator, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Craig Moffett with Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I'm going to try to slip in 2, if I can. First, on the strength in Video subscribers, are you seeing that as a competitive issue, or are you starting to see some tailwind from new household formation recovery in your markets? And then secondly, if you could just update us on your Wi-Fi expansion and whether you're thinking about a voice-over-Wi-Fi service as part of that? And if so, how would you fill the MVNO component in order to fill in where you don't have Wi-Fi coverage?
Neil Smit: Craig, this is Neil. I think that our Video results are more a competitive issue. I think we're focused on product innovation and better customer service, and I think we've seen kind of sustainable results from those 2 areas of focus. The other factor that I would mention is that the RBOC overbuild has flowed in 2011. It was about 1.1 million homes versus 2.5 million in 2010. We're getting more flexibility in our programming agreements, as you've seen, so we're offering more content to more devices. So we're staying focused on product innovation and better service, and more to come there. Concerning the Wi-Fi build-out, we built out Philly, parts of New Jersey and Delaware. We're pleased with the results. We have about 4,000 access points. We'll be building out more markets, but it will be primarily focused on data versus voice-over.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Bazinet with Citi.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just have a question for Mr. Burke. On the Cable Networks side of the business, it seemed like expenses over the first 3 quarters of the year were growing pretty significantly and you had margin compression, and the expense growth seemed to stop in the fourth quarter of this year with pretty significant margin expansion. Can you just help us, spring 2012, in terms of how we should think about the level of investment or harvesting that's going on in the Cable Networks division?
Brian L. Roberts: Steve, you want to take that, or Michael?
Michael J. Angelakis: Why don't I take it? Sorry, Jason. You really can't look at the quarter-by-quarter for the Cable Networks. We've made meaningful investments in Cable Networks, really trying to build each of the franchises and build value for those particular channels. With regards to the first 3 quarters versus the fourth quarter, I really wouldn't focus on 1 quarter. I would really focus on the entire year and how we've invested in new series for different channels and how we've marketed those as well. As we look to 2012, we feel pretty good about what our investment level is. We'll continue to invest in certain areas where there's other channels that we think need some additional help. But it's not going to be material, and I think the cruising altitude that we have for investment in the Cable channels feels about right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I have maybe a clarification and then a separate question. Michael, on the capital returns, I mean obviously, a very solid number for 2012. I think everybody should be happy. But can you clarify your outlook for 2013? If we assume that the balance of the buyback, the $3.5 billion, is 2013, your leverage then goes back to the mid onetime level. So how should we think about that, given your leverage target of 2 to 2.5x?
Michael J. Angelakis: So, Jessica, I really wouldn't look into 2013. I wouldn't look at the $6.5 billion authorization as a marker for 2013. We're very focused on 2012. And as we've said before, we're really looking at a financial strategy for each year separately. So the reason for the $6.5 billion is to provide us with flexibility. We obviously ran out our authorization in the fourth quarter of 2011, and we really want to have as much flexibility as we can. And then we'll obviously sit down with our board at the end of 2012, and we'll look at our financial strategy again with a pretty fresh look on both dividends and buybacks for 2013.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then my question for all. On NBCU, clearly, there's a lot of upside in every division. I was just hoping you could -- Steve, could talk a little bit about where you see the biggest growth opportunities over the next 1 to 3 years. And on the Cable side, can Neil or Brian, anyone discuss what you're seeing in terms of early indications of -- from the Verizon joint venture in terms of marketing? And you mentioned new products. Can you elaborate?
Stephen B. Burke: Jessica, this is Steve. Just to start on NBCUniversal, we obviously think there are a lot of opportunities, but if you look at 2011, that was really a year of integrating the 2 companies, making sure we had the right people in place and starting to invest in some of the businesses that we thought had real opportunity. And our goal for 2011 was to make those investments but not have cash flow go backwards, and we accomplished that goal. As you look out into 2012 and 2013, we're going to start to hopefully see some of the seeds we planted there bear fruit. We think there's real opportunity in Broadcast. We've said the network is going to take us a number of years to turn around. We had a very good week. Last week, The Voice is one of the top shows in America and, we think, is a franchise that we can help rebuild the network on, but that is going to be a multi-year effort. We also think we can see some improvement in Film, where our Film business has not been doing well. We have a very strong slate in 2012. We think our management team in Film is doing a very good job, and the films that we've seen that will be coming out later this year, we're very optimistic about. Cable Networks are extremely strong from really strength to strength. We have 20 cable networks that are all doing quite well, and we look at those being the core of the company. But we have opportunity there as well. So we're very optimistic, but I also want to caution people that we're still in the early innings of the integration process, and I don't want to get ahead of ourselves in terms of how fast some of these opportunities are going to be realized.
Neil Smit: Concerning the Verizon Wireless rollout, we've rolled out to 4 markets now. We're pleased with the results. We're learning. We're working together. They've been great partners. I think on that front, it's probably early to tell. Concerning new products, in addition to Verizon Wireless, we've got XFINITY Home, our Home Security product, which is going very well and we're rolling out to more markets; Signature Support, which is a higher-end service for customers who need more help; Wi-Fi was already mentioned when I responded to Craig's question; and then our Xcalibur product, our high-end video product which we're branding X1. So those are examples of a number of different products we're rolling out right now.
Brian L. Roberts: More On Demand and more -- the Disney agreement, with other agreements we've got in place and things that we're working on, I think TV Everywhere, whatever you want to brand it, we call it XFINITY, obviously, is you're going to see a lot of progress in 2012 on getting more content available to consumers on more devices than in any year in the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Hodulik with UBS.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two real quick ones. Maybe first for Neil. Obviously, I think the few Video losses for the fourth quarter's a sort of great harbinger of things to come. I mean, you typically see about 100,000 improvements sequentially in the first quarter, suggesting we're sort of getting to the point where, looking out into 2012 here, you could see potentially subscriber growth, if you could just sort of comment on that. And then maybe for Michael, the $6.5 billion buyback, you're -- just from your answer to Jessica's question. A quick follow-up would be, how did the SpectrumCo cash factor into that? I mean obviously, you could see another $2 billion in cash come by the end of the year. Could that potentially boost 2012 buyback? Or is that why you did the bigger authorization, or is that something that's going to factor into the numbers as we look into 2013?
Neil Smit: John, it's Neil. On the sub-growth question, I mean, as I said earlier, I think we're focused on product innovation and better customer service. I don't think we'll see growth in the first quarter, the quarter where we're taking rate increases, but we're going to stay focused on our priorities, which is really delivering more value to the customers. Michael?
Michael J. Angelakis: Sure. With regards to SpectrumCo and the sale of the Spectrum, it's not incorporated in our financial strategy for 2012. Just want to make that clear. Obviously, we have to close the transaction, which our best guess is in the latter part of the year. So we will utilize that SpectrumCo cash as we think about and evaluate our 2013 return-to-capital strategy. Also, I just want to make sure the $2.3 billion is a pretax number. We have a gain that we have on that. But really, when we think about SpectrumCo, first is let's get the transaction closed. Given what we think the timing of it will be, it will probably be in our 2013 evaluation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Armstrong with Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe just a follow-up on capital allocation. As we thought about sort of the pacing through last year, the excess cash was devoted towards taking down debt as opposed to refinancing. Is that still sort of the framework to use for 2012? And then question on the programming cost outlook and just maybe some more granularity on the contributors to 2012 being at the higher end of the historical range.
Michael J. Angelakis: Why don't I take the first one on capital allocation? The reality is there's really not going to be that much excess cash. When you think about NBCUniversal's free cash flow, 100% of that is really dedicated to, I would say, sort of indirect equity redemption over time with General Electric. And then when you think about Cable free cash flow, about 90%-plus of that will go to the buyback and the dividend. Obviously, we also have some taxes to pay related to the reversal of the benefits of the economic stimulus. So over time, our view is for 2012, we've got our balance sheet kind of where we want it to be, but there's not going to be really excess liquidity I think is a term you utilized.
Neil Smit: Jason, this is Neil. Concerning the programming increases. I mean, the rates really fluctuate based on renewals an roll-offs. We project for 2012 increases to be in the mid- to high single-digits, probably at the higher end of that range. I think we're getting longer terms and more flexibility in our contracts to deliver what Brian mentioned earlier, which is more content across more devices. I think it's important to note that we've grown Video gross margin dollars on a per-sub basis as we've upgraded to higher levels of service and advanced services. So we're very focused on the business, and we really want to deliver more value to our customers by getting more flexibility in the rights.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A question for Michael or Neil on Cable margins for the year. Given the balance of innovation and investment against efficiency, should we think about the positive impact of political advertising offsetting the faster programming cost growth that's potentially in 2012, so maybe flattish overall Cable margins? And then I did want to follow up on Craig and John's question. I'm not sure in the answer to John's question you said this or not, Neil, but is 1Q '12 sort of for sub growth starting the way 4Q and 2011 ended, if that's a fair question?
Neil Smit: I'll take the sub number, then I'll turn it over to Michael for the margin number. I mean, I think the way I described the first quarter is the trends that we're seeing seem to be sustainable. We've seen very strong response to our offers and we -- in the customer service and the increased value that we're delivering I think customers have responded well to. We've beefed up our channels, whether it's direct marketing or direct sales, and we're executing, I think, pretty well right now. But I think that while we won't grow, we'll be in a close range is the way I described the first quarter, and we're really focused on execution. Michael?
Michael J. Angelakis: Yes. I'll take Cable margins. I think political advertising in 2012 will obviously help, but it's not really going to move our margins, given the size of political advertising versus the size of the overall business. Obviously, it's a benefit. With regards to 2012, don't want to give guidance, but I think we see a little bit of the same versus 2011 is -- the real headwind is on programming costs which you mentioned, but we're going to have some benefits related primarily to product mix. As you can see with high-speed data and with Voice and with Business Services, those are growing really nicely and accretive to margins. So I don't want to give any predictions on margin, but I think stable is a pretty good way to think about it.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I have 2 and I wanted to come back to the Video business. Brian, maybe you or maybe Neil can comment on X1 or the Xcalibur rollout and put it into context for us. It seems like if you look back over the last 2 years, you've had some major innovations, like DOCSIS 3, Project Infinity, All-Digital. Where does X1 fit into all that? How much of the sort of an experience changer is this for the customer in 2012? How broad do you deploy it? And related to that, I want to just ask about the CapEx outlook maybe for Michael. Intangibles were up in the 2011 year. I think you had about $1 billion, and that might be related to software on the X1 platform. Does your comment about flat CapEx to sales in '12 include intangibles? Does that move that comment around at all? Just want to get a clarification there.
Brian L. Roberts: Okay, Ben, this is Brian. Let me maybe start, and, Neil, if you want, feel free, or Michael can answer that second question. My view is that in 2012, X1 is a beginning of a new way of communicating with the television device which is coming from the cloud, not solely from the box. But it will be in hundreds of thousands of homes. Obviously, that's not tens of millions -- that's not the big number for us. It will be in multiple markets, and we will be stable, and it will radically improve the experience, in my opinion, over time. But more importantly, it is creating the unlocking mechanism to future innovation, which will then reside on the best servers in the cloud that can be upgraded, state-of-the-art, without having to ever come back to your house and can be done quickly, not over years, but over weeks and months. Those UI changes and other things that we want to do as we create better search products and we have the need with more On Demand. And so I think it's got the same kind of long-term strategic implications that some of those other products you've mentioned. In 2012, it's really getting it commercialized in a number of key markets. Another part of the strategy is -- that this accomplishes, is the beginning of allowing us to get on to other devices. We obviously are not operating in a vacuum, and we are very cognizant of the exciting changes in the consumer electronics space. And we want to position our company to take advantage of the innovation, not trying to necessarily fight it and want to make it as simple for our customers as possible, so we have an agreement with Xbox. We're working with Samsung. We'll be working with others throughout the year, and I think our Comcast technology group is doing a super job of changing the way we historically look at how we deliver our products to consumers. And so getting things into the cloud out of the cable box will have broad implications over time, and 2012 is a year to make it happen and get it started.
Michael J. Angelakis: So why don't I take the CapEx and software intangibles question? With regards to Cable CapEx, as I said in the remarks, Ben, I think that you'll see some trending downward in terms of intensity as a percentage of Cable revenue. So the team's done a phenomenal job of managing that. We're investing for growth in a lot of that, as Brian and Neil have mentioned on this call. So I really look at CapEx as trending slightly downward as a percentage of revenue and bringing that intensity a bit down. With regards to software and intangibles, one of the reasons for the increase is, obviously, NBCU now has added to that number and that free cash flow. But you've got to really look at 2 of them combined. As we've talked about and Brian mentioned just now, the Cable business is spending more on the software and areas in the cloud. That's an important investment for us. It allows Neil's team to really increase the speed of innovation, and I think we've got a pretty good number of what we're spending. That's a pretty stable number, sort of in the range. Also, NBCUniversal has been spending a bit on software and intangibles, and that's one of the reasons for the increase. So I think the number for all of 2011 that's in our press release is $954 million. I don't want to get too specific, but that's in the range.
Operator: The next question comes from James Ratcliffe with Barclays Capital.
James M. Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Two quick ones, if I could, on the Cable business. First of all, can you talk a little bit about the relative performance you're seeing on HSI and areas where there -- you face fiber, quasi-fiber competition versus areas where you're going up against standard DSL? And secondly, I know it's early, but any reads or takeaways thus far from the My TV Choice deployments in terms of customer interest and where those customers are coming from?
Neil Smit: James, this is Neil. I think generally speaking, we've performed much better in the DSL markets, and I think that's due to the billions of dollars of investment we've made in the plant. Capacity, we continue to increase, and we just got a -- what we feel is a better product versus DSL. I think generally speaking, in the fiber markets, we're competing well. They're aggressive competitors, as are we, and I think the bundle is a real value proposition. Concerning your second question, My TV Choice, we continue to look at packaging possibilities, and My TV Choice has been a -- we've discovered a lot and learned a lot from that rollout, and we'll continue to experiment. I think that we will look at how we can get more flexibility in packaging and delivering the right package to the right consumers, and that will be a component in that for this year.
Operator: The next question comes from Stefan Anninger with Crdit Suisse.
Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Could you comment on how you might evaluate the opportunity to buy out the portion of NBC you don't own today? Of course, your ability to buy out the entire stake in the near term will depend on what GE might decide to do. But assuming that GE would opt to redeem half its stake in 2014, maybe you could discuss how you would think about the opportunity, and would it simply depend on the price of the last, let's say, 25% of the JV you would purchase? Or is there more at work there?
Michael J. Angelakis: Stefan, it's Michael. We're still pretty early days into this. We've owned NBCUniversal now for just over a year. We have really 2.5 years left before we would have to have that discussion, so obviously, we'll learn a lot more then. So we gave a lot of thought to how we structured the transaction with GE. We want to make sure that we retained our flexibility on our capital structure. We want to make sure we retained our flexibility on return of capital. We have, in our view, a pretty attractive carried interest. So I think we are very pleased with how NBCUniversal is performing and also the structure that we put in place with GE. So I really wouldn't want to front-run that. I think that we have to make a decision in a couple of years or 2.5 years, and then we'll revisit it then, and then we'll revisit it again in 6 years. So there's a long, long road here, and for us to alter the structure, I just don't see it right now.
Operator: The last question comes from Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Neil, I just want to get a better understanding of your subscriber performance in the quarter. Do you feel that Comcast is gaining market share? Or is the entire pay-TV sector healthier? And then a follow-up to this. I know in the prepared remarks, there was mention of better churn. I'm just curious if the gross-adds part of the equation is also trending better.
Neil Smit: Marci, I'll answer those in reverse. We had -- churn did improve for each of the 4 quarters on the year, and I think that was due to a few factors. One is, I think the field teams are just executing better on customer service, and they've done a nice job there. And I think that we've built up our retention focus as a channel. And so we're more focused on the offers and the destination pricing for customers who want to churn and for different reasons. I think concerning the -- whether we're gaining market share or not, I mean if we're losing subs, we're not gaining market share, and we don't like to lose subs. So our objective is to grow the business, and I think it's primarily due to the -- we're staying very focused on delivering more value, as Brian mentioned. And the second thing is we're just going to continue to improve customer service. I think we've built the foundation of it, and now we've got to continue to transform it. So I think we're going to continue to drive the business. We're very focused, and I think the teams are executing well. And that will be our focus going forward.
Brian L. Roberts: I just want to just add, Marci, that -- and maybe end the call on this thought, which is, Neil, I think a big part of it is your leadership -- I think the entire Cable team had an outstanding 2011, and part of it is the scale that we have, the ability to make the investments several years ago that are paying dividends now to try to have leading products that perhaps not everybody has. And so I begin -- I think this is several quarters in a row where we're trying to make that XFINITY experience the best in the market. And we may not get back to full growth on Video for a while, because we don't see housing growth at the moment, but someday, that's going to happen. But more importantly, I think this is just terrific execution by the Cable team and sets us up for 2012.
Marlene S. Dooner: Thank you all for joining us this morning.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. It will run through Wednesday, February 22 at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is (855) 859-2056, and the conference ID number is 40671374. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 p.m. today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marlene S. Dooner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Stephen B. Burke - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer of NBCUniversal Holdings & NBCUniversal and President of NBCUniversal Holdings & NBCUniversal Neil Smit - Executive Vice President and President of Comcast Cable Michael J. Angelakis - Chief Financial officer and Executive Vice President Brian L. Roberts - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of Comcast Holdings Corporation
Analysts: Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division James M. Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital, Research Division Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Thomas W. Eagan - Collins Stewart LLC, Research Division Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Frank G. Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner.
Marlene S. Dooner: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to our third quarter earnings call. Joining me on the call are Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Steve Burke and Neil Smit. As we have done in the past, Brian and Michael will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A.  With the completion of the Universal Orlando transaction on July 1, we're now consolidating its results and have updated our pro forma presentation to include 100% of Orlando, as if that transaction was effective on January 1, 2010. Please refer to our trending schedules, which are available on our Investor Relations website to see the updated pro forma results for the past 7 quarters. We have also added D&A and operating income by segment to the trending schedules. As always, let me refer you to Slide #2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.  With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts: Thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'm pleased to report another quarter of strong performance across key financial, operating and product areas. Our primary focus has been on great operational execution and on extending our industry leadership. Let's begin with Cable, which really had an outstanding quarter, making this the fourth consecutive quarter of improving customer metrics. Our combined video, voice and data customer additions increased 13%. In addition to customer growth in high-Speed Internet and voice, we saw a continuing improvement in video, where we reduced our customer losses by 110,000 over last year's third quarter.  High-speed Internet was, once again, the largest contributor to Cable's revenue growth. Every quarter this year, we've added more high-speed Internet customers than in the same quarter of 2010, and we continue to take share as we expand the differentiation between our high-speed service and DSL.  Business services is also becoming a significant driver of our growth, as annualized revenue approaching $2 billion and 39% growth in the quarter. I'm excited about the prospects for this business, which continues to post strong results on the small end of the market and has a big opportunity still ahead with the midsized businesses.  We are making significant progress in delivering a better service experience for our customers, with higher customer retention and service scores and increasing customer satisfaction.  We recognize that we still have work to do, but I am really encouraged by the focus that Neil and the whole Cable team have on delivering the best customer experience and by our consistent steps forward in this effort.  At the same time, we are driving product leadership in innovation. A couple of years ago, we decided to invest in DOCSIS 3.0 and to convert the majority of our analog bandwidth to digital. I'm happy to say that we have completed DOCSIS 3.0 and All-Digital projects, and the results are fantastic. In fact, I really believe that it is a significant contributor to our strong results. We are now delivering more high def and foreign-language programming and have assembled the best collection of On Demand content anywhere, including over 30,000 choices on TV; 200,000 choices online; and 7,000 hours available on our XFINITY app. Today, more than 90% of all the major broadcast networks' fall TV series are available on XFINITY On Demand or xfinityTV.com.  We're also making it easier for our customers to search, discover and access all this great content. We're expanding availability of On Demand to the Xbox, and we recently relaunched xfinityTV.com with better personalization and recommendations, and we continue to enhance our guides across all our platforms.  We're seeing early success from our latest new product, Xfinity Signature Support or expanding businesses like XFINITY Home Security. We're also working on the next round of exciting new products like next-gen TV, dynamic ad insertion and more. It's really an exciting time.  I think Cable's results so far this year showed that our scale, our XFINITY brand and our intensified focus on service and innovation are coming together to make a real difference. Our Cable business is in terrific shape today and in a very solid position for the future. Let me now switch to NBCUniversal, where we continue to make progress toward a successful integration and our goal of long-term growth in the value of these assets. NBCUniversal's results this quarter, once again, underscored the strength of the core Cable Networks business, as well as terrific momentum at the Theme Parks.  As you know, Cable Networks drive the profitably of NBCUniversal, and they continue to perform well with consistently strong revenue growth. We are investing in programming to make them even more valuable for our customers and distributors, and the good news is that we're already starting to see the benefits of our investments.  For example, this summer, USA had 7 of the top 10 scripted series on basic Cable, and E! had the highest rated September in its history. The Theme Parks, the Harry Potter and King Kong attractions, have set new levels of performance, and we're excited to see that continued in the third quarter. As you know, NBCUniversal now owns 100% of Universal Orlando, and we see real opportunities to further build the Theme Parks business.  At the same time, Telemundo just won the exclusive U.S. Spanish-language rights to the FIFA World Cup soccer from 2015 to 2022. This agreement includes both the men's and women's World Cups, 2 World Cups each, hundreds of matches and many other FIFA soccer events for 8 years. It includes all platforms, so we will cover and cross-promote games and events across our various channels on broadcast and cable, as well as online, wireless and On Demand. This investment should be profitable for Telemundo, a real game changer for that business and opportunity for our company. We feel we are making real progress in all fronts and that our disciplined investment approach is yielding positive results. Overall, I'm really pleased with this quarter's results, including over $900 million of capital returned to shareholders. I believe the stability of our businesses and free cash flow generation will allow us to continue to build value and consistently return capital to shareholders.  Let me now pass to Mike Angelakis to cover the third quarter results in greater detail.
Michael J. Angelakis: Thank you, Brian. Let me begin by reviewing our consolidated financial results starting on Slide 4. Overall, we are very pleased with third quarter results. Third quarter consolidated revenue increased 51.1% to $14.3 billion, and consolidated operating cash flow grew 27.8% to $4.6 billion, reflecting strong organic growth in our Cable business, as well as consolidating the acquisitions of NBCUniversal on January 28 and the remaining 50% of Universal Orlando on July 1.  Free cash flow for the quarter, which excludes the impact of the economic stimulus, increased 36% to $1.4 billion, primarily reflecting growth in operating cash flow, that was partially offset by an increase in working capital. In addition, third quarter free cash flow per share increased 39% to $0.50 per share.  Earnings per share in the third quarter grew 6.5% to $0.33 per share from $0.31 per share last year. This quarter's EPS growth was negatively impacted by a $256 million or $0.05 per share decline in investment income that was primarily driven by noncash mark-to-market adjustments in our investment portfolio.  Please refer to Slide 5. As I have mentioned previously, we view Comcast and NBCUniversal as 2 distinct pools of cash flow generation and funding capacity. As you can see on this slide, year-to-date we generated $5.1 billion of total free cash flow. In Comcast, which includes Cable Communications and Corporate and Other, accounted for just over $4 billion or 78% of total free cash flow, while NBCUniversal contributed $1.1 billion of free cash flow.  In terms of capital allocation, our priority for both Comcast and NBCUniversal is to generate strong returns by investing in their core businesses. Beyond this investment, NBCUniversal retains its free cash flow to fund future equity redemptions, while Comcast allocates the majority of its free cash flow to consistently return capital to shareholders.  As Brian mentioned, in the third quarter, we returned $909 million, including share repurchases totaling $600 million and dividend payments totaling $309 million. Year-to-date, we have returned $2.5 billion or 63% of Comcast Cable's free cash flow to shareholders.  We continue to execute on our financial plan for 2011. We expect to complete our existing share repurchase authorization by year-end. Our return of capital plan for 2012 will be reviewed by management and our board in the next few months, and we'll provide an update for 2012 on our year-end earnings call in February. Please refer to Slide 6 in order to review our pro forma results. This slide represents the pro forma results of our Cable Communications and NBCUniversal businesses, just how we evaluate the performance of our organization and segments. We believe the pro forma presentation provides a more meaningful comparison of the operating performance of the businesses.  In the third quarter, consolidated revenue increased 4.9% to $14.3 billion, and consolidated adjusted operating cash flow increased 5% to $4.7 billion. Please note that the adjustment to operating cash flow excludes $82 million of noncash acquisition-related accounting revisions and costs. In the third quarter, Cable Communications revenue increased 5%, represented 65% of consolidated revenue, while Cable operating cash flow grew 6.7% and represented 80% of consolidated operating cash flow. I will review our Cable results in more detail in the next few slides, but let me first briefly review NBCUniversal's results. Third quarter NBCUniversal revenue increased 4.6%, and adjusted operating cash flow decreased 1.4%, reflecting strong results at Cable Networks and Parks, offset by weaker performance at Broadcast and Film.  The Cable Networks generated revenue of $2.1 billion in the third quarter, an increase of 12%, primarily driven by a 10% increase in distribution revenue and a 9.5% increase in advertising revenue reflecting the continued strength of our Cable network franchises. Other revenue increased 37% or $54 million, primarily due to increased volume of our Cable production studio for both NBCUniversal and third-party cable networks. Third quarter Cable Networks adjusted operating cash flow increased 8.5%, reflecting the strong top line growth, partially offset by our ongoing investment in original programming. Year-to-date, Cable Networks revenue has increased 12.6% to $6.3 billion, and adjusted operating cash flow has increased 7.6% to $2.5 billion. We have terrific momentum at USA, which continues to be the highest rated basic cable network, driven by the success of its original programming. We're applying the same successful formula to some of our other entertainment channels like Style, which launched several new shows driving a more than 90% increase in its key demographic during the third quarter.  We have a great portfolio of channels with a good mix of established and emerging networks. And with the appropriate investment and cross-promotion, we are confident we can continue to generate strong results. Moving to our Broadcast group. Third quarter Broadcast Television revenue increased 2.9% to $1.5 billion, primarily reflecting flat advertising revenue and higher content licensing revenue from the international TV production, including Downtown Abbey and domestic syndication of 30 Rock.  This quarter's flat advertising revenue growth reflects higher pricing that was partially offset by weaker prime time ratings in NBC, as well as lower political advertising on our own TV stations. Similar to our local cable advertising business of Spotlight, political advertising comparisons will be a bit more difficult in the fourth quarter, as the NBC local stations generated $50 million of political advertising in the fourth quarter of 2010. Third quarter Broadcast adjusted operating cash flow decreased to $17 million from $70 million in 2010, reflecting increased programming and marketing costs associated with the NBC prime time schedule, higher news coverage costs and increased investment at our local TV stations during the quarter. Year-to-date, Broadcast revenue has increased 8.7% to $4.6 billion, and adjusted operating cash flow has decreased 1.1% to $283 million, excluding the impact of the Olympics in 2010's results. Moving on to Film. Filmed Entertainment revenue declined 7.8% to $1.1 billion this quarter principally due to lower theatrical revenue from this quarter's releases compared to the success of Despicable Me in the third quarter of 2010. Home entertainment revenue increased 20% this quarter, driven by the success of Bridesmaids and the international DVD release of Fast Five.  Film adjusted operating cash flow decreased to $18 million compared to $66 million in the third quarter of 2010, mostly reflecting this quarter's weak box office results. Year-to-date, Film revenue has increased 1.2% to $3.3 billion, and adjusted operating cash flow has declined $139 million to a loss of $81 million. With the consolidation of 100% of Universal Orlando, we reported $580 million of revenue at the Theme Park group, a 9% increase that was driven by double-digit increases in per capita spending and relatively stable attendance at both parks. Third quarter operating cash flow increased 12.6% to $285 million compared to $252 million in the same period last year. Year-to-date, Theme Parks revenue has increased 32.9% to $1.5 billion, and adjusted operating cash flow has increased 61.2% to $644 million.  Please refer to Slide 7 to review Cable Communications results. We had another strong quarter of financial and customer growth in our Cable segment, as we continue to successfully balance unit and ARPU growth. For the third quarter, Cable Communications revenue increased 5% to $9.3 billion, reflected solid performance in our recurring Residential business and continued strength in business services, partially offset by lower advertising revenue. Year-to-date, our Cable segment's revenue has increased 5.5% to $27.8 billion.  The Cable business continues to perform well, as we are managing the business for sustainable and profitable growth. In the third quarter, total revenue per video customer increased 8% to $139 per month, reflecting an increasing number of residential customers taking multiple products and a higher contribution from Comcast business services, partially offset by lower advertising revenue. We continue to focus on providing multiple services to our customers. At the end of the third quarter, 70% of our video customers took at least 2 products and 36% took all 3 services.  We had a strong back-to-school season during the third quarter, driving 229,000 total video, high-speed Internet and voice customer additions, a 13% increase in net additions versus a year ago and marking the fourth consecutive quarter of improved year-over-year total customer growth. We are competing better with improved products, and our focused on retention and customer service has again resulted in lower churn year-over-year across all of our services.  As we look at the residential service categories, third quarter video revenue increased 1.1%, reflecting rate adjustments and an increasing number of customers taking higher levels of digital and advanced services. In the third quarter, we lost 165,000 video subscribers, a 40% improvement over the third quarter of 2010. In addition, we added 126,000 high def and/or DVR customers in the third quarter and now have 10.6 million HD or DVR customers, equal to 53% of our digital customer base.  High-speed Internet revenue increased 9.8% during the quarter, reflecting rate adjustments, continued growth in our customer base and increasing number of customers taking higher-speed services. Today, over 24% of our residential HSD customers take a higher-speed tier above our primary service. Our HSD service is capturing more market share, as we continue to differentiate our product through service and speed enhancements. In the third quarter, we added 261,000 new High-speed Data customers compared to 249,000 last year, and our penetration is now 34% of homes passed.  Voice revenue increased 6.3% for the quarter, reflecting continued growth in our customer base. In the third quarter, we added 133,000 voice customers, and our penetration is now 18% of homes passed.  Business services also continues to be a significant contributor to our performance, with revenue increasing 39.4% in the quarter to $464 million. Our momentum continues to be strong on the small end of the market, and we now have Metro-E and PRI trunked voice available in all our markets and are just beginning to execute on the midsize market opportunity.  In the third quarter, cable advertising revenue decreased 4%. However, this decrease was impacted by a decline in political revenue. Excluding this political revenue, cable advertising increased 3.1%. As a reminder, we generated $100 million of political ad revenue in the fourth quarter of 2010, which, as I said before, will make comparisons a bit more challenging next quarter. In the third quarter, total Cable revenue, excluding advertising, increased 5.6%, which is consistent with the first half of the year. Please refer to Slide 8. Third quarter Cable Communications operating cash flow increased 6.7% to $3.7 billion, resulting in a margin of 39.8%, a 60 basis point improvement compared to last year's third quarter.  Year-to-date, our Cable segment's operating cash flow has increased 7.1% to $11.3 billion, resulting in a margin of 40.9%, also a 60 basis point improvement compared to the same period in 2010. In the third quarter, total expenses in Cable increased 3.9%, reflecting a 6.4% increase in video program expense, as well as increased marketing spend. Sales and marketing expenses increased 10.7% this quarter, as a result of higher overall media spend and a continued investment in direct sales to more effectively target customers and enhance our competitive position. Our marketing investment is clearly yielding positive results.  Our XFINITY brand is now launched in 100% of our footprint, and we've seen consideration levels among non-customers, that is potential customers willing to evaluate and consider our brand for purchase, grow by over 47% since the launch of XFINITY. In addition, we continue to invest to expand the capabilities of business services, including the hiring of over 600 people in the last 12 months to support our growth in small business and our entry into the midsize market. We remain very focused on expense management, driving greater efficiencies and effectiveness throughout the organization.  Similar to prior quarters, ad expense improved as we continue to improve our retention, collection and screening processes. In addition, meaningful improvements in our operating metrics are not only assisting to improve our customers' experience, but are also driving operating efficiencies throughout the business.  In the third quarter, even as we incurred incremental costs and activity levels from Hurricane Irene and a strong back-to-school season, customer service expense was flat compared to last year, and technical labor expenses declined by 1%. Please refer to Slide 9 to review our Cable Communications capital expenditures.  Through improved efficiencies, we continue to reduce the capital intensity of our Cable business. In the third quarter, Cable capital expenditures decreased 4.9% to $1.3 billion, representing 13.4% of revenue. This quarter's decline reflects lower spending on CPE, primarily driven by more favorable pricing.  In the third quarter, we deployed 479,000 advanced HD and/or DVR set-top boxes. And as I mentioned earlier, 53% of our digital video customers now take an advanced service. Also during the quarter, we deployed 1.3 million digital adapters, for a total of 21.9 million digital adapters deployed since the inception of the All-Digital project, which, as Brian mentioned, is now complete. This has been a terrific initiative that has provided significant product enhancements and operational benefits, as well as generating strong financial returns.  Over the past year, we've begun to recapture the remaining B1 analog bandwidth in a number of our markets. We plan to continue this effort as we anticipate additional operating efficiencies and strategic benefits from fully digitizing our systems. Third quarter CapEx also reflects meaningful investments to support the continued growth in business services and to expand our efforts in the midsize business area. Our investment in business services increased 15% to $147 million in the third quarter, and year-to-date has increased 35% to $453 million.  Year-to-date, total Cable capital expenditures has increased 4.1% to $3.5 billion, equal to 12.6% of revenue. We are executing well on our 2011 capital plan and believe our capital intensity can continue to moderate even as we invest capital in areas that provide attractive returns, expand our service and product offerings and drive future organic growth.  So as we review the performance for the third quarter and year-to-date, we feel very good about our operating momentum and focus on execution. Our Cable Communications business continues to perform well and deliver strong operational and financial results. Also in the 9 months, we are pleased with the progress at NBCUniversal and look forward to executing on the opportunities ahead of us.  Now let me turn the call to Marlene for Q&A.
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks, Michael. Operator, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi.
Jason B. Bazinet - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I just have a question for Mr. Smit. Over the past few quarters, we've seen your data net adds accelerate on a year-over-year basis, and the phone numbers net adds decelerate. I was just wondering. Is that a function of overt changes on your part in terms of marketing spend and product positioning or would you describe that as something organic that's just happening in the marketplace?
Neil Smit: Well, I think it's a little bit of both, Jason. HSI continues to grow, and we're over indexing versus last year, and I think that's primarily organic and that we have a superior product. With regards to the phone product, CDV, that has -- we did a really strong back-to-school campaign, and we're refocused more on single and double products, and we were less focused on Triple Play, and I think it showed in the video and the HSD results. As we were still indexing, if you look at year-to-date, 80% versus last year. So the indexing is still in line, and as we go into the fourth quarter, we'll return more to our normal marketing program, which is primarily focused on Triple Play.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Here's my really long one question. In SME, the growth was excellent, but it's a little bit slower. and I'm wondering if you could just talk about what's actually going on there because CapEx was lower as well. Over the last few quarters, it's slowed down. And can you give us the margin in that business? And then, Mike, on the buyback, I know you said you're going to address the buyback in the next few months. But with only $490 million less, it looks like you're going to run through the buyback before year-end. And I'm just wondering if you could say anything about the timing. And then finally, could you give us any color on advertising in Cable and broadcasting for the fourth quarter?
Michael J. Angelakis: Okay, we have 3 questions there, Jessica. On the SME side, actually I wouldn't read anything into that at all. It's going at 39% for the quarter, obviously a bit higher for the year but that included some of the comps from last year where we had the acquisition of CIMCO and NGT. So that business has great momentum, and we're excited about it and investing in it. And that's particularly on the small part. On the medium side, we continue to invest pretty heavily as well. With regards to margin, it is an accretive margin. I've said publicly that the small side of that business right now has accretive margins for us, and we're very pleased with how that business is being managed. You're right on the buyback. We'll exhaust the authorization by the end of the year. We have just under $500 million left. So we will go through that by year-end. And then as I've mentioned before, we will sit down with our board and go through what we think the appropriate buyback and dividend will be for 2012. We feel good about that as well. You want to -- who wants to hit the advertising side? Steve?
Stephen B. Burke: Advertising business continues to be strong, stronger on the national side than the local side but continues to be strong. We're 90% sold out for the Super Bowl. We're seeing lots of demand for all sorts of cable and broadcast advertising, so that still continues to be a bright spot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Armstrong with Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe just one question on the NBC side. You called out earlier this year a couple of hundred million in additional investment. There is news last week around major investments in NBC-owned stations. I'm wondering should we be thinking here about another round of additional investing and anything you'd sort of call out around that.
Brian L. Roberts: The short answer on the owned stations side is, it's not a lot of money, and some of that money will come back. We've actually got some nice ratings momentum in some of the markets, including New York City. But the numbers are not big. I think the total investment we're talking about in terms of incremental head is in the $20 million, $30 million a year range.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A question for Neil. Can you just update us a bit on where we are with Xcalibur and what we'll see in the next quarter from Xcalibur rollouts, particularly with the new interface and how you're positioning it? Because it requires a new set-top box, as I understand it, will it be positioned as a premium service and pricing and what have you?
Neil Smit: Craig, so as you know, Xcalibur is our next-gen IP service, and it provides a better UI and access to a lot of different interactive services. We're testing down in Augusta right now, and we've been very pleased with the test results. I think in terms of rollout, we're currently working on a rollout. We'll go to a major market in the first half of the year, and then we'll be rolling it out on a more widespread basis during the year. And we'll be able to roll out Xcalibur across a variety of platforms including the Parker box that we have in Augusta, additional high-end set-top boxes and other COM devices, customer-owned and maintained devices, such as the Xbox and other devices. So from a positioning perspective, we're not quite clear how we want to position it yet. We're working on that into what customers it'll go and the pricing and whatnot. So that's work in progress.
Brian L. Roberts: One of the most -- it's Brian. One of the most significant aspects that appeals to us, and we're seeing that as we tweak it, is having the guide be on -- in the cloud and being able to move quickly and make changes and tweaks and modifications and create new apps. So we have an app we're testing. For instance, we saw yesterday within the sports area where you get just instant access to all the various games on television, and you know what's happening right now and you can change or just get updates or little video snippets, variety of things that also work on the iPad shortly. And so very, very exciting for the road map of innovation when you move the brains out of the box into the cloud.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas D. Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Brian, you highlighted this is the fourth quarter in a row of subscriber improvements. I think this is the best year-over-year video improvement since 2003, which is remarkable. So my one multipart question here is whether the momentum can continue for fifth quarter and beyond. And so Neil, on your side, are the biggest improvements behind us because you leveraged All-Digital? And specifically, what are you seeing in the December quarter so far? And then Michael, sort of same concept. You've had terrific margin expansion this year. Is that something that can continue? Or are we sort of rebased going to All-Digital
Neil Smit: Doug, from a video perspective, we've been pleased with the results. I think it's based on a number of different factors. One is, I think, we're competing with better products. When the platforms were extended, with DOCSIS and All-Digital and CCDN, we're able to have better content, more content, better guides and XFINITY TV apps, which has now been downloaded 3.3 million times, as Brian mentioned. I think we're improving our customer service from both the reliability and convenience perspective. We're offering more customer service features online, for example. I think we've improved our retention and our focus there. We're doing better customer roll-offs, and I've been really proud of our field teams and how they're servicing the customer better. And I think our marketing investments have paid off. We increased marketing this quarter. It was very targeted, and the XFINITY brand is now taking stronghold. Non-customer consideration is up over 45%. So I believe that a lot of those investments are sustainable as it pertains to the actual subs themselves. We're pleased with the initial results. It's very early in the quarter to tell, but we'll keep focusing on it and offering new products and services on our video business.
Michael J. Angelakis: I'll take the margin question, Doug. The team has done a great job on margin improvement. As you can see, we're up 60 basis points for the quarter, as well as 60 basis points for the year. There's always some positives, some negatives. Some positives are we have improving product mix, which, as I said, business services and High-Speed Data and phone are certainly accretive. We also, as Neil has mentioned, are gaining real efficiencies in the business. So improving customer service in other areas is really actually helping on the operating cost, and that's been great results. We do have some negatives. Programming costs are a challenge. We continue to focus on that. But also we're making some real investment, whether it be marketing, as Neil just mentioned, or new services like we're doing a lot more in the midsize, where we're making some real investment. We're launching security, where we're doing some real investment. We're -- Xcalibur, we just talked about as well. So I feel pretty good about the margin. I think the team's done a great job, and I would look, hopefully, we can keep pretty stable margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS.
John C. Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe a question for Michael. On the -- you had some constructive comments on CapEx. But now at the end of the DOCSIS 3.0 and the All-Digital rollouts, can you shift some CapEx into new priorities? For instance, can you spend more in commercial and induce the growth rates there? And maybe just the benefits you've been seeing in CPE sort of start to flatten out or maybe go away with the rollout of the new boxes with Xcalibur.
Michael J. Angelakis: Well, one thing I want to make perfectly clear -- Neil, can jump in -- is I don't think we are "robbing from Peter to pay Paul" at all. I think we're investing a meaningful amount in new services like business services on the medium side. So I think we're being pretty aggressive with how we're funding those opportunities or security or Xcalibur or other kinds of areas. When you think about CapEx overall, I think, right now, we're just about 12.5% year-to-date with regards to our capital intensity, and I think as we enter the fourth quarter and go into 2012, we have a pretty good shot of bringing that intensity down a bit, while still being pretty aggressive of investing in areas where we think are terrific growth opportunities that have high ROI. So capital has been a focus of ours, and I think the team's done a great job of investing smartly in -- DOCSIS 3.0 and the All-Digital project are just great examples of terrific investments for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just one clarification and an actual question. Michael, on the accounting -- acquisition accounting revisions, I know you mentioned those are noncash. Are those just true-ups of purchase price accounting that you have to run through the income statement and then we're sort of done? Or is that something that you think is going to flow through?
Michael J. Angelakis: You're right. It is primarily all purchase price accounting adjustment, so it is noncash. It does go through the P&L. That's one of the reasons why we sort of showed you the adjusted operating cash flow. Because its noncash, it really doesn't impact the year-over-year performance. So we wanted to show you, and you can look at Table 6 in our press release that really articulates what those numbers look like, but -- to give you accurate comparisons. But we're pretty much done with purchase price accounting. So we hopefully won't see anymore meaningful numbers going through the P&L.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stefan Anninger with Credit Suisse.
Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Could you expand a bit on your HSD net adds and what proportion are coming as naked HSD subs versus bundled subs? Would it be fair to assume that naked HSD subs as a proportion of total HSD gross adds is growing? And given that, what are your longer-term plans with respect to pricing and packaging in naked HSD as it gets incrementally tougher to grab share from DSL, as maybe the low hanging fruit within the DSL base goes away?
Neil Smit: Stefan, this is Neil. HSD has been a great product for us, and I think we are successfully targeting DSL homes and taking share there because it is a better product. Our HSD-only subs as a percent of the HSD total are in the range of 10% to 15%. They've grown year-over-year, call it a couple of points. We will continue to offer -- go after that segment, and we'll use it also with an -- we have an HSD leading offer, within it combines HSD with either video or in some cases, phone. And that also has been a successful product for us. We're kind of -- we don't have a predetermined marketing plan. We kind of go with what sells best and what the consumers want, and we'll continue to adjust our pricing and packaging in that way.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Ratcliffe with Barclays Capital.
James M. Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital, Research Division: If you could address My Choice TV a little bit. First of all, what sort of results you've seen in the rollout thus far? And also, what sort of ability do you have to roll it out wider, and what margin impact would that have? Would it be a traditional scenario if the customer doesn't take a bundle of channels he wouldn't be paying programming costs on the channels? Or would that negatively impact margins?
Neil Smit: James, well, as you know, we're always testing new packaging and pricing. My TV Choice being one of the alternatives. We're testing in at about 3 different markets. It's constructed so that you have a get started package with 40 to 50 channels, and then it get started plus that has that, plus sports. And then people can add on $10 theme packs, such as kids or sports or news and entertainment. We've seen -- I think its very early to tell in terms of the test results, and all these things are done within the parameters of our existing programming deals, and I think the concept there was to offer consumers more choice, and I think they're responding well to that, but it's very early to tell.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just have a clarification. I think a question was asked on the $300 million investment in the cable and broadcast nets that you mentioned at the beginning of this year. Are you still comfortable with this level? And can you just talk about your progress with that so far?
Brian L. Roberts: Well, I think we're still sorting through investment opportunities and finding a lot of places where we think the business requires investment. I think what we tried to signal to people is that we thought this would be a flattish year in terms of operating cash flow, and that we would be making those investments in 2011 and 2012. The obvious question is, are you going to make a lot more? I think once you've got yourself at a level where you're making the right amount of investment in certain businesses like prime time and the cable channels, you don't need to exceed that level. So I think we're where we thought we would be. I don't think there's a huge amount of incremental investment in cable and broadcast. But on the other hand, we're still finding areas where we think there are very good ROI, solid investments that we don't want to box ourselves in. It's only been 9 months since we arrived and started making these investments. So I don't think there is a material increase. But on the other hand, when we find something that we think is worth investing in, and I think the World Cup soccer rights for Telemundo were a perfect example. If you're going to be in the business of Hispanic television, there are 2 major players. We have 20% market share, Univision has 80%. The premier property is World Cup soccer, and we think we structured a very attractive long-term deal to get those rights for Telemundo and certainly don't want to box ourselves into not being able to make those investments when they present themselves.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with ISI Group.
Vijay A. Jayant - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A question for Neil. As you've done all these investments on All-Digital and DOCSIS 3.0, can you talk about the evolution of the video plan from an MPEG to an IP network and really the benefits and the costs of doing that and really how long could we see that evolution happen?
Neil Smit: Vijay, well, as you referred to we've extended both All-Digital and DOCSIS 3.0, as well as our CCDN investments, and that's been really positive from both a capacity perspective, as well as the channel perspective. Concerning IP, we currently distribute all of our VOD and our national linear TV in IP over the backbone. We then convert it to MPEG, transport it to our regional hubs so that our services are compatible with the existing deployed set-top boxes. I think the other thing that's happened is all of our back-end systems we've converted to Web services architecture. So we can do things like the iPad app and deploy new apps very quickly and easily. So we've made a lot of currently existing investments. I think over time, using IP, there'll be significant benefits as we gradually migrate customers over the IP platform. It's more efficient, and we can innovate faster, as Brian referred to earlier. So that's the way to think of it. A lot of the investments have been made, and we'll gradually migrate to IP over time. So I think it's a great platform. It's efficient, and it enables us to innovate faster.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Frank Louthan with Raymond James.
Frank G. Louthan - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Can you give us a little more color on the SME part of the business? You said you've increased some of the marketing spend. Was that also in the SME side? And what's the outlook for sales reps that you're hiring for the next 12 months? Are you pretty full there? Or are you looking to expand the sales force?
Stephen B. Burke: Frank, we did spend higher in marketing in the business services side. As Michael referred to with CapEx, where we see growth, we'll invest. And so we were happy to invest more in marketing. The small and medium businesses doing very well, and we're just getting into the midsize business, both with Metro-E and PRI, our hosted voice. From a hiring perspective, we hired up pretty significantly already to service the midsize market. We're seeing revenue, which will become more material in '12 and '13. We'll continue to invest in that growth. We think both markets, the small and medium, as well as the midsize are great opportunities. And we've got a great team there, who's growing the business in good strides. And we continue -- I think we'll continue to see the growth in that business.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Phil Cusick with JPMorgan.
Philip Cusick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about programming costs? We continue to see this rising. You talked about the sort of expecting that to continue from here. But what do you see going forward? Are we sort of moving through this retrans agreements? And is there any change in the direction either up or down over the next sort of year or so?
Stephen B. Burke: Well, I think in the quarter, it's hard to measure quarter-by-quarter as a percentage -- not to measure but to kind of draw a conclusion from that because the contracts are kind of firm in one quarter and begin in another. So I think we will continue to see programming costs rise, as Michael referred to. We're looking at the high single-digit increases, that would be including retrans. And we'll continue to manage them as best we can. I think that overall, our focus is continuing to leverage that programming in the most effective manner we can to offer great services and a great experience to our customers so they don't have to reason to go anywhere else.
Operator: The final question comes from the line of Tom Eagan with Collins Stewart.
Thomas W. Eagan - Collins Stewart LLC, Research Division: I have a question on voice. Given that the lackluster results we've seen from other cable operators, there's been considerable concern about the prospects of this business. I was wondering if you could comment on how you guys determine what the best value is for this business. Is it you keep the price where it is and to maybe grow high subscribers? Or is it something else?
Brian L. Roberts: Well, I think we look at the whole experience for our customers and the best value for our customers. It's always a balance of rate and volume, and that's kind of part of what we do in any subscription business. And we look at how it plays within the overall bundle, which has still been a very effective value proposition as Triple Play churn comes down, so we feel strongly about continuing to offer voice and include that in a package. I think we're going to continue to invest in that product. We'll have some great new features and functionality coming out in the next quarter or 2. So voice will be a mainstay of our offering, and we'll continue to balance rate and volume.
Marlene S. Dooner: Thank you. And thank you, all, for joining us this morning.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. It will run through Wednesday, November 9 at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is (800) 585-8367, as well as (855) 859-2056, and the conference ID number is 12595426. The recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 p.m. today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Angelakis - Chief Financial officer and Executive Vice President Stephen Burke - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer of NBCUniversal Holdings & NBCUniversal and President of NBCUniversal Holdings & NBCUniversal Brian Roberts - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of Comcast Holdings Corporation Neil Smit - Executive Vice President and President of Comcast Cable Marlene Dooner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: John Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank Michael McCormack - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Bryan Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc. Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley James Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter earnings call. Joining me on the call are Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Steve Burke and Neil Smit. As always, let me refer you to Slide #2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.  With that, let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. Today, I'm pleased to report that we achieved strong operating and financial results for the second quarter in Cable and in NBCUniversal. These results demonstrate our operational focus while also speeding up innovation and investing in content to strengthen our brands and our franchises.  So let me begin with Cable. In the second quarter, revenue was up by nearly 6%. Operating cash flow increased by nearly 7%, and Cable generated $1.3 billion of free cash flow. Customer additions for our combined video, voice and data services increased by 18%, continuing the trend of improving year-over-year performance even in a seasonally weak quarter. Our high-speed Internet service was once again one of the real highlights and was the largest contributor to Cable's growth this quarter. The second quarter marks the eighth quarter in a row where we significantly outpaced the net additions of our competitors. This is due to strong execution and expanding differentiation between our high-speed service and DSL.  Business services was another significant contributor to Cable's performance in the second quarter with 42% growth in revenue. This business has solid momentum, and we are continuing to build its capabilities for future growth, including expanding Metro E services to 20 of our major markets. We also made steady improvements in our operating performance metrics, marking another quarter with better customer retention and Service scores and higher customer satisfaction. We have real operational focus and are making our service and the overall XFINITY experience the best in the business. As we continue to use our scale to our advantage, we are delivering new products and faster innovation to our Cable customers.  Our current and future services represent an exciting new product roadmap that includes higher-speed Internet, a growing array of IP and cloud-based applications, new offerings like XFINITY Signature Support and new lines of businesses like home security. And soon working with Skype, we will also begin to offer a new high-definition video calling experience right to your television. What is particularly exciting is the leverage we are gaining from the previous significant investments we made in our network. So it's easier and faster now to drive new technologies and product innovation. I believe all this, together with our initiatives to transform the customer experience, is generating results and helping us make sustainable improvements that will continue to yield benefits.  So let me now switch to NBCUniversal. As you know, our overarching goal for NBC and Universal is to build long-term value. And yes, there'll be some hits and misses and a bit more volatility, but I continue to believe that our timing was just right as we have benefited from a much stronger advertising market since we signed the agreement in your seamless integration, mostly the continuing strength of many of their businesses, particularly the Cable channels with their wonderful brands.  We had a busy quarter. We invested in lots of new shows in both Cable and Broadcast. We extended our NHL rights. We purchased the other 50% of Universal Orlando and brought together all of our company's capabilities in a successful and I think important bid for the Olympics.  Our Olympic rights now stretch over a decade and extend to all technology and media. However, they may change through the year 2020, giving us real opportunity to build out the network and Cable and digital capabilities of NBCUniversal and to make the Olympics profitable for our company over the term of this new agreement.  Even as we invest, NBCUniversal's second quarter financial results highlight the health of its businesses with double-digit revenue growth in each of its segments and 19% operating cash flow growth when you exclude accounting adjustments related to the acquisition. So all in all, I'm very pleased with our financial and operating performance so far this year. We are making real progress on all fronts. We have strong recurring revenue businesses. We're focused on operational excellence, and we have a disciplined investment approach that is yielding positive results and will continue to build value.  With that, let me now pass to Michael to cover the second quarter results in detail.
Michael Angelakis: Thank you, Brian. Let me begin by briefly reviewing our consolidated financial results starting on Slide 4. Overall, we were very pleased with second quarter results. Second quarter consolidated revenue increased 50.5% to $14.3 billion, and consolidated operating cash flow grew 28.5% to $4.8 billion. In addition to revenue and operating cash flow, we remain focused on free cash flow, free cash flow per share and earnings per share as important metrics in evaluating the performance and strength of the company.  In each of these key metrics, our results in the second quarter were very strong. Free cash flow for the quarter, which excludes the impact of the economic stimulus, increased 12.2% to $1.5 billion, primarily reflecting growth in consolidating operating cash flow, partially offset by increases in working capital, cash interest expense and capital expenditures.  Second quarter free cash flow per share increased 12.5% to $0.54 per share. We generated earnings per share of $0.37 for the second quarter. However, excluding NBCUniversal transaction-related costs and $137 million nonrecurring, noncash income tax charge resulting from a state tax law change, earnings per share increased 27.3% to $0.42 per share. Please refer to Table 4 in the press release for more detail on these items.  Let's go to Slide 5. As you know, we view Comcast and NBCUniversal as 2 distinct pools of cash flow generation and funding capacity. Both Comcast and NBCUniversal's first priority is to generate strong returns by reinvesting in their core businesses. Beyond this reinvestment, NBCUniversal retained its free cash flow to fund future equity redemptions by General Electric, while Comcast allocated free cash flow to consistently return capital to shareholders.  As I mentioned before, in the second quarter, our free cash flow increased 12.2% to $1.5 billion. For the first half of the year, we generated $3.7 billion of free cash flow, an increase of 15.4% over the first half of 2010. Year-to-date, free cash flow per share has increased 16.5% to $1.34 per share.  As you can see in this slide in the second quarter, Comcast, which includes both Cable Communications and Corporate and Other, accounted for $1.3 billion or 88% of total free cash flow, and NBCUniversal contribute $175 million. For the first half of 2011, Comcast accounted for $3.1 billion or 84% of total free cash flow, and NBCUniversal contributed $612 million of free cash flow.  In the second quarter, we returned $836 million or 62% of Comcast's free cash flow to our shareholders, including share repurchases, totaling $525 million and dividend payments totaling $311 million. We are executing our 2011 financial plan, including this year's planned completion of our existing share repurchase authorization, which now has $1.1 billion remaining and will be reviewed by our board at year end.  Please refer to Slide 6 for our pro forma results. Now let's take a look at pro forma results of our Cable and NBCUniversal businesses, which is how we evaluate the performance of the organization in the segments. We believe the pro forma presentation provides a more meaningful comparison of the operating performance of the businesses. In the second quarter, consolidated pro forma revenue of $14.3 billion increased 9.4% compared to last year's results, and consolidated pro forma operating cash flow increased 6.7% to $4.8 billion. Included in pro forma operating cash flow for the second quarter, a noncash acquisition-related accounting revisions and costs totaling $131 million, which impact NBCUniversal's Cable Networks, Broadcast and Film results. Excluding these items, consolidated pro forma operating cash flow increased 9.6%.  In the second quarter, pro forma Cable Communications revenue increased 5.6% and represented 65% of consolidated revenue, while pro forma operating cash flow grew 6.8% and represented 81% of consolidated operating cash flow. I will review our Cable results in more detail on the next few slides, but let me now review NBCUniversal's results.  NBCUniversal revenue increased 17.1% with double-digit revenue increases across all 4 segments, and operating cash flow increased 5.2%. Excluding the $131 million of acquisition-related accounting revisions and costs, NBCUniversal operating cash flow increased 18.9% for the quarter. As we review NBCUniversal segments, the Cable Networks generated $2.2 billion in revenue, an increase of 12.6%, driven by a 10% increase in distribution revenue and a 10% increase in advertising revenue. Other revenue increased 44% or $59 million, primarily due to increases in the licensing of own content from the Cable production studio.  Cable Net's second quarter operating cash flow increased to $846 million or 1.1%. Excluding the acquisition-related accounting revisions and costs of $48 million, Cable Net's operating cash flow increased 6.8% as we are reinvesting some of the top line growth in original programming and incur higher marketing expenses to support the recent launches of new series and other new programming across a number of our Cable Networks. As we move to Broadcast, second quarter Broadcast Television revenue increased 18.5% to $1.7 billion, reflecting higher advertising revenue from improved pricing and ratings at the NBC broadcast network, as well as higher content licensing revenue, which includes the immediate recognition of revenue related to prior season and library content being made available under a new licensing agreement.  Broadcast operating cash flow increased 8.8% to $190 million. Excluding the acquisition-related accounting revisions and costs of $56 million, Broadcast operating cash flow increased 40.8%. These results reflect higher revenue, partially offset by increased programming costs associated with a greater number of original primetime series compared to the second quarter of 2010 and higher news coverage costs during the quarter.  With regards to Filmed Entertainment, revenue increased 21% to $1.3 billion this quarter, driven by higher theatrical revenue from the strong box office performance of Fast Five and Bridesmaids, partially offset by lower content licensing from the pay-TV window and lower home entertainment revenue due to a decline in DVD sales.  Film operating cash flow for the quarter was $27 million compared to $4 million in 2010. Excluding acquisition-related accounting revisions and costs of $20 million, OCF was $47 million in the quarter. These results reflect strong theatrical revenue growth, partially offset by higher marketing costs for the second and third quarter film releases. In order to manage our net investment in film production, we are utilizing third-party financing to cover part of the film slates. For example, we own 25% of Cowboys and Aliens, which is coproduced with other studios, and Universal only distributes the film domestically.  Switching to Theme Parks. Both the Orlando and Hollywood parks continue to perform very well. And revenue increased 22.5% to $147 million, reflecting strong attendance and per capita spending at both parks, which are benefiting from the success of The Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Orlando and King Kong in Hollywood.  Second quarter operating cash flow increased to $119 million compared to $46 million for the same period last year. As you know, we now own 100% of the Orlando park as we closed this transaction on July 1. Beginning in the third quarter, we will consolidate 100% of Orlando's results, and we are very pleased with the park's performance, which with the June 30 quarter end, Orlando's last 12 months operating cash flow is $577 million. We have financed this transaction with internal funds and are now refinancing some of Universal Orlando's existing debt facilities to lower interest costs for NBCUniversal.  Please refer to Slide 7 to now review our Cable Communications results. We had another solid quarter of financial and customer growth in our Cable segment. For the second quarter, pro forma Cable Communications revenue increased 5.6% to $9.3 billion, reflecting solid performance in our recurring residential businesses and continued strength in business services, partially offset by a slowdown in Pay-Per-View and advertising revenue.  Cable advertising revenue increased 3.7%, reflecting lower political revenue and a slowdown in foreign automotive advertising, which was caused by a shortfall in auto supplies related to the challenges in Japan. Excluding political revenue, Cable advertising increased 7.5%. As a reminder, we generated over $180 million of political ad revenue in 2010, including $100 million in the fourth quarter, which will continue to impact our sequential growth rates and make comparisons more challenging as the year progresses.  The core Cable business is performing well as we are effectively managing this business for profitable growth. Total revenue per video customer increased 9% to $138 per month in the second quarter, reflecting strong ARPU management and higher contribution from Comcast Business Services and an increasing number of residential customers taking multiple products.  Despite the typical seasonality in our Cable markets in the second quarter, we added 99,000 total video, high-speed Internet and voice customers equal to an 18.2% increase from last year's second quarter. We are competing better with improved products and our focus on retention and customer service has continued to reduce churn for all of our services.  As we look at the individual service categories, second quarter video revenue increased 1.3%, reflecting great adjustment in about 2/3 of our systems year-to-date and an increasing number of customers taking higher levels of digital and advanced services, partially offset by lower pay-per-view revenue and video customer losses. In the second quarter, we lost 238,000 video customers, a 10% improvement over the second quarter of 2010 despite seasonal weakness in a competitive footprint that has grown by over 1.5 million homes.  High-speed Internet revenue increased 10.3% during the quarter, reflecting rate adjustments, continued growth in our customer base and an increasing number of our customers taking higher-speed services. Today, 24% of our residential high-speed Internet customers take the higher-speed tiers. As we continue to differentiate our products through service and speed enhancements, our high-speed Internet services is capturing market share. In the second quarter, we added 144,000 new high-speed Internet customers, and our penetration is now at 34% of our homes passed. Voice revenue increased 7% for the quarter, reflecting continued success with our Triple Play offering. In the second quarter, we added 193,000 voice customers as the value and benefits of our Triple Play is recognized. We continue to focus on providing multiple services to our customers. And at the end of the second quarter, 35% of our video customers took all 3 services compared to 31% at the end of last year's second quarter.  As I mentioned previously, we continue to see real momentum and opportunity in business services with revenue increasing 41.7% in the quarter to $435 million in accretive margins.  Please refer to Slide 8 to review pro forma Cable Communications operating cash flow. Second quarter pro forma Cable Communications operating cash flow increased 6.8% to $3.9 billion, resulting in a margin of 41.6%, a 40 basis point improvement compared to last year's second quarter. For the first half of 2011, Cable operating cash flow increased 7.2% to $7.6 billion resulting in a margin of 41.4%, a 50 basis point improvement compared to the same period last year.  In the second quarter, total expenses in Cable increased 4.8%, primarily reflecting higher video programming and marketing expenses, as well as continued investment to expand the capabilities in business services. Sales and marketing expenses, which have consistently been around 6% of Cable revenue for the past year reflect our ongoing investment in the direct and retail channels. In the second quarter, marketing expenses increased 15.5% as a result of higher retail commissions and increased overall advertising and media spend.  In the second quarter, bad debt expense improved as we continue to refine our retention, collection and screening processes. In addition, customer service expenses continue to be relatively flat this quarter as we continue to gain efficiencies even as we focus on improving service, reducing churn and increasing customer satisfaction.  Please refer to Slide 9 to review our Cable Communications capital expenditures. In the second quarter, Cable capital expenditures are tracking to plan and increased 5.5% to $1.2 billion equal to 12.6% of revenue, reflecting higher investments in network infrastructure in business services to enhance and expand our product offerings, partially offset by lower CPU spending.  In the second quarter of 2011, we deployed 1.5 million digital adapters for a total of 20.6 million digital adapters deployed since the inception of the All-Digital project. We are now 89% complete with All-Digital, and we expect to complete this project by the end of the year. During the quarter, we also deployed 494,000 advanced HD and/or DVR set-top boxes, and we added 132,000 advanced service customers. We now have 10.5 million HD and/or DVR customers equal to 52% of our digital customer base.  In the second quarter, we increased our investment in network infrastructure to enable product enhancements, including increasing Internet speeds to our customers to reinforce our product leadership in high-speed Internet. We are raising speeds of our flagship product from 12 to 15 megabits and raising speeds of our Blast! product from 20 to 25 megabits. In addition, we have recently introduced faster tiers of service as our 50 megabit service is now available to more than 45 million homes or almost 90% of our footprint. And our extreme 105 megabit service is available to more than 40 million homes or approximately 80% of our footprint.  Second quarter CapEx also reflects meaningful investments to support the continued growth in business services and to expand our efforts in the mid-sized business area. Our investment in business services increased 40% to $154 million in the second quarter and has increased 48% to $305 million through the first half of 2011. Year-to-date, capital expenditures increased 10% to $2.2 billion, equal to 12.1% of revenue. We are executing well on our capital plan. And we continue to expect our full year Cable CapEx will be lower as a percentage of Cable revenue when compared to 2010 even as we invest capital in areas that provide attractive returns, expand our product offerings and drive future organic growth.  Now let me turn the call back to Brian.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Michael. So last week marked the 6-month anniversary since the closing of NBCUniversal. I think it's a perfect opportunity to hear from Steve Burke on how he's feeling.
Stephen Burke: Thanks, Brian. Since we just passed the 6-month anniversary mark for the NBCUniversal, it does seem a good time to give a quick update on how we're doing.  The bottom line is we're off to a very good start. As we've said previously, 2011 is both a transition year and an investment year so we can better position the company's assets for future growth. The good news is we're making investments, and they're starting to work. We're also successfully juggling the goals of investing and growing operating cash flow at the same time.  Now let me give you some examples of the types of investment we are making. I'll start with the new show, The Voice. Shortly after close, we realized The Voice was the type of broad-based concept that could be a big success for NBC, and we decided to really get behind it. We increased our production budget several times to make sure we would have 4 great coaches and high-quality performances. We then invested in marketing, so awareness was high when the show launched. Finally, we made The Voice the company's #1 promotional priority across all NBCUniversal assets, as well as Comcast Cable. The results surpassed our most optimistic expectations as The Voice became a bona fide hit and NBC's biggest new show in years.  The Voice aired from April 26 to June 28 and along with America's Got Talent, The Voice helped NBC become the #1 network in the United States for 4 weeks at the end of the quarter. Despite the increased investment, The Voice also helped our financial performance in the second quarter at both the network and our own television stations. We've invested in other new shows for our primetime schedule and expect to have a competitive lineup this fall and next spring. We'll bring The Voice back mid-season and put it behind the 2012 Super Bowl. We expect The Voice will be an important cornerstone of our schedule and hopefully participate in the network's turnaround in the future.  Moving on to another part of our broadcast group, we also invested in our own television stations during the first half of this year. We're focusing on improving local news and think there's a real opportunity to increase news ratings. We're adding news hours and about 135 people across 10 television stations, including over 40 reporters, 20 producers and investigative units in 5 markets. While it will take time for these investments to pay off, we're already seeing some improvements in markets like New York.  Moving to Telemundo. We launched the telenovela named, La Reina del Sur that became a big hit, driving our primetime ratings up 22%. Given the growth in the Hispanic market, we think Telemundo is an attractive growth opportunity for us in the future.  At our Cable channels, we had a strong quarter with double-digit revenue growth on the majority of our channels. During the second quarter, we aired 58 original series, including 12 new series and increased the total number of the original episodes by 12% versus the prior year. New shows depressed cash flow initially as we spent to launch them in amortized production cost. But ultimately if successful, new shows become profitable in their own right and drive CPM and affiliate fee increases in the future.  During the quarter, USA launched 2 new shows, Suits and Necessary Roughness that became top 10 Cable shows. These are 2 shows that were greenlit after the deal closed, which now promise to be important new franchises for USA for many years to come. Syfy launched Alphas, its most-watched new show in 2 years. And Bravo had its best second quarter ever as the Real Housewives of New Jersey had its highest-rated season premiere in history.  We also saw invested for future growth in other parts of the company. Mike mentioned our new deal to purchase the 50% of the Universal Orlando we didn't own. We think our Theme Parks represent a great growth opportunity, and we're doing well currently on both coast with Harry Potter in Orlando and King Kong in Hollywood.  We think our Olympics deal represents a smart investment and one that will be profitable over the term of the new agreement. And finally, we've invested in our people and made a lot of very strong senior hires in the last 6 months, which will help position us well for the future.  The last area I'd like to touch on is how we put the collective power of NBCUniversal and Comcast behind key investments once we make them. We call this strategy, Symphony, and it's been behind our success on shows like The Voice and big films like Hop.  Comcast Cable got behind both and promoted them across its multiple platforms, including Video On Demand and online. We're also working on many other opportunities, including targeted and interactive advertising, and just last week, announced that we're beginning to use dynamic ad insertion on our On Demand platform with programming from USA, E!, Syfy, Bravo and Oxygen. We believe enabling dynamic ad insertion will create more value for advertisers, for NBCUniversal and other content owners and for Comcast Cable, as well as allowing us to present more relevant advertising to our customers.  So in summary, after 6 months, we're feeling very positive. We know there's a lot of work still to do, but we're very pleased with our progress and feel like there's still a lot of opportunity in the quarters and years to come.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Steve. Before we turn to your questions, let me just turn to Neil Smit, who's now been running Comcast Cable for over a year. Neil, how are you feeling about the business?
Neil Smit: Thanks, Brian. It's been an exciting year, and I've been really pleased with the team and our execution. We're innovating at an accelerated pace and delivering great new products to our customers. Our customer service is a focused priority and continues to improve. As a result, we're driving solid growth, both financially and from a customer perspective. And we believe this momentum is sustainable for several reasons.  First, we're competing better with superior products. Our major platform initiatives, All-Digital and DOCSIS 3.0 are nearing completion with All-Digital in 89% of our markets, DOCSIS 3.0 deployed in 90% of our footprint and our Content Delivery Network for OnDemand in the majority of our markets. These major platform upgrades are the foundation enabling us to deliver better products to our customers to drive faster innovation.  We're now delivering more high def and foreign-language programming, over 30,000 OnDemand choices, better program guides, more advanced advertising and higher speeds for our HSD customers. We've launched xfinityTV.com, our XFINITY TV app and catch up, keep up for VOD. And we're working on exciting new products, such as next generation TV, 1 gigahertz HSD and dynamic ad insertion. I feel like we're just getting started on the innovation front.  Second, we're improving customer service. Our objective is to fundamentally transform the customer experience, focusing on getting it right the first time and improving the reliability of our service. We're doing this by standardizing best practices from across the country, which has improved both our effectiveness and efficiency. We're focusing on 2 different areas: convenience and reliability. From a convenience perspective, we're making it easier for customers to interact with us and on their schedule. We're providing customers a better online experience, and recently, we've also rolled out 2-hour service windows and a customer guarantee that we'll always be on time.  On the reliability front, we're using much better tools to monitor the network, so we can diagnose and quickly resolve a network outage issue and often before customers even realize there's a problem. This quarter, repeat service calls, which means that we'd have to go back and fix something a second time, improved by 15% and repair phone calls or the number of times customers called us to fix the problem improved by 9%.  We also estimate that by the end of this year, we'll have reduced service-related truck rolls by 2 million and service-related phone calls by 10 million compared to 2009. That equates to real savings. That's taking unnecessary noise out of the system. All this is tough block-and-tackle work, but I'm really pleased with the focus and execution of our field teams.  Finally, we're building a strong growth engine. Our marketing team is effectively targeting the right offers to the right customers and strengthening our XFINITY brand. Our sales teams are effectively selling and as evidenced by our 9% ARPU growth year-to-date. We built an effective retention marketing team, and the entire business is focused on retaining our customers. We're more precise in our upfront credit screening, our call handling and our promotional roll-off tactics. Our customer churn has been down across all 3 products for the past 6 months in a row. In fact, retention has been the biggest driver of our net gain improvement.  Last but not least, we continue to invest in business services, and the team there is delivering. SMB continues to be our primary growth driver, while at the same time, new businesses like Metro E and cell backhaul are expected to become solid contributors in 2012 and beyond.  So overall, I'm pleased with the progress we've made over the past year. I think some of the fundamental changes we've made, along with disciplined execution, will continue to yield positive results. Marlene?
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Neil. Operator, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc: I just have one for Mr. Smit and one for Mr. Burke. On the Cable side first, you guys I think have done a very good job managing margins in the context of a decelerating top line and lower net adds on the high contribution data and film product. And I think a lot of that has to do with cost cuts. I was just wondering if you look out sort of 1 or 2 years, do you see enough cost cuts that can occur that will still allow you to sort of maintain these nominally 41% OCF margins? And then on the NBCU side, I think the market is quite concerned about a deceleration in sort of the ad market. And so for Mr. Burke, I was just wondering if you could give us any color in terms of what you're seeing for Q3, and if there is a slow down, when you might first see it?
Neil Smit: Hi, Jason, it's Neil. Concerning margins, it's hard to project too far into the future. I think the real benefits we see in the margin, 50 bps year-to-date has been from an improved mix of HSD and business services, as well as gaining efficiencies in some of our customer service metrics as I mentioned in my previous comments. I think we're just taking noise out of the system, and I think that will hopefully continue as we just get a better experience. But it -- that's being offset obviously by compressing video margins. So it's hard to project going forward, but we're going stay the course. HSD seems to be gaining share at a good clip, and business services is up 42%. So I think we see continued growth in both those businesses.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc: When you look at those reduced truck rolls and service calls, are those in the aggregate, if at all goes according to plan? Is the savings measured in the tens of millions or is it hundred millions? Is there any sort of sense you can give us just sort of, if this works, what sort of cost could come out?
Michael Angelakis: Hey, Neil, let me take -- it's more in the tens of millions actually, Jason. And the only thing I would really say is when you start the question about decelerating revenue, if you actually take out advertising and you look at year-over-year revenue, last year, our revenue growth was like 3.8% on Cable and now we're x advertising, 6.2%. So between high-speed data, between business services, between some rate adjustments, I'm not sure I completely concur that we have a decelerating revenue line.
Stephen Burke: Let me jump in on advertising. The quick answer to your question is we don't see any signs of a deceleration right now. We're obviously concerned about the economy the way you would expect us to be. But so far, the advertising market continues to be strong. We had a very good upfront. We actually think some of our Cable channels really paced the upfront on the Cable side. And on the broadcast side our upfront was good too, and we'll see how the rest of the year goes.
Marlene Dooner: [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS.
John Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank: Okay, I'm trying to figure out which question. The -- maybe a question for Neil. The -- I think one of the things that caught my eye was the slowdown in the programming expense growth both year-over-year and on a per-sub basis. And I guess looking forward again, maybe what's driving that? And do you think we're through the worst of the increases that we're going to see?
Neil Smit: John, no, I think on the programming side, it all kind of depends on the timing and the roll-offs and the renewals of the contracts. So it does fluctuate quarter-to-quarter and even in some cases, month-to-month. I wouldn't read much into that. I think we're still projecting kind of mid to high-single digit of growth rate in programming expenses.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: So, Steve, I guess I'll go with you. There still seems to be really big buckets of opportunity at NBCU. I was just hoping you could maybe lay out some of the timeframe when we might see some of the things like retrans and reverse comp? Are there content deals just like Netflix? I mean Netflix International's starting to do deals as is Amazon. And on that whole content side, what is your view of content ownership, given increasing? There seem to be more buyers out there.
Stephen Burke: Okay. You asked one question with a lot of different parts. I think in general, we see this year and next year probably as investment years. We think the business, particularly on the broadcast side, has not gotten the investment necessary to really compete. And so I think our focus right now is on product and making sure that we have a competitive NBC primetime schedule, making sure that the stations have the right kind of resources to be competitive in the local markets. And the juggling act that we're going through, which we've been successful at for the first half is to continue to grow OCF while making the investments that are going to pay off in the future. I do think that content is more valuable today than the day that we did the deal. It's interesting if you go back. It's over 18 months ago when we actually signed the deal with General Electric. I think retransmission consent now is a bigger number than it was then. The kind of money that online video providers are paying for content is infinitely, almost significantly greater than it was 18 months ago. So in my opinion, content is more valuable and the outlook, particularly for Broadcast Television, is much rosier than it was 18 months ago. But at the same time, I want to caution everyone, we're in fourth place at NBC. And we've got a lot of investments, and we've told people that it doesn't happen in 1 year, probably won't even happen in 2 years, it might take 3 or 4. I'm very confident we will get there, but we need to invest and -- along the way, I wouldn't expect any miracles financially or in terms of performance.
Brian Roberts: I just want to add. I agree, Jessica, the way you asked the question I think is inherently that these businesses are bullish, and that there's been a good 18 months. And I think I would concur -- I think we inherited some agreements, so we may not be the first out of the blocks with retransmission fees or reverse comp. But you see other companies' results, you see the marketplace, it's pretty transparent. So I think Steve is focused absolutely properly in building our franchises and building our channels. And that there's now a way to see monetization whether it's new media or retrans or other sources of revenues internationally as you suggest. So we're pleased and out of the block, but it's been 6 months. And I think we got to have realistic expectations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Armstrong with Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: On video, just a question on basic sub losses. I think last year in 2Q when you had elevated losses you talked about categories or subs that you're losing in, for instance, over-indexing sort of these B1 single product subs. I'm wondering if you can help us think through what's going on now and maybe broadly thoughts on sort of competitive versus Cable subscribers sort of leaving the industry?
Neil Smit: Jason, I think on the video side, we are still seeing a significant percentage of our subs, who are cutting off due to our B1-only subs. So that's a continuing trend, and it has been for the last 3 or 4 quarters. I think the Q2 is a seasonally our weakest quarters. We had 1.5 million additional RBOC overbuilds, and we still improved subs 10% and grew ARPU, resi ARPU anyway, 4.9%. I think what we saw in the quarter we saw a slowdown in connects in mid-May. I think it's primarily due to the sluggish economy. We responded very quickly by adjusting our channel mix, more DRTV, more digital, more direct. And we saw a connect improvement in late June and into July. I think from the competitive perspective, I think the economy, as I said, is still slow. And it's caused some more aggressive offers. However, I don't think it's markedly different than what we've seen in the past, and we'd understand how to compete. I mean, my focus is really getting the quick response to the changing market conditions via target marketing sales effectiveness and retention. And our -- overall, our total subs at HSD, video and phone were up 18%. So I think we can compete effectively.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Question for Michael. If Jessica can stick to one questions and so can I. Can you just remind us what Comcast target debt leverage is? And I understand your view returning capital once per year, to the extent you're building excess financial capacity this year, how might that play into return of capital strategy next year? Do you look at buying in NBCU early? Do you look more aggressively at Cable acquisitions or do you have a year of potentially above trend share repurchases in 2012? Any comments on that would be helpful.
Michael Angelakis: Yes, I don't really want to comment on 2012 because we've been, I think, quite clear and transparent that we really are articulating what our financial strategy will be on a year-by-year basis. But what I can say is our leverage for June 30 on a consolidated basis was approximately 2.2x, which is close to the midpoint of our target range, which is between 2 and 2.5. When we bought NBC -- I;m sorry, when we bought Universal Orlando, we consolidated another roughly $1.4 billion of debt, so that popped us up to about $41 billion. I think we'll end the year at the low end of our range. I think that's pretty clear. And I think we're going to have a discussion with our board with regards to the share repurchase program, which will be exhausted by the end of the year. Obviously, dividend will be discussed and other strategic efforts will be discussed as well. And I think as we've done in the years before, we'll be quite balanced and measured in articulating what the strategy is for 2012.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Maybe you'll be frustrated with this follow-up, but is your goal over time to generally stay within the target leverage range or could you see periods where you end up below or above?
Michael Angelakis: That's a hard question, obviously. Our target range is exactly that. It's our target range. But going back to your first question with regards to an early buy-in of NBCUniversal, I really don't see that in the cards. I think we're 6 months into the transaction. I think that we're very pleased with the transaction, and our partnership with General Electric I think is going fine. So we really like the way we've structured the deal. We really like the way our incentive or carried interest works. And I think that will be steady as she goes with regards to that particular effort.
Operator: The next question comes from Craig Moffett with Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Another question for Michael, if I could just drill down on that a little bit. So on the cash flow question that is, you've got the option if NBC exercises its put in 2014 on its portion, you've got the option to call the remainder in 2014 of NBCU early. First, can you just update us on your thinking about how you'd like that to go aspirationally? And would you preserve cash in anticipation of that option even if you don't know it's going to be exercised and would that inform the rate at which you return cash?
Michael Angelakis: So what we've been really clear about is we have 2 pools of capital. One pool is within the Comcast side, which the majority is being used to return capital through buybacks and dividends. Then with the NBCUniversal pool, which is primarily being used for ultimately an equity redemption from General Electric. Now #1, General Electric has to exercise their redemption right. We can't force that redemption right, which is 3 years from now. So obviously, pretty far away. If they so choose to exercise that right, then we have, you're right, the option to increase from roughly 68% to 100%. I think we'll evaluate that very carefully at that point in time. That's quite a ways away. And our goals at NBCUniversal generate the financial capacity to meet that possible redemption. So it's hard to forecast what one will do in 3-plus years from now. But also if we were to exercise our option, we would extinguish the carried interest, which would last another 3.5 years, which we believe has real value creation for our shareholders. So it's a good spot to be in and something that we will evaluate really carefully in about 3 years from now. But I want to make sure the point is that the goals at NBCUniversal, its free cash flow is really being utilized to build that capacity to meet that potential redemption in year -- in 3-plus years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Brian, if you look out at the popularity of a lot of these over-the-top services and if we assume that they're incremental to pay TV -- I mean it suggests that there's a lot of demand out there just more Video On Demand on multiple devices. And Comcast has invested a lot behind that with its XFINITY platform. When you look at your opportunity out there, does it make sense to explore going and offering additional streaming video product sort of outside of your Cable bundle and maybe even both in footprint, but especially out of footprint? I mean, there's 50 million homes in the U.S. that can't get any service from Comcast. IP allows you to do a lot of things you couldn't do before on the video front. Bandwidth speeds are going up around the country. It just seems like you've built an infrastructure that has huge opportunity beyond what we might traditionally think of as the Cable business. I just wondered if you could talk about that a little bit.
Brian Roberts: Well I think we're pretty focused inside the footprint. And with 50 million plus homes having all the products that we have to sell, I think we're -- we agree with your assessment that there's more demand, more desire for new devices. One of the reasons to invest in NBCUniversal was to have a products to sell internationally and throughout the entire United States. So we have that today through NBCUniversal. But I don't think there's yet a business model that we've seen that returns to our shareholders where you have relationships with customers that way outside of our footprint that we can make money. We had some free On Demand product with Fancast. It did not prove profitable. We've now kind of -- we made that into XFINITY TV, trying to make TV everywhere happen where we have the content relationship and the customer relationship and extending that to all devices. That's our focus for now. And I think Neil summarized really well a lot of the progress that's been made. I do think we're leading in some of this innovation. Some of those products we might be able to wholesale to others as we have our digital media center in Denver. We might be able to do that to other distributors in a way that takes some of this investment and lays it off nationally. But I think it's better when you already have a relationship with the customer to add these services on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stefan Anninger with Credit Suisse.
Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG: Can you discuss where you are with the XFINITY rebranding campaign and how close you are to the completion of that project? It appears to have been very successful and unique. Would you expect a change in PSU growth as that process slows or do you think that it hasn't provided you with a big boost in terms of PSU growth?
Brian Roberts: Stefan, I think from my perspective, the XFINITY campaign is never really complete. I think in brand building, you have to continue to innovate and put new products out. You have to continue to market creatively and bring more value to the customer. So I think brand building is never over. I think we have seen good results. And the XFINITY branding we've seen double-digit increases, an intent to purchase and consideration from competitive customers. So I think it will continue. I think in terms of ability to drive the PSUs, I think a lot of that's in the marketing of the product, it's in the product itself, and it's in the execution of the sales team. So it's all of 3 things combined, and it's obviously in the customer service. So I think PSUs are driven in part by the branding, but it's got to be backed up by great product and great service.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of James Ratcliffe with Barclays.
James Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital: Neil, can you talk about on a relative basis, how you're doing on share, particularly in data, in markets where you phase FiOS or U-verse versus markets where you just face a traditional DSL product?
Neil Smit: I think we're competing well. I mean, as I mentioned earlier, we had 1.5 million incremental RBOC overbuilds. We're about 22% AT&T and 14% FiOS, and we compete well on those markets. I think in terms of share capture -- I think where we're really gaining share right now is in the HSD product, as you noted. And I think it's primarily because we have just a far superior product to DSL. Competes effectively with FiOS from a speed perspective, and we believe we can outperform U-verse on that product. So I think we're going to continue to push the HSD and the Video products. And I think the Triple Play still holds true.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael McCormack with Nomura.
Michael McCormack - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Just a quick question on the high-speed data side regarding ARPU expansion obviously, some pretty good results there. You do see people trading up in the higher tiers and then also in high speed, the increased speeds, is that a response to competitive threat?
Stephen Burke: No, I think it's not so much a response to a competitive threat as it is. We want to continue to demonstrate product leadership. So as Michael mentioned, we've got 105 meg in 80% of our footprint. We're going to be testing higher speeds. Brian demoed 1 gig. So from my perspective, that's all about demonstrating product leadership. We have made the investments in capacity that are required to continue to support that. And I think in Q1, we got about 40% of the entire industry's net adds, and we represent, call it, 20% to 25% of the industry subs. So we're going to continue investing and continue demonstrating leadership there. I think the way to think of the higher product speeds is they provide an umbrella. So generally speaking, when we launch to higher speeds, the whole -- all the various speeds tiers trade up. So it provides an umbrella effect over the other tiers.
Michael Angelakis: Michael, let me just add if -- I don't know if you have this information. But our high-speed ARPU is up about 4.2% in the quarter to $43.88.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Bryan Kraft with Evercore Partners.
Bryan Kraft - Evercore Partners Inc.: Just want to understand what you're seeing in terms of subscriber trends in the third quarter so far. I know it's early, but it would just be helpful to understand if you think the same underlying strength in unit trends that you had in the fourth quarter and the first quarter are still there? Or if you think the economy and incremental competition have reduced it at all?
Neil Smit: Well I think as I mentioned earlier, we adjusted quickly to kind of a slowdown in mid-May. And the connect growth came back the end of June and seems to have continued in July. Also I think we're very focused on retention. And a lot of the year-over-year improvement in subs that we've demonstrated in the last 3 quarters has been driven by improved retention of our customers. Connects are kind of in line, but retention's really been driving the numbers. And I think a lot of the things we're doing, better credit screening and better call handling and better promotional roll-off tactics and centers of excellence for retention are all those things combined for a better retention result. So the good news is I think we responded quickly and changed the marketing mix, and we seem to have got the connects volume going again.
Brian Roberts: Yes, I just would like to end the call then and just say, I think it's -- look, these are the second quarter. It's steady here for the first few weeks, but a lot happens in September. So it's hard to tell. And obviously, there is economic news on the horizon that rattled some of the markets yesterday, and we just all have to see. That being said, I really believe we got a plan. We're executing well. I'm really pleased with how well both businesses are performing, and I think that we're continuing to have a roadmap to some of those questions that were asked at the end there. There is a roadmap for innovation and Steve's building, in a sense, a similar roadmap for program innovation. Hopefully, it's a little different. But we're investing and at the same time, we're getting good financial results. So we'll talk to you all in 90 days. Thank you very much.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, Brian, and thank you, all, for joining us this morning.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. It will run through Wednesday, August 10 at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is (800) 642-1687, and the conference ID number is 77696651. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 p.m. today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Angelakis - Chief Financial officer and Executive Vice President Stephen Burke - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer of NBCUniversal Holdings & NBCUniversal and President of NBCUniversal Holdings & NBCUniversal Brian Roberts - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of Comcast Holdings Corporation Neil Smit - Executive Vice President and President of Comcast Cable Marlene Dooner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: John Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG James Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. This is really an exciting time at Comcast, and I'm delighted to report first quarter results that mark a terrific start to 2011. Cable had an outstanding quarter, and this is our first opportunity to talk about the whole company, including the results of NBCUniversal. I really feel we've assembled a world-class management team at both Comcast and NBCUniversal, and today's results demonstrate the early momentum of our new and dynamic company. Let me begin with Cable. First quarter results show continuing strength in 3 key areas: financial performance, subscriber growth and customer service. Total Cable revenue was up by 6%, and operating cash flow increased by nearly 8%. Subscriber growth was particularly strong in High-Speed Internet, with 418,000 net additions, as we continue to gain market share, and to significantly outpace the net additions of our competitors. We're also continuing to put real differentiation between our high-speed service and DSL. In fact, during the quarter, we reinforced this superiority with a new 105 megabits high speed offering that is now available to more than 40 million homes in many of our major markets. We're also really pleased with our improving video results. In the first quarter, we lost 39,000 video customers, which is less than half of last year's first quarter, which continues the trend of improving year-over-year video performance, while still facing a larger competitive footprint. Growth in Voice Services continues to be very consistent with 260,000 customer additions, and our Business Services revenues grew by almost 50%. So all in all, financially and in product sales, Cable is doing quite well. Under Neil Smit's focused leadership, we are also executing well, and seeing sustainable improvements in our operating performance metrics. Our key network projects, like All-Digital and DOCSIS 3.0 and Infinity are almost complete. And these investments, together with our initiatives to transform the customer experience, are really coming together to produce results. Our customer retention and service metrics are at the best levels since we've been tracking them, including record-low churn levels across each of our products, repeat service calls that are at all-time low and higher customer satisfaction. Neil's other big initiative is accelerating, where we are leading the industry in delivering new products to our customers, not just because we have scale, but because we now have the operational focus and excellence to make the XFINITY experience the best in the country. Just last week, we added the top-rated TV series from ABC and Fox to our already extensive on-demand lineup of more than 600 TV series, making us the only-paid TV provider to offer current TV series from all 4 major broadcast networks on demand. This new offering allows our customers to catch up on the most current episode, plus the 3 previous shows for almost all of these TV series anytime On Demand. It also provides an opportunity for the broadcast networks to reach more consumers through time-shifted viewing, and to do so through our powerful On Demand service, which has now delivered more than 19 billion total views, and generates about 350 million On Demand views a month from our customers. Now while we've only been operating the NBCUniversal businesses for 3 months, we're encouraged that we've had a seamless integration with no surprises and a strong start to 2011, including some early successes in synergy among the NBCUniversal channels, and between NBCUniversal and Comcast. Steve Burke has assembled talented and seasoned management teams across each of the businesses, with an overarching goal of investing to build long-term value, and making NBCUniversal the premier destination for content creators. The performance in the first quarter was led by the 16 national and 12 regional Cable Networks, which posted strong growth across the board, and continued to drive its profitability. Broadcast, as we expected, continued to face challenges, and saw its comparisons impacted by items from the prior year such as political advertising and the Olympics. Our Film business had heavy marketing spend in the first quarter, ahead of second quarter releases, which impacted its year-over-year comparisons. Theme Parks performed extremely well. So overall, we're generally pleased with NBCUniversal's first quarter results. With this as background, let me give you a sense for how we're looking at these new businesses. Our focus when we announced the transaction and our continuing focus today is on the recurring revenue businesses of the Cable networks, which generated more than 100% of NBCUniversal's operating cash flow. So we have begun investing even further in the Cable networks to continue to strengthen their content offerings and their brands. As I mentioned, these channels are performing very well, and we believe they will be even better positioned in the future. With the addition of NBCUniversal, we now have close to a $10 billion advertising business at Comcast. So even though advertising adds some variability, this new scale, along with our mix of local, regional and national advertising, gives us strong momentum now, particularly, given the strong ad market, and should provide us longer-term opportunities to build new business like targeted and interactive advertising. Film is a business of uneven timing, and some hits and misses. Our early releases in 2011 underperformed plan, but so far in the second quarter, they're doing much better. On the Broadcast front, we are working toward a long-term turnaround and we need to be patient. We have a new, energized management team, which is off to a great start. I'm optimistic about our prospects, but I'm also realistic, and know that it's going to take some time to return NBC to industry-level performance.  As I mentioned before, we've had some early successes that validate our belief that we can create real value with our combination of distribution and content businesses. Let me give you some examples. In film, Hop and Fast Five opened very big, following an unprecedented cross-marketing push across both NBCUniversal and Comcast. In sports, the Golf Channel on NBC and the NHL on NBC and Versus have both put up improved ratings, powered by what we think as a smart integration and effective marketing campaigns. And in Broadcast, maybe the most exciting event for NBCUniversal this year has occurred in the last 2 weeks with the premier of The Voice on NBC. In addition to being a critical and ratings success, The Voice demonstrated what can be accomplished when every one of NBC properties and the digital assets and Comcast Cable come together to support a program. So as I step back and look across the entire company, I see strong recurring revenue businesses with terrific first quarter results, and opportunities to build on these businesses. Our competitive position in Cable continues to get stronger, and we are leading with XFINITY in innovation. This is indeed a great start for 2011, and we are all really focused on maintaining the momentum. Let me now pass to Michael to cover the first quarter results in greater detail.
Michael Angelakis: Thank you, Brian. Before I begin to review our performance, I want to highlight that this quarter's results are a bit more complicated, given the closing of the NBCUniversal transaction on January 28, which means that reported results include only 2 months of the NBCUniversal businesses, and include transaction-related costs. On the Cable side, reported results have also been impacted with the movement of the regional sports networks from Cable to NBCUniversal's Cable networks, and Comcast Interactive Media has now moved from Corporate and Other to Cable. Because of all these ins and outs, we will mainly focus today's presentation on pro forma results, which is how management evaluates the performance of the organization and its segments. We believe that pro forma presentation provides a more meaningful comparison of the operating performance of the businesses, and also includes the effects of acquisition accounting, and excludes certain costs and expenses directly related to the transaction. We have provided substantial transparency in detail on these items in our earnings press release and 10-Q. We hope they are helpful explanations, and expect subsequent quarters will be less complicated. So now let me begin by briefly reviewing our consolidated results, which are not pro forma and start on Slide 4. Overall, we are very pleased with first quarter results, which reflect the fundamental strength in our Cable business and Cable Networks. These businesses performed well, and are executing quite strongly on our 2011 plans. Our first quarter consolidated revenue, including 2 months of NBCUniversal, increased 32% to $12.1 billion, and consolidated operating cash flow grew 14% to $4.1 billion. During the quarter, we incurred $107 million of transaction-related expenses related to the closing of the NBCUniversal transaction. Excluding these non-recurring costs in $14 million in last year's first quarter, our operating cash flow actually grew 16.6% on a normalized basis. In addition to revenue and operating cash flow, we remain focused on free cash flow, free cash flow per share and earnings per share as important metrics in evaluating the strength of the company. In each of these key metrics, our performance in the first quarter was very strong. Free cash flow for the quarter increased 17.7% to $2.2 billion, primarily reflecting higher operating cash flow from Cable, and the inclusion of 2 months of NBCUniversal results, partially offset by higher capital expenditures. First quarter free cash flow per share increased 17.9% to $0.79 per share. On a reported basis, we generated earnings per share of $0.34 for the first quarter. However, again, excluding NBCUniversal transaction-related costs, our EPS increased 16.1% to $0.36 per share. Please refer to Table 4 in the press release for more detail on these items. Please refer to Slide 5. As I mentioned on previous calls, while we manage and consolidate NBCUniversal, we will continue to view Comcast and NBCUniversal as 2 distinct pools of cash flow generation and funding capacity. As you can see on this slide, Comcast, which includes both Cable Communications and Corporate and Other, accounted for $1.8 billion or 80% of total free cash flow, and NBCUniversal contributed $437 million in the 2 months since closing. At the end of the first quarter, we have $40.4 billion of debt on our consolidated balance sheet, reflecting the addition of the $9.1 billion from NBCUniversal. Our consolidated debt to operating cash flow leverage is now 2.3x, which is within our target range of 2x and to 2.5x. During the quarter, we issued $1.7 billion of commercial paper in order to partially fund the $6.2 billion payment related to the transaction, retired $1.7 billion of debt maturities, and returned $787 million to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases.  We are executing our 2011 financial plan that we outlined in our last earnings call, including a 19% increase to our dividend in this year's planned completion of our existing share repurchase authorization, which now has $1.6 billion remaining. We continue to maintain the strength of our balance sheet, and see it as a strategic asset, giving us the ability to profitably invest in the operating and strategic needs of the businesses that enhance our competitive position and deliver sustainable organic growth. Please refer to Slide 6 for our pro forma results. As I mentioned, we have substantially increased our level of disclosure to reflect the addition of the NBCUniversal businesses into 4 new segments. In addition, within the press release's trending schedules, our Cable Communications product line revenues now reflect only our Residential businesses, as Business Services is now presented as a separate line item. For the first quarter, pro forma Cable revenue increased 5.8%, and represented 68% of our consolidated revenue, while pro forma operating cash flow grew 7.7%, and represented 90% of our consolidated operating cash flow. NBCUniversal revenue declined 11.5% due to the impact of last year's Olympics, and operating cash flow increased 4.9%. On a consolidated basis, pro forma revenue of $13.3 billion was flat compared to last year's results, and consolidated pro forma operating cash flow increased 7.8% to $4.2 billion. However, excluding last year's Olympics, in the NBCUniversal transaction-related costs, first quarter pro forma consolidated revenue increased 6.1%, and consolidated pro forma operating cash flow increased 4.2%. As you can see, during the quarter, Cable Communications and Cable Networks generated strong results and drive our overall profitability, accounting for 110% of this quarter's total pro forma operating cash flow. Please refer to Slide 7 to review Cable Communications results. We had another strong quarter of financial and customer growth in Cable. For the first quarter, pro forma Cable Communications revenue increased a healthy 5.8% to $9.1 billion, reflecting growth in our Residential businesses, and continued strength in Business Services and Cable advertising. We've been effective in managing ARPU while driving customer growth. This quarter, total revenue per video customer increased 9% to $133 per month, reflecting an increasing number of customers taking multiple products, and a higher contribution from Business Services. During the quarter, we added 639,000 total Video, High-Speed Internet and Voice customers equal to an 8.3% increase from last year's first quarter. Similar to the fourth quarter, we showed sequential improvement across all 3 products, including the lowest Video customer loss in almost 4 years. As a reminder, we are entering the second quarter, which is a seasonally slower period for our businesses due to the number of customers we have in college and vacation areas. However, as you can see in our first quarter results, we are executing well as we're competing better with improved products, and our focus on retention and customer service has helped drive our churn to an all-time low for all of our products. As we look at the Service categories, first quarter Video revenue increased 1.7%, reflecting modest rate adjustments in about 1/3 of our systems, more customers taking higher level of digital and advanced services, and an increase in premium revenue. We now have $10.4 million high-definition and/or DVR customers equal to 52% of our Digital customer base. High-Speed Internet revenue increased 8.8% during the quarter, reflecting rate adjustments, continued growth in our customer base, and an increasing number of customers taking higher speed services. Today, 23% of our residential High-Speed Internet customers take the higher speed tiers. Our High-Speed Internet service is capturing market share, and we continue to differentiate our products through service and speed enhancements. Voice revenue increased 6.5% for the quarter, reflecting steady and continued success with our Triple Play offering. Customers recognize the value of Triple Play, and at the end of the first quarter, 34% of our Video customers took all 3 services compared to 30% at the end of last year's first quarter. As I mentioned, we continue to see real momentum in Business Services, with revenue increasing 50% in the quarter. Excluding the impact of the Cimco and NGT [New Global Telecom] acquisitions, which were completed in the first quarter of 2010, Business Services revenue grew 45%. We remain very focused and enthusiastic about this area's growth opportunity. Cable Advertising continued to perform well, with first quarter revenue increasing 10.4%. This improvement was again led by strength in Automotive, offset by lower Political revenue. As a reminder, we generated over $180 million of Political Ad [Advertising] revenue in 2010, including $100 million in the fourth quarter, impacting our sequential growth rate, and making comparisons more challenging as the year progresses. Please refer to Slide 8 to review pro forma Cable Communications operating cash flow. First quarter pro forma Cable Communications operating cash flow increased 7.7% to $3.7 billion, resulting in a margin of 41.3%, and 80 basis point improvement compared to last year's first quarter. Total expenses in Cable increased 4.6%, primarily reflecting higher Video programming and marketing expenses, as well as continued investment to expand the capabilities in Business Services. Sales and marketing expenses, which have consistently been around 6% of Cable revenue for the past year, reflect our ongoing investment in the direct and retail channels.  In the first quarter, marketing expenses increased 15.7% as a result of higher retail commissions and an increased overall Advertising and media spend, including XFINITY branding in the launch of the Endless Fun campaign. We remain very focused on expense management, and are constantly evaluating our cost structure to gain more efficiencies. In the first quarter, we continued to realize cost improvements in our High-Speed Internet and Voice networks. In addition, bad debt expense was at historically low level as we continued to refine our collection and screening processes. Our focus on improving customer service is also driving more efficiencies and improvements in churn and customer satisfaction. Please refer to Slide 9 to review our Cable Communications capital expenditures. In the first quarter, Cable Communications capital expenditures is tracking to plan, and increased 15.4% to $1.1 billion, equal to 11.6% of revenue, reflecting higher investments in CPE, network infrastructure and Business Services. As a reminder, the level of CapEx spend in the first quarter of 2010 was low, as we accelerated equipment purchases in the fourth quarter of 2009 to take advantage of favorable tax treatment. In the first quarter of 2011, we deployed another 2.1 million digital adapters for a total of more than 19 million digital adapters since the inception of the all-digital project. We are now 80% complete with All-Digital, and we expect to complete this project by the end of this year. During the quarter, we also deployed 848,000 advanced high-definition and/or DVR set-tops, as we added 257,000 advanced Service customers, and added multiple services to existing customers. As we continue to reinforce our product leadership with High-Speed Internet, we purchased more equipment to enable faster speeds. Our 50-megabit service is now available in more than 45 million homes, or almost 90% of our footprint. And as Brian mentioned, we recently launched our extreme 105-megabit service to more than 40 million homes or approximately 80% of our footprint. First quarter CapEx also reflects meaningful investment to support the continued growth in Business Services, and to expand our efforts in mid-sized businesses. Our investment in Business Services increased 57% to $152 million in the first quarter. We are executing our capital plan well, and we continue to expect our full-year Cable capital expenditures will be lower as a percentage of Cable revenue when compared to 2010. Please refer to Slide 10 to review NBCUniversal's Cable Networks results. In addition to Cable Communications' strong performance, Cable Networks delivered strong growth. In the first quarter, Cable Network revenue increased 13% to $2 billion, driven by strength in advertising, which was up 14%, and a 13% increase in distribution revenue. First quarter operating cash flow increased 7% to $817 million, as we are reinvesting some of this top line growth into new programming that further strengthens these franchises. We have the opportunity to further improve and grow these networks by strengthening their programming and increasing brand awareness, and our operating cash flow growth and margin reflect some of these investments. This quarter's results reflect growth in both our established and emerging channels, and we're making terrific progress in integrating this historical Comcast networks into NBCUniversal. USA continues to lead basic Cable Networks in key demos on the success of its original programming. Also, we are seeing positive momentum at E and Bravo, both of which had their highest-rated quarters ever. During the quarter, we also saw particular strength at our regional sports networks. Please refer to Slide 11 to review Broadcast results. Broadcast Television revenue declined 35% to $1.4 billion this quarter, reflecting the inclusion of $782 million of revenue from the Vancouver Olympics in last year's results. Excluding the Olympics impact, Broadcast revenue increased 4%, reflecting continued strength in advertising pricing. Broadcast operating cash flow improved $202 million to $20 million this quarter, again reflecting the absence of $223 million of losses related to last year's Olympics. Excluding these Olympic losses, Broadcast operating cash flow declined $21 million this quarter as a result of increased investment in programming, particularly NBC's prime time lineup compared to a light original programming schedule in the first quarter of 2010. As Brian mentioned, we are focused on this challenge, and we'll continue to invest in the NBC Broadcast network, a process that started in 2010 in order to build a solid foundation for growth. We are also investing in the NBC local stations to increase and improve our local news capabilities. This focused effort is not a quick fix. We believe this is an important opportunity for us, and we will make operational and financial progress, but the results will take some time. Please refer to Slide 12. Filmed Entertainment revenue declined 8% to $975 million this quarter, driven by lower theatrical and home entertainment revenue, as a result of the softer box office performance of this quarter's new releases, and fewer titles released in DVD compared to last year's first quarter. This was partially offset by higher content licensing revenue from the pay and free TV windows. Film operating cash flow declined $134 million to a loss of $146 million this quarter due to the revenue decline in substantial marketing spend for second quarter theatrical releases, including Hop and FAST FIVE, which were released in April. We are well aware of the challenges and volatilities of this segment, and are focused on improving performance. As we switch to Theme Parks, both Orlando and Hollywood parks are performing very well, and revenue increased 16% to $95 million, and operating cash flow increased to $41 million, reflecting strong attendance in per capita spending at both parks, which are benefiting from the success of newly launched attractions, particularly the Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Orlando, and King Kong in Hollywood. Please note that the equity income from the Orlando joint venture is included in Theme Park operating cash flow. It was a significant driver of this quarter's increase in operating cash flow. However, the Orlando equity income is eliminated in NBCUniversal headquarters' other and elimination line, as it included in the equity income for our consolidated reporting purposes. So as we review the performance of the first quarter of 2011, we feel very good about our operating momentum and focus on execution. Our Cable Communications and Cable Networks businesses continue to perform well and deliver strong operational and financial results. We have a terrific mix of assets, and we're looking forward to executing on the opportunities ahead to deliver long-term sustainable growth, and build value for our shareholders. Now let me turn it over to Marlene for Q&A.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Michael. Operator, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS.
John Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank: A quick one, first, on the Cable side, and then one around on the NBC side, the RGU [revenue generating unit] transfer were definitely stronger than we expected this quarter, specially on the Video side. Is that a function of churn continuing to come down, or better gross adds? And do you think we can get to a situation where we begin to grow the Video base again? And then switching over to NBC, it seems you mentioned it a couple of times in the slides that there's higher spending going on to improve prime time and maybe the profitability of the Cable Network. One, is this a level that we should expect in terms of spending to improve things going forward and/or do you expect to spend more than you're doing now overtime to catch up for your peers? And is this the sort of the main avenue that you expect to pursue to improve the performance of those businesses?
Neil Smit: John, this is Neil. I'll answer the Cable question, and then pass it over to Steve for the NBCU question. I think the improvement on the RGUs was due to a number of factors. First off, we're putting out better product. It's more content, better speeds, and I think we're getting a better rhythm of innovation. Secondly would be our service metrics, Brian referred to those. We're really focusing on getting it right the first time, and getting higher reliability of our service. So our service calls were down. Our repeats were down, and that's taking unnecessary noise out of a system. I think third would be our retention focus. Our churn was at all-time lows, and I think that's due to a number of things. First, we formed a specific retention channel focus. We formed centers of excellence for retention calls, and we're doing better on the promotional roll off. I think we're doing better marketing. Our Endless Fun campaign saw a double-digit increases and the intent to purchase, so we're really marketing better, and we're targeting our marketing better. So I think it's due to all those factors. What really drove the total numbers was more retention than it was growth adds, and I think that's healthy for the business both from a sub-perspective and a financial perspective. Steve?
Stephen Burke: So in terms of the investment, there's really 2 parts. The first is Broadcast, where for many months last year, you had either Leno up until the Olympics or repeats. This year, with the full year of 10:00 shows, you've got an investment there. We also have some other minor investments for a total of about $200 million in increased prime time investment if you look year-over-year. The real key to turning around NBC is not necessarily the increase in investment. The real key is making better shows. We're making about the same amount of pilots as last year, 21, which is up from 2 or 3 years ago, but about the same as last year. And it's really a matter of doing better and then of course, there is $200 million more of investment largely due to having a full year of 10:00 shows as opposed to the Jay Leno Show at 10:00. On the Cable side, I think we're going to be investing about $100 million more this year on new shows, and the way those new shows, the way the accounting works on those new shows is those new shows are negative in the year that they launched. And if they're good shows, they tend to be quite positive in subsequent years. So on the Broadcast side, about $200 million. On the Cable side, about $100 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Bazinet with Citi.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc: I just have a question for Mr. Smit on the Cable side. I guess you guys highlighted sort of the record-low churn, and you've printed very good EBITDA margins on the Cable business. Is your sense as the move rate begins to accelerate, do you anticipate that sort of creating more activity in the Cable side of the business, and could it sort of crimp EBITDA margins? In other words, do you think these are sort of peaky margins based on just low levels of activity throughout the ecosystem?
Neil Smit: Yes. Jason, it's Neil. I think that as the move picks up, I see that generally as a positive. I think that if we're executing well and marketing well on the product side, we got better product on the HSI spot, HSI side, or Video product. We're innovating better. I see it as a positive opportunity. I think generally speaking, we haven't seen that activity level pick up yet, but I think we're well prepared on the move side and on the marketing side to capitalize on it when and if it does happen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: One for Neil and one for Steve. With regards to the lower churn levels, Neil, I'm wondering if there's a noticeable difference in subscriber and revenue performance in the early All-Digital conversion markets targets versus the more recent ones? So in other words, is there potentially more improvements to come as the later XFINITY markets get up to speed? And the question for Steve, I'm just hoping on willingness to invest in sports, you could give us your philosophy? ABC got rid of NFL Football, and it didn't hurt the network at all, and $250 million of annual losses were eliminated. So to make that worst, seeing press report suggest an aggressive posture for video on the Olympics. I just wanted to understand what the philosophy might be in terms of taking the risk of losing money on that contract again.
Neil Smit: Doug, I'll answer first the one, and then pass it over to Steve. I think generally speaking, all Digital markets do perform better than our markets we don't have it in. Keep in mind, at All-Digital, we now have across 80% of our footprint. And I think the reason for that is, is that we've got more HD, we've got 150 HD. We've got 25,000 VOD choices. Our XFINITY TV, 150,000 choices. So we've got more content and better content. And I think, therefore, those markets generally perform better. Steve?
Stephen Burke: Well, in terms of sports, I would start by saying we're in business to make money, and our approach is going to be disciplined. There will be instances where we get deals or renew deals, as was the case recently with hockey. There will be instances where we go as far as we feel we should go, and someone else gets the rights, which appears to be the case with the Pac-12. And as it relates to the Olympics or the NFL, we think those are 2 fantastic properties and would love to have them, but we'd like to make money. And there are a variety of ways you can make money, advertising or investing in a Cable channel that would allow you to get increased advertising or increased affiliate fees. But at the end of the day, we're not going to do anything that doesn't have the business plan that pencils out to a positive NPV [net present value].
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess I'll follow everyone's path and ask Cable and NBC questions. On the Cable side, can you give a sense of where you are in terms of ramping up for the mid-sized markets? And I know everybody's mentioned how much churn has come down, but can you say what churn is across the different product categories? And then for NBCUniversal, Steve, I was hoping you could address the top priorities besides the fundamental improvement in programming. There seems to be a lot of integration between the divisions, which wasn't there before. Where are you in international? If you could just give us your overview, that would be great.
Michael Angelakis: Jessica, I think on the mid-sized, we're in the early stages of ramping. A lot of our growth has come from the small and medium, as you know. We're now getting into the Metro-E business. We've launched PRI across 90% of our footprint, and our Cell Backhaul business is ramping nicely. The Metro-E, I think, we see that overall mid-size markets as about the same size as our SMB [small & medium sized business] market. And the Metro-E, we're in 11 of 19 markets. We've got the sales force in place. We've got the operational aspect of it improving. We're trying to reduce the install times, and the PRI is beginning to sell very nicely. It's a great product, good value for our customers, and we increased our Cell Backhaul towers by about 80% last year, so that business is an incremental, complementary business, and it's going very well. With regards to churn, we generally don't disclose churn. I can tell you though, some of the steps we've taken on churn, which I mentioned previously, but we've improved our credit screening, and we've got much more focused credit screening, a mix of both our financial and our marketing teams have really come up with a very methodical way of doing that, and we're focusing more on how we handle every call and every promotional roll off. And we index generally higher, we reduced the number of high-value customers we're losing, which has had a really positive effect on the financials. Steve?
Stephen Burke: So in terms of priorities, Jessica, I think you'd start with the Cable channels. Brian mentioned in his introduction, we have 16 national Cable channels and a 12 regional sports networks, and these are fantastic properties. And we've said this before, what we really bought when we did the deal for NBC universal was a bunch of very, very well run, very strong Cable channels. So I think priority number one is to make sure that those channels continue to get the investment they need, and continue to grow at the kind of high growth rates they have been, and I really want to highlight how great we feel about those channels now that we're inside the building as it were. Second big priority, we think the Broadcast business has tremendous upside for this company. We are underperforming relative to the other 3 of the big 4. Dramatically, many hundreds of millions of dollars worse than the other 3, both on the Network side and the Broadcast station side. And we look at that as a tremendous opportunity. You want to always sort of soften that optimism by the realization that it is a very tough business to turn around, and I think it is likely to take us a number of years to turn it around. But when we do, going from fourth to third, would be hundreds of millions of dollars of swing, positive swing in terms of EBITDA. So that is obviously a very high priority. We're going out to see Bob Greenblatt's first bunch of pilots. Brian mentioned the Voice, which I think we've been very fortunate the last 2 weeks. We may have a big building block that we can put in place and build on with some other pilots. But we're very optimistic, but tempered by the acknowledgment that it's going to be a multi-year process, but what we think it's a big opportunity. I haven't even mentioned retransmission consent and some of the other things that are on the horizon there. We also have a variety of opportunities and sort of priority investment areas in other parts of the business. Telemundo, we think, is a real opportunity area, internationally, you mentioned, Jessica, Digital. Just the year expense of properties that we have, and the ability to get those properties moving more quickly than they have been, we think is a real opportunity. And then finally, having the company work together as one unit. We have a saying that we're better together, and what we're really trying to do is make sure that when we have significant priorities like the Voice or a movie like Hop, that the entire company gets behind it, both the NBCUniversal side and very importantly, the Comcast side. And that's having all sorts of activities that really focus people in what is otherwise a very fragmented universe on one or 2 things, and we think that's going to be a big key to our success in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Armstrong with Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. A couple of questions on Cable. First, any lumpiness in programming cost transit we should be thinking about over the course of the year? And then I guess, second on commercial, there's been a little bit of realignment of the competitive universe this past quarter. I guess traditional incumbents acquiring into managed services capabilities. We've seen NaviSite, Terremark, Savvis, all being took out by peers. How do you gauge sort of the change in competitive landscape here? Are these moves where everyone has to follow and do something, and acquire into this capability set, or do you think you can build into this organically?
Neil Smit: Jason, I'll cover the first question, pass it to Michael for the second. I think on the programming front, there's nothing unusual this year that you should be expecting. There's always some lumpiness in the Programming business, and it's kind of depending on the renewal of the contracts and the term on those. But nothing unusual this year versus previous year to what you've seen. Michael?
Michael Angelakis: Yes, I would say on the commercial side, obviously, we watch what's been done. We have great opportunity on both the small side and the medium side. And I think we've talked about that at length in terms of how large those opportunities are, and what our existing market share is. So I think our team is totally focused right now on executing, in executing that both that growth and profitability ramp. And obviously, we're looking at things. But from our standpoint, we think the real focus is on executing the business plan in front of us on both the small side and medium side of the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Ratcliffe with Barclays Capital.
James Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital: Follow the pattern, and one on Cable, and NBCU. On the Cable side, can you talk a little bit about any impact versus last year in terms of customers who were on promo plans from the digital transition in '09 who left in early '10 when factories started to actually pay full price for it? And also, whether you're seeing any trends in occupancy rates in your homes, and if that's helping to drive the Video take, or if it's purely a share issue? And secondly, in NBCU, can you talk a bit about how, you said, strategically complete, but in terms of thoughts on acquisitions, how you look at other potential assets that might be in the marketplace, and how you decide whether or not those fit with the portfolio?
Neil Smit: I'll take the first one, and I'll pass to Brian for the second one. On the promotional roll off, there's nothing really different that we've seen. There's always some customers, a percentage of customers on promotion. I think what really helped our churn is we're getting more focused on how to manage the promotional roll off, and how we step customers and how big the step is from a price perspective for them. So we're just more disciplined about that. I think on the occupancy front, there is nothing really different we've seen. The trends seemed to be fairly similar to what they've been in the previous quarters, but we continue to monitor that closely and hope for an uptick there. Brian?
Brian Roberts: I think first and foremost, we have a lot on our plate. We're very focused. I'm thrilled with how seamless the integrations appear to have been. I give Steve tremendous credit. But I think we still have a lot of work to do, and we know it. And secondly, I think we're disciplined and everything that we look at has to go through, primarily, a focus on -- is it going to be a great return for our shareholders and better than other alternatives? But I think we're very focused on what we've got, and I'm pleased it's such a good start.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stefan Anninger with Credit Suisse.
Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG: I have one, and then Spencer here has a follow-up. We'll ask them both now and then you can answer. One of the largest telcos recently mentioned on its first quarter call that it was not pleased with its performance in the SME segment. Given that commentary, do you expect to see a competitive response to your success in that business, and what might that look like?
Spencer Wang - Crdit Suisse AG: And then maybe just for Steve, 2 quick questions. The first is at Cable Networks, you say revenue growth was really strong at 13% in the first quarter. I was wondering if you think that's sustainable for the balance of the year? And then any thoughts you may have heading into both the Broadcast and the Cable from in terms of your expectations? It would be great.
Brian Roberts: On the SME space, Stefan, I think that we haven't seen any really significant changes to the trends. We offer a good value. I think our advertising has been very effective, kind of look at your bill, and the trends, we've ramped the business very nicely. Some of the things we've done recently is we've consolidated call centers who are getting more focused on how to handle a call than how to improve close rates there. But in terms of trends there, I haven't seen any notable changes.
Stephen Burke: In terms of the Cable affiliate growth of 13%, I think that will come down slightly, but still be quite strong, and not all that far off, that number for the year. And in terms of the upfront, I think most people that you've talked to who study the business would say that they feel both on the Broadcast and the Cable side, it is going to very a strong upfront. We're in an extremely strong scatter market, and the pattern, I think, is very similar to what you see at this point when the economy comes out of a tough recession, which I think should bode well for the upfront both on the Broadcast and the Cable side. Interestingly, when we did all of our projections for NBCUniversal, we assumed an advertising market that would be much lower than it was in 2010 and 2011, and looks like it will be in 2012. So I think our timing in terms of where the advertising market is was quite fortuitous.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Craig Moffett with Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Two questions both on the NBC side. First, can you break out the performance within the Broadcast group of the national network versus the local station group, and talk about your expectations for re-trends? And then second, if you could provide some color on how you think about Universal Orlando, and the potential transaction there. And actually, if I could squeeze in just a housekeeping question also. How do we think about cash taxes going forward, given accelerated depreciation under the stimulus and the tax benefits of the deal?
Michael Angelakis: It's Michael, Craig, I think I'll take those. We're not breaking the 'Oh no's' at this point. We thought that we provided quite a bit of disclosure. Well, maybe in future days, we'll talk about it, but I think right now, we've nailed what the segments are going to do, how the segments will look, and I think most folks are quite comfortable with that. Again, in the future, we may talk a little bit more about it, but these are relatively small businesses. With regards to Universal Orlando, just to level set, I think everyone knows that we have a 50-50 joint venture with Blackstone. Blackstone's been in that transaction for a number of times, and have exercised a trigger. We haven't made any decisions at all. We will make a decision probably in another month or so. The business is well managed. It's growing nicely, as you can see from the numbers. But I just want to make sure folks are aware of that. When we do make a decision, strategically, it'll be the right one for us. And financially, it will be attractive. So I would just say stay tuned on that. With regards to cash taxes, we will benefit substantially on cash taxes this year due to the bonus depreciation. You'll start to see some of that in the next quarter and through the rest of the year. Cash taxes doesn't play a role in the first quarter, but it will in the second, third and fourth quarter. So there will be quite a meaningful benefit in 2011 related to bonus depreciation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: There's been a lot of M&A in the trade press, particularly related to Cable assets. So can you comment on your desire to get bigger in Cable, as well as your ability to get bigger in Cable, given your current size and the fact that you just closed on NBCU? And then secondly, any thoughts on OVDs [Online Video Programming Distributors], Netflix, et cetera, do you see one business model being better than any others?
Brian Roberts: Let me take a crack. This is Brian, and Michael, feel free to add. We're not currently engaged in any activity on the systems that have been reported. They're in different markets than we are. But generally speaking, I would stand by the answer that I gave earlier on the call, which is I think we feel really good about the company and we've got -- we've got a lot on our plate. You can't look at any one business, and not have a very financially disciplined approach to anything you do there. So I think we are -- very much have a plan for 2011 and beyond. And we want to go out and execute it. Regarding Netflix and other OVD business models, I defer to them to talk about their companies. I think we should focus on what we're doing. We have a fantastic High-Speed Data business. I just want to underscore, it hasn't really come up on the questions. In my opinion, a lot of discussion on the Video side of business and a great quarter there. But for me, to have more than 100% net add growth rate in the first quarter versus the first quarter last year tells you something very exciting is happening in that space. And I think the team is doing a great job with the XFINITY High-Speed Data service. And I think it also presents business opportunities for us on the NBC side and the NBC universal side in terms of re-purposing existing content. At the same time, we've been able to stretch our On Demand library by having catch-up, which I think, is a breakthrough kind of product where you know who's the viewer. And part of it is trying to create a sense of expectation that if there's a top show on television starting the next day, you can get it On Demand, and you can catch up if it's a new show, you discover you get all the 4 episodes that are most current. So a lot of progress, and I think by having the mix of assets we have, we're in a wonderful position to benefit as the world changes, and some of that change won't always be great for one piece of the company, but overall, in the totality of the Comcast shareholders, I think we're extremely well-positioned as the world continues to evolve.
Operator: Your final question is from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Neil, do you think you're taking flow share and broadband, and then if you have any stats for us for Q1? And ARPU growth was very nice at 2%-ish. I'm wondering if you think that is sustainable, or even gets better when you look at the mix shift within Cable modem? And then for Steve, just a clarity question around the program and cost increases, the $200 million and the $100 million. Was that for Q1, or is that for the year. And if it's for Q1, should we just sort of annualized it as we look out through the year? And are there any cost synergies that you're looking at across...
Michael Angelakis: Let me just clarify. That's for our calendar year. This is Michael. Just to make sure we're all clear, the $200 million and $100 million is for our calendar year.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Perfect. And Steve, just -- then I might maybe just throw in cost synergies and also on the Film side, now that's a business that I think a few years ago, was throwing off $700 million, $800 million of EBIT. But obviously, there have been structural changes in Home Video. How do you think about the size of the slate there? Does it make sense to keep making as many movies as Universal has been making in the past?
Brian Roberts: Okay. So the $200 million and $100 million, as Mike mentioned, is full year, and that'll come in a lumpy fashion. Some quarters will be slightly higher than others as we launch our new shows. As it relates to the Film business, we think the size of the slate is about right. This quarter actually was more negatively affected by the fact that we launched a bunch of big films at the end of the quarter and in April, most notably, Hop and FAST FIVE. So the negative number in this quarter was primarily driven by that. But we did have some softness in the slate before we hit Hop and FAST FIVE, which obviously is a big hit. We're well aware of the challenges in the Film business, and the fact that the DVD business has declined. And that's responsible for -- part of our fault, but part of it is we need to make better films and that's a real area of focus for us as well. In terms of cost synergies, there's a lot of ins and outs, and there have been some minor areas of overlap where we've eliminated some positions. But basically, the assets are complementary, and most of the focus has been on ways to grow them.
Neil Smit: On the HSD [High-Speed Data] side, Ben, we are indexing higher than last year. As Brian mentioned, we're indexing about 104%, 105%. And in 2010, it was a similar trend. We indexed at about 104%. The industry indexed at about 83%, so we are gaining share. I think the good thing about that is we're also increasing ARPU. Our ARPU was up 3.6% this last quarter. I think we're doing a good job. The teams' done a really nice job targeting DSL households, and where we have clear product superiority. We're investing in products. A number of the platforms that Steve rolled out like DOCSIS 3.0, we're now in 88% of our footprint. We've rolled out 105 meg, as Brian mentioned, to 40 million homes, 50 million homes -- or almost 50 million homes for 50 Meg. So we're really investing in product, and we're going to continue to do that.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, Ben, and thank you, all, for joining us this morning.
Operator: Thank you. And there will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time, and will run through Wednesday, May 11th at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is (800) 642-1687, and the conference ID number is 54329300. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to our earnings call. Joining me on the call are Brian Roberts; Michael Angelakis; Steve Burke; and Neil Smit. As we have done in the past, Brian and Michael will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. With the closing of the NBCUniversal transaction on January 28th, we are now consolidating their results, and I want to highlight some changes to our earnings materials. First, we are now reporting our results in 5 segments: Cable Communications, Cable Networks, Broadcast Television, Filmed Entertainment and Theme Parks. Our revised trending schedule provides quarterly and full-year 2010 pro forma results for these 5 segments, as well as pro forma and other consolidated metrics. We hope this level of disclosure will provide a good basis for comparison, beginning with today's first quarter results. Let me now refer you to Slide #2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that, let me now turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Angelakis - Chief Financial officer and Executive Vice President Stephen Burke - Executive Vice President, Chief Executive Officer of NBCUniversal Holdings & NBCUniversal and President of NBCUniversal Holdings & NBCUniversal Brian Roberts - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of Comcast Holdings Corporation Neil Smit - Executive Vice President and President of Comcast Cable Marlene Dooner - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: John Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Vijay Jayant - Citadel Securities, LLC Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG James Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to our earnings call. Joining me on the call are Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Steve Burke and Neil Smit. As we did in the third quarter call, Brian and Michael will make formal remarks, and Steve and Neil will also be available for Q&A. As you know, we closed the NBCUniversal transaction on January 28. And as a result, today's call will only cover Comcast results for the fourth quarter and full year 2010.  Beginning in the first quarter, NBCUniversal's results will be consolidated in Comcast financial statements. So we are not providing 2010 pro forma results today. We plan to provide quarterly and full year 2010 pro forma results on both a consolidated basis and by segment when we announce first quarter results on May 4. We hope that level of detail will provide a good basis for comparison as we begin to report 2011 results on a consolidated basis. So to begin, let me, as always, refer you to Slide Number 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.  With that, let me now turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. I'm delighted to begin this first call of the year with really only positive news. Today, we're reporting strong results for 2010. We have successfully completed the NBCUniversal transaction and really everything you will hear on this call points to an exciting new beginning for our company. Our financial and operating performance accelerated throughout 2010, and we finished the year with real strength in financial and customer results in the fourth quarter. Our Cable and Programming teams achieved these results as they worked through a year-long regulatory approval process for NBCUniversal, which is now complete with conditions that we believe will allow us to effectively execute on our plans for growth and innovation. Therefore, we're beginning 2011 in a wonderful position. We have strong financial and operating momentum. We're starting to execute on the many unique opportunities that are available to Comcast now that NBC Universal is part of our company.  So let me briefly review the results. In the fourth quarter, consolidated revenues increased 7% and operating cash flow increased 9%. We generated free cash flow of $1.1 billion for the quarter, up 46% and $5.4 billion for the year, an increase of 22%. This was the third consecutive year with growth in free cash flow above 20%, showing our real and consistent focus on free cash flow generation and an effective and disciplined approach to expense and capital management. Combined with these solid financial results, we also saw real strength in customer metrics. In the fourth quarter, we had fewer Video losses than in the third quarter and in last year's fourth quarter despite having a larger competitive footprint than a year ago. We also had strong growth in Voice and High-Speed Internet net additions. In fact, 2010 marks the fifth year in a row where we added more than 1 million High-Speed Internet customers. This strong momentum in Cable also demonstrates that the investments we have been making in technology for our XFINITY products combined with our focus on enhancing the customer experience are paying off.  Our key technical initiatives, All-Digital and DOCSIS 3.0, are nearing completion, with All-Digital in 75% of our markets and DOCSIS 3.0 deployed in more than 85% of our footprint. We've also put in place a library server infrastructure, which we call our content delivery network for On Demand in the majority of our markets. All of this means we're delivering better products to our customers, more high-def and foreign-language programming, up to 25,000 On Demand choices, better guides, improved DVR functionality, more interactivity as well as higher speeds for our High-Speed Internet customers. We're also quickly leveraging these investments and taking advantage of technology advances in IP technology and new devices to continue to enhance the experience that provides our customers more choices and more ways to enjoy our services, online with XfinityTV.com, which gives you access to 150,000 entertainment choices, at home or on the go with tablets and mobile devices with our Xfinity TV app, which just for the iPad alone has been downloaded more than 1 million times since we'd launched it in mid-November. The app now combines the functionality of a remote, a TV guide and a mobile video player with Play Now, a streaming feature that initially gives customers access to 3,000 hours of movies and TV content. And later this year, we plan to expand to include live programming. Our XFINITY platform gives us the capability to build new products and features and to deliver more innovation to our customers. It also positions us to innovate faster than ever before and enables us to have new growth opportunities like business services and in advertising and in content.  Now that we have completed the NBCUniversal transaction, we are in a special position with a strategic mix of assets and a unique opportunity to build value for our shareholders, both near term with assets like the cable networks, and longer term with Universal films and NBC broadcast network. Our investment in NBCUniversal is structured to provide solid returns. The financing was completed on terms that are better than we originally anticipated, and NBCUniversal has good momentum going into 2011. With scale in both distribution and content, we believe we can drive product leadership and innovation even faster. Reflecting all of this confidence and optimism in the future of our businesses, today we are pleased to announce a 19% increase in our planned annual dividend to $0.45 per share. And we're accelerating our share repurchases in 2011 by 75% to $2.1 billion. So we really do start 2011 on a positive note. We have a strong foundation with increasingly diverse revenue streams, strong subscription businesses and opportunities to build new businesses. And our competitive position has never been better. Now it's really all about execution in order to maintain our financial and operating momentum and to drive profitable and sustainable growth.  Under Neil Smit's leadership for over a year now, we are speeding up innovation and really moving forward with the customer experience. We have reinforced our focus on first call resolution for our customers and online self-service. And as a result, repeat service calls are down by 15%, and online transactions have increased by 20%. At the same time, customer awareness of our customer guarantee increased by 10 points last year. When taken together, these steps are driving higher customer satisfaction as well as increased efficiencies in our Cable businesses. At NBC Universal, Steve Burke is focused first on maintaining the strong performance and momentum of the Cable channels, which drive most of the profitability of NBC Universal. We're also integrating the Comcast networks into NBCUniversal's wonderful group of cable properties and beginning to execute on the many new opportunities to come out of this combination. Across the board, we are focused on execution and on building value in each and every one of our businesses.  Let me now pass to Michael to cover the fourth quarter and 2010 results in more detail.
Michael Angelakis: Thank you, Brian. Let me begin by briefly reviewing our consolidated results starting on Slide 5. We are pleased to report solid full year 2010 and fourth quarter results, which reflect a consistent focus on profitable growth and underscores the effective execution in our Residential, Commercial, Programming and Advertising businesses. We are particularly pleased with our fourth quarter results, which show real momentum and a balanced approach to financial and customer metrics in our Cable operations.  For the fourth quarter, consolidated revenue increased 7.2% to $9.7 billion, and operating cash flow grew 9% to $3.7 billion, resulting in a consolidated operating cash flow margin of 38.2% versus 37.6% in 2009. When adjusted for NBCU transaction costs, the operating cash flow growth was 9.1%, and our margin was 38.5%. For the full year, consolidated revenue increased 6.1% to $37.9 billion, and operating cash flow grew 6.4% to $14.6 billion, resulting in a consolidated operating cash flow margin of 38.5%. Again, when adjusted for NBCU transaction costs, 2010's operating cash flow growth was 6.9%, and our margin was 38.7%. Given the economic and competitive environments we're facing, we are pleased with these financial results.  Cable Advertising recovered this past year, and the business benefited from the 25.9% increase in revenues to $1.8 billion. This improvement was led by renewed strength in automotive and also political revenue, which added over $180 million to 2010's results.  Shifting to our Programming segment. This business also benefited from a healthy advertising market with revenue growth of 11.8% and operating cash flow growth of 20.6%.  Please refer to Slide 6. We also remain very focused on free cash flow, free cash flow per share and earnings per share as important metrics in evaluating the strength of the company. In each of these key metrics, our performance in the fourth quarter and during 2010 was very strong and reflects solid progress related to our continued focus on return on invested capital and on execution. During the fourth quarter, we generated consolidated free cash flow of $1.1 billion, an increase of 46% compared to last year, primarily the result of higher consolidated operating cash flow, lower capital expenditures and changes in operating assets and liabilities. For the fourth quarter, free cash flow per share increased 48% to $0.40 per share. For the full year of 2010, our free cash flow increased 22% to $5.4 billion, and free cash flow per share increased 25% to $1.91 per share.  Excluding total NBCUniversal-related costs and other non-recurring items, EPS for the fourth quarter grew 20.7% to $0.35 per share. For the full year, again, excluding total NBCUniversal costs and other non-recurring items, earnings per share grew 18% to $1.31 per share. Please refer to Table 4 in the press release for more details on these items. Let's turn to Slide 7 to review the Cable division's results. For the fourth quarter, Cable revenue increased 6.9% to $9.2 billion, reflecting growth in our Residential business and continued strength in Business Services and Cable Advertising. As Brian previously mentioned, we experienced real strength in our customer metrics in the fourth quarter when compared to 2009 and in prior quarters. We added 414,000 total Video, High-Speed Internet and Voice customers during the fourth quarter. And we had fewer Video losses than in the prior quarter as well as compared to last year, signaling that the impact of the digital transition is now behind us. In addition, we saw a strong growth in our High-Speed Internet additions as we continue to take share with product superiority, and we added healthy levels of Voice customers as we drove Voice additions with our Triple Play offers. We continue to manage the business for profitable growth, and we've been effective during 2010 in driving recurring revenue. Total revenue per Video customer increased 11% to over $133 per month in the fourth quarter, reflecting strong ARPU management, the higher contribution from Comcast Business Services and an increasing number of customers taking multiple products. At the end of the fourth quarter, 33% of our Video customers took all three services compared to 28% at the end of 2009. For the fourth quarter, total Video revenue increased 2.1%. Video revenue continues to strengthen, reflecting rate adjustments and increasing number of our customers taking higher levels of digital and advanced services and an increase in Pay revenue. This quarter, we added 228,000 Advanced Service customers who subscribe to high-def and/or DVR services. We now have 10.1 million Advanced Service customers equal to 51% of our digital customer base and 44% of all Video customers.  High-Speed Internet revenue increased a healthy 10.7% during the quarter, reflecting rate adjustments, continued growth in our customer base and an increasing number of customers taking higher-speed services. Today, 23% of our residential High-Speed Internet customers take the higher speed tier above our flagship service. We added 292,000 High-Speed Internet customers in the fourth quarter and 1.1 million in 2010. This compares to 247,000 for the fourth quarter of 2009 and 1 million for all of 2009. Our penetration continues to trend upward and is now at 33%. Voice revenue also posted strong growth, increasing 11.8% for the quarter, reflecting continued growth in our residential customer base as we successfully bundle with the Triple Play and benefit from a growing contribution from Business Services. We added 257,000 total Voice customers in the fourth quarter and added 988,000 Voice customers during 2010 compared to 1.1 million last year. Over the last 12 months, our penetration has increased 160 basis points and is now at 17.3%. We also had another strong performance in Business Services, with revenue increasing 53.5% to $365 million in the quarter and 53.1% to $1.3 billion for 2010. This business' margins are improving, and we expect the momentum in the small end of business market to continue. As I have mentioned previously, we are in the early stages of targeting medium-sized businesses and have invested in this effort during 2010. We remain very enthusiastic about the growth opportunities to serve midsized businesses and to also expand our cell backhaul efforts.  As I mentioned, Cable Advertising performed well as fourth quarter revenue increased 29.3%. This improvement was, again, led by strength in automotive, as well as higher political revenue. Excluding the impact of political, core Cable Advertising revenue increased 10.2% this quarter and 16.4% for the full year. Please refer to Slide 8, and let's review our Cable division's operating cash flow results. Fourth quarter Cable operating cash flow increased 8.7% to $3.8 billion. Our Cable operating cash flow margin increased to 41.2%, a 70 basis point improvement compared to last year's fourth quarter. For 2010, Cable operating cash flow increased 6.4% to $14.6 billion, and our Cable operating cash flow margin increased to 40.7% from 40.4%. Total expenses in our Cable segment increased 5.6%, reflecting higher video programming and marketing expenses as well as continued investment to expand our capabilities in Business Services.  Programming expenses increased 5.9% this quarter and 5.6% for all of 2010, reflecting an increasing number of our customers taking higher levels of our digital services, the addition of new programming and contract resets. As we enter new contracts, we are also receiving more value in our programming contracts, particularly with more On Demand programming and increasing availability of content across multiple platforms. As we look to 2011, we expect programming expenses to grow at a slightly higher rate than in 2010 due in part to higher sports-related costs. Marketing expenses increased 24.2% this quarter and 17.4% for the year, as a result of continued investment in direct sales, in our retail channels and in higher overall advertising and media spend, including our XFINITY branding. Our XFINITY brand is now launched in 84% of our footprint, and awareness of XFINITY now exceeds 90%. Among non-customers, we have seen consideration levels, that is potential customers willing to evaluate and consider our brand for purchase, grow by over 36% since the launch of the XFINITY one year ago. In addition, among our current customers, we have seen our ratings for being technologically advanced grow by more than 40%, and our scores for having good value for money increase by 30%. Our marketing investment is yielding positive results, driving connect activity and improving our competitive positioning in the market. We also remain very focused on expense management throughout the entire enterprise. We are constantly evaluating our cost structure to gain efficiencies. In the fourth quarter, we realized improvements in network costs and reduced our direct costs for High-Speed Internet and Voice businesses. In addition, customer service and technical expenses were relatively flat for the year as we benefited from a number of efficiency initiatives, which resulted in lower activity levels and increasing call automation and customer self-service.  Please refer to Slide 9 to review our capital expenditures. In the fourth quarter, capital expenditure decreased $77 million to $1.5 billion, representing 15.8% of total revenue, continuing our trend of decreasing capital intensity, lower equipment pricing and strong return on invested capital. Fourth quarter CapEx reflects meaningful investments to support growth in Business Services and to expand our efforts in midsized businesses such as Metro-E and cell backhaul.  We have now deployed almost 17 million digital adapters since the inception of the All-Digital project, including 1.9 million during the fourth quarter and 10.7 million during 2010. Our All-Digital project has freed up bandwidth for DOCSIS 3.0 as well as enabled our new content delivery network for On Demand. And as Brian mentioned, All-Digital is providing significant product enhancements for our customers. We're generating incremental revenue from a reduction in theft of service and higher take rates for advanced services and pay-per-view. All-Digital is also helping to drive operating efficiencies with reduced truck rolls and higher utilization of self installation. As a result, the All-Digital project is providing double-digit returns, while generating significant strategic and operating benefits for the company.  Another high-return capital investment area is our deployment of advanced digital boxes. We have articulated the investment returns for this area before. In the fourth quarter, we deployed 781,000 advanced high-def and/or DVR set tops. For the full year of 2010, capital expenditures decreased 3% to $5 billion, equal to 13.1% of revenue and, again, reflects decreased capital intensity. In addition, consistent with prior years, our growth-oriented CapEx represents approximately 71% of total Cable capital expenditures. With regard to 2011, we anticipate our capital intensity to moderate further as Cable capital expenditures are expected to be lower as a percentage of Cable revenue when compared to 2010. This further reduction in CapEx should occur even as we aggressively invest internally in strategic opportunities, which we believe have attractive risk adjusted returns and represent future organic growth.  Please refer to Slide 10. Now let me provide an update on the NBCUniversal transaction, which we view as strategically and financially attractive and consistent with our capital allocation strategy. The transaction is transformative to our content assets as we now have scale in both content and distribution. The transaction has been structured to yield strong double-digit returns, maintain Comcast's conservative balance sheet and strong investment grade ratings and allow us to accelerate our return of capital to shareholders.  As you know, we closed the transaction on January 28. At closing, we funded $6.2 billion in cash and also contributed our national programming networks, regional sports and news networks and several digital assets. The structure produces significant tax benefits associated with tax depreciation and amortization deductions that afford Comcast tax benefits similar to an asset purchase. The resulting tax benefits may exceed our previous estimate of $1.5 billion on a net present value basis.  In the last year, we raised $13.1 billion of new attractively priced debt to fund this transaction, including $9.1 billion at NBCU and $4 billion at Comcast Corporation. At closing, our consolidated leverage is approximately 2.4x. And as we have said in the past, we remain comfortable with our debt to operating cash flow leverage target between 2.0x to 2.5x.  We will consolidate NBCUniversal, but will manage Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal as two separate balance sheets and two separate pools of cash flow generation and funding capacity. Comcast Cable, which includes the Cable business and our corporate operations, will continue to allocate its free cash flow generation to reinvestment in its businesses and to return capital to shareholders. NBCUniversal will retain its free cash flow and debt capacity for reinvestment in its businesses and to fund future redemptions by GE.  While day one integration went smoothly, and we are just beginning to operate these businesses, NBCUniversal starts 2011 with good momentum. We are very excited about the opportunities. And as Marlene mentioned, we'll provide more details and transparency for NBCUniversal and its operating segments with the first quarter results on May 4.  Please refer to Slide 11. As we review 2010 and begin 2011, we have a consistent financial strategy that is balanced and disciplined. Our first priority remains to profitably invest in the operating and strategic needs of our businesses. And we will continue to deploy capital when it provides attractive risk-adjusted returns, enhances our competitive position and delivers sustainable organic growth. In terms of external investment, we expect our focus to be on execution and on the integration of NBCUniversal. We remain extremely disciplined focusing on opportunities that extend our services and add features that allow us to build new complementary and profitable revenue streams. In 2010, we returned approximately 42% of our consolidated free cash flow to shareholders or $2.3 billion, including dividend payments totaling $1.1 billion and share repurchases totaling $1.2 billion. With today's announcement, our return of capital is increasing 45% to $3.3 billion during 2011, representing approximately 60% of our last 12 months' free cash flow and approximately 90% of our last 12 months' net income. That incorporates a 19% increase in our planned annual dividend to $0.45 per share and an acceleration by 75% in our share repurchases to $2.1 billion for this year.  When you combine all these elements together, we feel very good about our financial strength, our current operating momentum and opportunities in 2011. We have a terrific mix of assets, and we're looking forward to executing on the opportunities to build value for our shareholders.  Now let me turn it over to Marlene for Q&A.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Michael. Operator, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: I have two questions. First on NBCUniversal, could you highlight the top goals or priorities over the next one or two years? And are there any other parts of the business you'd like to add to, for example, international is an area that doesn't seem to be particularly strong right now. And then as a separate topic, on the SME business, the 53% growth is fantastic. I'm just wondering, it feels like you're just starting on the midsized business, when would you expect to achieve scale in the medium-sized business? And you mentioned that margins are accelerating. Can you tell us what they are now, and what you expect them to be at scale?
Brian Roberts: Well I'll start with the NBCUniversal goals and then pass to Neil on the small and medium-sized business question. One of the advantages of waiting 13 or 14 months to get a deal closed due to regulatory approval is you get a chance to really get to know the assets, really get to know the people and get a chance to create a set of goals and plans and priorities for the future. We have a lot of big goals for NBCUniversal. I would start with the fact that 80% of the EBITDA or 80% of the value are the cable channels. The cable channels are in fantastic shape, have been growing double digits. There you just want to make sure that we continue to make the right investments and continue the growth. The biggest opportunity I think over the next few years, and we certainly don't expect to see anything in the next year, but if you go out three, four, or five years, is the NBC network where we have some real strength in NBC News and some real weakness with primetime. And we think we can make progress, and we're doing a variety of things -- putting a variety of things in place to get that progress, but I don't think we're going to see anything for a while. And then, I'm very excited about opportunities like Telemundo. You mentioned international. We think international is a real opportunity, so we think the assets are fantastic. And the real core of the assets, the cable channels, are in great shape. I want to continue to keep that going, but we're going to be opportunistic in terms of the places where we can invest and grow like international, like Telemundo, like the NBC network as well. Neil?
Neil Smit: Yes. On the Business Services side, we are pleased with the growth. We've been focusing primarily on the SMB business. And as that business has scaled, we see margins that are higher than our residential side. Going forward, we're really investing right now into PRIs, the Metro-E business and the cell backhaul towers. We've now got PRI available on about 90% of our footprint. The Metro-E is over half of our footprint, and we increased our cell backhaul towers by about 80%. I think, Jessica, to answer your question, we will be seeing those returns over the next couple years. We're making the investment now for the longer-term growth.
Jessica Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch: Have you seen any telco response?
Brian Roberts: We feel comfortable in the midsized business. And that's been an area where we continue to take share, and we believe we can continue to take share.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Inc: Just have a quick question for Mr. Roberts and one for Mr. Smit. Regarding Sling, there was a time, five or 10 years ago, where you guys were very excited about VOD. And I think just procuring the content that you wanted maybe at the prices you wanted didn't happen and you ended up pursuing a twin strategy of doing VOD and DVR sort of in tandem. As you sort of navigate the TV Everywhere process, do you think it's possible you'll end up complementing that with the Sling product just because it's sort of easier for the consumer to get everything even if you can't procure the rights? And then for Mr. Smit, ultimately when we're all done with the All-Digital conversion, where do you think the average number of boxes per digital customer settles out? Is it sort of in the 2.8 range? Is that sort of the right number we should be thinking about?
Brian Roberts: So this is Brian. It's interesting how you look backwards and analyze that. We always liked VOD, and technology created DVRs, and some consumers like one and some like both. So I wouldn't have looked at it quite that same way. And I think we see, we are not currently doing anything with Sling and don't have any plans to do so. But we do see IP technology coming, expansion of our rights, all the programmers that we do business with are talking to us in a variety of ways about forms of giving the consumer access on more platforms and more choices. And we've had great progress with that, and I expect that to continue. Neil?
Neil Smit: Yes, Jason. First off with the All-Digital rollout, we've seen very good success with that and good returns on our investment there. People are buying more VOD, more PPV, and so that's been a good return. And we're seeing less expenses as we've seen fewer truck rolls and less theft of service. Concerning boxes, we have about 2.5 per household now. I think it's important to note that as we roll it out, we give one set-top box and then one DTA, which enables us to extend some of those advanced services.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS.
John Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank: Sort of quick question on the RGUs. You mentioned video was strong because the digital transition was behind us. Any sense that you're getting any impact from an improving economy, improving housing market, or just talk a little bit about what drove the strong RGUs in the quarter?
Neil Smit: Yes, I think the primary factor was the one you mentioned, John, which was DTV. In the second and third quarters where we had the majority of the impact, about 50% of our losses were B1 losses. Over the year, it was about 40%. I think in the economy, it hasn't been a major factor. We haven't seen major changes. I think we are pleased as we saw more Advanced Services boxes. So we managed ARPU up at about 5.6%, and we're just going to continue to execute better. I think on the execution, it's a matter of managing rate volume, getting better products out the door and improving our service.
John Hodulik - UBS Investment Bank: So the strength in broadband and telephony, I mean is that also, I guess, impacted in the second, third quarter by the digital transition? Are these sort of good run rates going forward for growth?
Brian Roberts: I can't speak to the run rates really, but I think we're executing better overall. I think on HSD, we've got a better product, and people want a better product because we're seeing more bandwidth consumption. On the telephony, it rounds out the Triple Play, and we're seeing about -- were up to about 33% of our customers taking Triple Play. So I think the suite of products and then complementing that with Business Services and ad sales is a great place to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: First, could you comment on your plans around usage-based pricing? I know, Neil, you've been reticent to go down that path up to now. But you've committed to a low-priced broadband product as part of your NBC voluntary commitments. Will that have usage caps on it? And if not, how you think about rolling out usage-based pricing and usage caps as you think about your broadband strategy going forward?
Neil Smit: Well, we don't have plans right now for usage-based pricing, Craig. I think that we, going forward, we continue to experiment with different prices and plans. We have done the instrumentation of the business, which is really the long pole in the tent, getting the meters in place, which we think are beneficial to the customers. They can see what they are consuming and ensuring the billing connections are made. But right now, we have no plans. We're pleased to have rolled out the $9.95 plan. We think that's good for the public, and we believe it'll be well received.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And if could ask a follow-up to Mike. Mike, can you just comment on again your expectations and your desires for the leverage ratios of the company now that the deal is complete?
Michael Angelakis: Sure. I think what I said on the call is we close the deal, and our leverage on a pro forma basis is around 2.4x, Craig. And we've reiterated our target is between 2 to 2.5x. So we feel, as you can hear from the call, pretty comfortable with how the operations are performing, and that led us to increase the dividend, as well as to accelerate the buyback. So we're really looking at our financial strategy per se on sort of a year-by-year basis. And we feel good about performance, and that led us to increase the dividend and buyback. And we think we are within the zone of our target for leverage right now, Craig.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Citadel Securities.
Vijay Jayant - Citadel Securities, LLC: For Neil, two questions. Actually one for Mike. On Video pricing, can you talk about what you're sort of trying to do this year in rate increases, and how that's sort of shaping up? And for Mike, I just want to have some clarification on the NBC transaction due to the programming rights and step-ups there. It seems that amortization could be higher by about $750 million sort of a drag of about $0.15 on earnings. Is that sort of -- given you get a tax break on that, could you discuss that please?
Michael Angelakis: No, well, I don't think we really see that. I think the tax break will end up being a lower effective tax rate. Our tax rate has been sort of in the 41%, 42% range, and I think we'll end up with NBC having a slightly lower tax rate. So I don't see it exactly as you see it, and we're working through all the finer details right now of the purchase price accounting. But we're not seeing it end up in any way that you just described.
Neil Smit: On the pricing, Vijay, we're kind of focusing it on different segments, get different rates based on their package. I think I'd say that it's generally in line with other MSO pricing. We're really focused on the retention side of the business as well. As people come off our promo roll offs, how much we step them and how different segments get managed. So we've had seen good luck. I think churn was down on all three of our product lines in the fourth quarter, and that was due to both better execution on the retention side, I think as well as better service focus.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: I guess Brian or Neil, I'm just curious on xfinity.com and also the tablet product that you're rolling out. How are you positioning that? Is that something you're aiming at the high-end customer, try to drive incremental ARPU or lower churn? Or do you look at that as something that you're going to use more broadly for every basic video customer because at least anecdotally, it sounds like some of the basic losses in the industry have been around the low-end customer where the economies have bigger issues? Just curious on how you're thinking of positioning XFINITY. And then if I could maybe sneak one in for Steve and/or Brian on NBC. What's the appetite for sports going forward? There's been a lot written about the Olympics. But maybe if you could talk about the Olympics and the NFL, which there's rumor they'll have another package created in a couple of years. What's sort of the interest level given the cost of those kinds of rights in renewing Olympics and going after NFL in NBC?
Brian Roberts: Ben, well, the XFINITY app and the Xfinity website are available to all our customers. So I think you're going to see across-the-board usage. I think there's been a real technological shift with mobile devices with Wi-Fi and with tablets and pricing. And if you had to look out the next couple of years, it's not at all inconceivable that many, many providers of these devices attached to the Internet through a Wi-Fi connection in your home is just going to give you an array of new experiences that you don't have historically. And I think that's going to work at high end and low end. The reality of the digital transition that Neil was describing was pretty much at the low end of our customers. So we are focused on our best customers and expanding that experience, but I think these things end up rippling throughout all of our customers with the fullness of time and the cost of the devices. On the sports question, Steve may want to clarify here. But at this point, we have a lot of opportunities with NBCUniversal. It is not something we're singling out or focused on. People said, are we doing something specific, different than the company has traditionally done. I don't really see that as a realistic thing. If people talk about ESPN and other things, I think we have a long-term opportunity to take these brands, to do things like between The Golf Channel and NBC sports and bring it to another level it's never been before, and that's where we're really focused to start. We have some long-term agreements in place. Olympics is in a category by itself. Steve, do you want to add anything?
Stephen Burke: Well, I think we're here to make money, and we're going to be disciplined. We're going to concentrate on businesses that have good returns. You look at businesses like USA and Bravo and SCI FI and the E! channel, Oxygen, CNBC and MSNBC. These are fantastic businesses, and those businesses can do even better than they're doing right now if they get the right investment, the right cross promotion. So I would just come back to -- our job here is to increase value over the long term, and we're going to do that in a disciplined way, always with an eye to making money. That's why we're here.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jason Armstrong with Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Maybe first on the metrics that you talked about, free cash flow per share and earnings per share growth that you're focused on, obviously, the market's focused on as well. When you compare this to the peer landscape, most of your peers have adopted strategies to shrink the share count fairly aggressively to contribute to this growth. And as you benchmark sort of boosting the share repurchase today, but you're still a bit less aggressive in shrinking the share count. And I'm wondering, is the signaling here that you think you can grow the underlying business faster than peers, and that's really how you bridge the gap. And then second question just on Voice and broadband costs, both of them, the lowest levels in several years despite very good volumes in both, can you put some more context around this, and how we should think about further sort of declines in these costs.
Michael Angelakis: So, Jason, I'll take the metrics question. We are shrinking the share count. We've actually been pretty consistent over quite a few years in terms of buying back stock, and the dividend has been in place since 2008, and we've consistently increased it. In fact, I think we were the first of our peers to increase, to actually have a dividend. So we are shrinking the share count. I think that when we look at our peers, and we look at our peers in terms of in our industries with regards to our market cap, with regards to our investment grade rating. And we look at our leverage, and we look at our payout ratios, we are right smack in the middle of where we think we should be with regards to our dividend yield, with regards to our dividend payout yield, whether it's on free cash flow or net income, as well as with our leverage ratios. So one thing we are doing is really focused on is free cash flow. And you can see from one of the slides how we've grown free cash flow pretty substantially since 2007 and been able to buy back stock at the same time and grow free cash flow per share I think pretty nicely where many of our peers I think would be enviable of that growth. So I think we're focused on a pretty balanced capital allocation strategy.
Neil Smit: With regards to Internet and phone costs, I think that speaks to how we're leveraging investments. We've made a lot of investments in the network, and we're realizing the benefits of some of those right now. And while a lot of the costs have come down, I think we'll continue to look for efficiencies. I'm pleased with the business focus on both growing the top line as well as managing the expenses. And we'll seek that balance going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Ratcliffe with Barclays Capital.
James Ratcliffe - Barclays Capital: First of all, on streaming rights, both in and out of the home, given your current contracts, what do you see as your existing rights to deliver programming either linear or On Demand outside of the home within your existing contracts? And secondly, when you talk about additional investments in the business other than obviously the categories you've been putting money into, things like SME, All-Digital and the like, can you directionally talk about what other sort of things that you haven't been putting significant amounts of capital into that you think are upcoming that we should be aware of?
Brian Roberts: Each contract is different, so I don't think you can really generalize. But as I said earlier, I think all content companies want to reach their consumer on as many devices, but they want to look at their business models, their business strategy and their business partners and new technologies. I think if you haven't downloaded our XFINITY app, and you haven't hit the Play Now button, it reminds me of the beginning of On Demand. And for a long time, we were out there with On Demand, and people weren't sure that we were going to get the best content. And there were a number of critics saying, well, it doesn't have this, it doesn't have that. And we just plowed away at it year in and year out, and now we have 25,000 choices and more coming. And our technology gets cheaper and better every year, and all these digital devices allow you to access On Demand. And I think we're going to see the same thing occur over time. It's a focus, and our innovation machine that Neil is talking about is getting better, more reliable. And we had a very solid 2010, and we have a lot of excitement planned, and we've shown some of that for 2011. Mike?
Michael Angelakis: Yes, so it's interesting, James, interesting question. I think we have played a lot of offense with our investments. Although our capital intensity in terms of percentages as well as dollars have come down, I really think we've been aggressive in terms of making pretty smart investments whether it's All-Digital, which we talked about, or DOCSIS 3.0 or VOD or XFINITY. And certainly, we're investing a lot in the small and medium-sized business with the medium being relatively new. And now we've got cell backhaul and Metro Ethernet, which Neil talked about. So I don't really see any large, large categories that we're not investing in. I think we're really got an ROI focus, and I think we're playing offense with our capital in trying to be as efficient as we can. So we're looking around the table. I don't think we're missing much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank AG: Brian and Michael, I know Michael, we've been dancing around the leverage question. I mean investors are looking at return to capital as an indication of how much M&A flexibility you want to maintain. So a 60% return of LTM free cash flow when you're already within your leverage target could imply reloading the balance sheet. So it might seem sort of, an obvious answer to the question, but any comments at all you can make, and your appetite for other big deal would be helpful. And then separately, Neil, any comments youre willing to make regarding sub trends so far in 1Q? Is this momentum continuing with good growths and churn trends for each product?
Michael Angelakis: I'll take the leverage one. First and foremost, we're really focused on execution. So I think Steve mentioned earlier how he's focused on the execution and Neil as well. So from an M&A standpoint, I dont think we see anything of any significance. With regards to leverage, we're at 2.4x. The 60% commitment from free cash flow, when you add on top of that our principal payments, we made $1 billion principal payment last month. We have $750 million due next month, and you look at those two particular payments combined with the increase in the dividend and the buyback, all that adds up to about 90% of our free cash flow. So we'll delever a little bit during 2011, not a whole heck of a lot. But we'll still be right in the middle of where our target is in terms of leverage. So again, I think we are trying to keep a very measured and balanced capital allocation strategy, and we're in this for the long term.
Brian Roberts: I just want to add and then go to Neil. We talked to a lot of investors, we get many different views passed between dividends and buybacks, and those that love leverage and some who do not. And we try to find an approach that we're comfortable with. We accessed the capital markets last year for $14 billion. We had a really great year with historically low rates. And I think it was very important to us at the beginning of the year to announce that we are increasing both the dividend and accelerating the buyback while at the same time, having closed one of the largest transactions in the company's history. And we really believe that it sets the stage. Mike's approach is -- this is an annual conversation, and we're able to be excited about 2011. And we think we're off to a good start with the new deal and with the new year.
Neil Smit: With regards to sub trends, I think it's too early in the quarter to really speak to those. I think it's really going to be all about disciplined execution. We're focused on marketing investments and the right sorts of segments and investments across the different channels. We want to continue to get good products out the door on a frequent basis and a timely basis, and it's going to be a lot of day-to-day block and tackle on the service side. So it's really about just focused execution.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Stefan Anninger with Credit Suisse.
Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG: I think my question is directed at Neil. So from what we can tell that continues to be extraordinary growth in the amount of data traffic that MSOs are handling, perhaps you could discuss what you're seeing in terms of data traffic trends on your plant, at least in general terms if you're not comfortable disclosing sort of specific data points. And then just a follow-up would be, maybe you could discuss your longer-term plan strategy to accommodate that growth. In other words, what are the things you can do to handle that increase in a cost-effective way? And then maybe discuss the longer-term concept of making your plant more IP enabled.
Neil Smit: So there are a number of questions in there. Let's break them down. In terms of the HSD consumption, as you know, we have a 250 gig cap. We're very comfortable with that. The median usage across our customer base is four to six megs per month. So we feel comfortable in that. There are very few customers consuming that 250 gig level. With regards to growth, I think there are some cost-efficient ways of doing it. As Brian mentioned, we've got DOCSIS 3.0 rolled out, over 85% of our footprint, which gives us great capacity. There are a number of people experimenting with channel bonding, which gives us -- is a very cost-effective way of getting more growth from the network. And I think going forward -- remind me of your question going forward?
Stefan Anninger - Crdit Suisse AG: On the IP side.
Neil Smit: On the IP side, I'm sorry. On the IP side, we've been doing some work on that over the last almost two years. We understand what it would take to do it. The good news is it would be over DOCSIS, which is not a very inefficient way of doing it, but we're understanding more about how to do it and what it would entail from a network perspective.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Your ARPU is up significantly in 2010, especially in Q4, which is great. But it makes for tough comps in 2011. So how sustainable is double-digit ARPU growth? And then secondly, the competitive landscape in the Commercial segment, is it more intense in the medium-sized segment than in the small businesses?
Brian Roberts: Yes, on the ARPU side, I think we continue to see good growth. They're up 10.6% this quarter. I think that's due to a few things. One is we've taken the rate increases over a larger percentage of our footprint than we did in '09. The second thing is we're seeing a better mix of products. So we're seeing more HSD and phone, and there are more people taking the Triple Play. In the quarter, we saw a very strong growth of people upgrading to Triple Play because they see the value of it. We'll continue to focus on managing rate and volume, which I think is the delicate balance that we continue to maintain, and we'll continue to focus on that. With regards to commercial competitiveness, I think we saw great opportunity in SMB, and we'll continue to focus on that. It's a large channel. We have the capacity in place. I think in any new rollout into a segment or a sector, there's good growth in the beginning. And I think we're seeing that on the midsized business side. We have to build the capabilities of addressing that, the sales force, the back office system, but we're seeing good growth opportunity there right now.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, Marci. And thank you, all, for joining us this morning.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time. It will run through Wednesday, February 23, 2011, at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is (800) 642-1687, and the conference ID number is 35153607. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating, and you may all disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Dooner - SVP, IR Brian Roberts - CEO Michael Angelakis - CFO Neil Smit - President Steve Burke - COO 
Analysts:  John Hodulik - UBS Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein Jessica Reif-Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason Bazinet - Citi Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Stefan Anninger - Credit Suisse Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Vijay Jayant - Citadel Securities Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Richard Greenfield - BTIG Bryan Kraft - Evercore Partners 
Operator:  Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Comcast Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call Senior Vice President, Investors Relations Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead Ms. Dooner.
Marlene Dooner:  Thank you operator and welcome everyone to our third quarter 2010 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Brian Roberts, Michael Angelakis, Steve Burk and Neil Smit. As always let me first refer you to slide number two which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that let me turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments, Brian?
Brian Roberts:  Thanks Marlene and good morning everyone. Please join me on slide three; today we are pleased to report strong financial results. This marks the third consecutive quarter of accelerating growth in revenue which increased 7% operating cash flow which increased 8%. We generated free cash flow of $1 billion this quarter and almost $4.3 billion year-to-date an increase of 17% compared to the first nine months of last year. These results reflect our continued focus on profitable growth a very resilient residential business, a robust advertising market and a continued focus and strength on business services. We obviously still have a tough economy which combined with the anniversary of the broadcast digital transition continued to impact video units. However, as Michael will discuss in a few minutes. We started to see some real year-over-year improvement toward the end of the third quarter and for October. Overall, we are executing well delivering strong financial results as we focus on high value video customers on growing our relationships and broadband and phone and expanding business services. We are also continuing to invest a foster growth and to further strengthen our competitive position with all digital now about 65% of our markets and DOCSIS 3.0 deployed in more than 80% of our footprint. As we near completion of these important projects we are starting to see the fruits of those investments. In video, we have tripled the number of high def channels and have doubled the amount of foreign language programming. In HSD we are reinforcing our product superiority as we double the speeds to our existing customers and introduce new higher speed services with 50 megabits currently available to more than 40 million homes and a 105 megabits to more than 25 million homes. Our On-Demand service is also expanding. With our new library server infrastructure which takes advantage of our scale, we called the Comcast content delivering network or CCDN. We now have the capacity to offer $70,000 of content. As a result, Comcast customers in more than 20% of our footprint now have access to over 25,000 On Demand choices including 11,000 movies. By the end of this year a majority of our markets will have this level of choice and with CCDN we have the ability to continue to expand the On Demand choices we offer our customers. As we do this, we are rolling out enhanced guides with better linier and On Demand search, improved DVR functionality and more interactivity include a unique new feature that automatically informs you if the content is available in high definition and just with the click of one extra button immediately takes you to the HD version which our customers really love. Our new guide has already been rolled out to three quarters of our markets and will be in all our markets in the next six months. We are also deploying remove DVR and multi room DVR and they are available in a majority of our markets today. Please turn to slide four. This week we re launched Xfinity TV, our authenticated On Demand online service with a new and I think great marketing campaign. Xfinity TV gives customers online access to 150,000 entertainment choices including movies, TV shows, premium and HD content with a compelling search and discovery platform.
 : This is an entirely new form factor and device for consumers of these tablets which I think makes the search and discovery and the enjoyment of television that much greater because we've all been looking for how to navigate these 150,000 choices or whatever the consumer actually has. And this, with the touch of a finger allows you to change channels as well as do search and discovery. I think you'll like it when you get one. So as you can see, we have an exiting roadmap for new product introductions and we're delivering more and faster innovation to our customers. All of these enhancements and new features really are starting to bring to life our XFINITY brand and your going to continue to see and hear many new products from Comcast in the months and years ahead. In order to deliver the best customer experience, you have to marry great products with consistently good customer service. We've worked hard to improve our service but the leadership of Neil Smit, who has now been with Comcast for seven months. I have never seen the organization this focused on the customer experience and making it better all the time. Neil's commitment to take service and also this rapid product innovation and getting it completed and to the next level while at the same time keeping us focused on strong operating performance like you're seeing this quarter makes me really exited about where our cable business is going. Finally, on NBC Universal, the regulatory reviews are continuing and we believe they are on track to enable us to close by the end of this year. The integration of NBC Universal is huge task and I'm delighted that Steve Burke will become the new CEO of NBC Universal upon closing. Over the past 11 months Steve has been spending a lot of time planning so we can hit the ground running when the year closes. I believe we are in a strong position to deliver a great entertainment experience to consumers and to really drive new value creation for our shareholders. Before I pass the call over to Michael I want to mention that we are following a new format for today's call shortening the prepared remarks for Michael and me and allowing more time for your questions for not only Mike and myself but also for Steve and Neil. So, Michael with that please cover the results of the third quarter in more detail.
Michael Angelakis:  Thank you Brian, let me begin by briefly reviewing our consolidated results starting on slide five, we are pleased with our third quarter results which reflect a consistent focus on profitable growth. We are executing well and continue to balance revenue, operating cash flow and customer growth as well as remain very focused on expense and capital management. For the third quarter consolidated revenue increased 7.3% to 9.5 billion and operating cash flow grew 7.6% to 3.6 billion resulting in a consolidated operating cash flow margin of 37.7%. Cable was the largest driver of these results but our programming businesses also performed well with revenue growth of 9% and operating cash flow growth of 26%. These results reflect the impact of a strong advertising market across all of our networks and rating strength E! which had record viewer ship in the third quarter. These quarters consolidated operating cash flow results also include approximately $21 million of expenses related to the NBC Universal transaction which is included in corporate and other. Excluding these transaction related costs consolidated operating cash flow grew 8.2% and our operating cash flow margin increased to 37.9% from 37.6% in 2009. We also remain very focused on free cash flow, free cash flow per share and earnings per share as important metric in evaluating the strength of the company. And each of these key metrics our performance here on the third quarter and on the year-to-date basis was strong and reflect solid progress and growth. During the third quarter we generated consolidated free cash flow of a $1 billion and modest decline compared to last year primarily the result of higher cash income taxes and a slight increase in capital expenditures. However, we prefer to evaluate free cash flow on an LTM or year-to-date basis and year-to-date free cash flow has increased 17% to 4.3 billion from 3.6 billion in 2009. Year-to-date free cash flow per share increased 19.8% to a $1.51 per share. Earnings per share in the third quarter grew 14.3% to $0.32 per share from $0.28 per share last year when you exclude NBC Universal related costs of $66 million and tax benefits and a one time financing expense in 2009. On a year-to-date basis EPS grew 17.1% over the comparable period in 2009 again excluding NBC Universal costs of a 154 million and last years tax benefits and one time finance expense. Please refer to table four in the press release for more detail on these items. Please refer to slide six, to review our cable division's third quarter results. Third quarter cable revenue increased 6.9% to $9 billion reflecting accelerating growth in our residential business and continued strength in business services and cable advertising. Total video, high speed internet and voice customers grew 202,000 for the third quarter and on a year-to-date basis we have added 875,000 customers compared to 1.2 million in the first three quarters of last year. As discussed on the second quarter earnings call, in our recent investor conferences, customer addition trends were soft in July and August reflecting a continuing weak continuing weak economy; the impact of last years broadcast digital transition, the roll off of customers on discounted promotions and continued competitive pressures. However year-over-year customer trends improved in September and now that the impact from the broadcast digital transition is substantially behind us, we have experienced steady improvement in October. This quarter's loss of 275,000 video customers was impacted by the factors I just mentioned and we are very focused on improving our retention efforts. Year-to-date we have lost 622,000 video customers, compared to 424,000 in 2009 where we benefited from the broadcast digital transition. Over 40% of this year's video losses are in our lower end basic video package and the impact from these customer losses is more muted on the financial side as the average ARPU is less than half of our normalized video ARPU. With regards to the economy, we remain cautiously optimistic about its overall direction and strength. However the housing market is still weak and unemployment remains high, which we believe continues to impact many consumers. Even with these macro economic challenges, we are optimistic about our ability to continue to execute. We continue to manage the business for profitable growth and we've been effective in driving organic revenue. Total revenue per video customer increased 10% to almost $130 per month in the third quarter reflecting strong ARPU management and increasing number of customers taking multiple products. At the end of the third quarter, 32% of our video customers took all three services compared to 27% at the end of last year's third quarter. For the third quarter, total video revenue continued to accelerate and increased 2.2% reflecting rate adjustments and an increasing number of our customers taking higher levels of our digital and advanced services. This quarter we deployed over 500,000 advanced Hi Def and/or DVR set tops and we added 228,000 advanced service customers. We now have 9.9 million advanced service customers, equal to 51% of our digital customer base and 43% of all video customers. High speed internet revenue increased a health 12.2% during the quarter, reflecting rate adjustments and continued growth in our customer base. We added 249,000 high speed internet customers in the third quarter and year-to-date we have added 766,000 high speed internet customers, slightly above the 755,000 we added in the first three quarters of last year. Our penetration continues to trend upward and is now at 33%. In addition we continue to see more customers take our high speed services compared to our economy service. Today 22% of our residential high speed internet customers take our Blast! Or above levels of service. Voice revenue also posted strong growth increasing 12.6% for the quarter reflecting continued growth in our residential customer base as well as a growing contribution from business services. We added 228,000 voice customers in the third quarter and year-to-date we have added 731,000 voice customers compared to 906,000 in the first three quarters of last year. Compared to the third quarter of last year, our penetration has increased 150 basis points and is now at 17%. We also had a strong quarter for business services with revenue increasing 54.5% to $333 million. Excluding the contribution from Cimco and NGT which were acquisitions that were completed in the first quarter. Revenue increase 44%, we expect a momentum in the small end of the business market to continue. We remain very enthusiastic about our opportunity to serve mid-sized businesses and to expand our sell backhaul efforts. Our cable advertising business continues to perform well as third quarter revenue increased 27.2%. This improvement was again led by strength in automotive as well as higher political revenue. Excluding the impact of political core cable advertising revenue increased 19% this quarter. We expect advertising growth to remain strong in the fourth quarter particularly given all the political activity. Please refer to slide seven to review our cable divisions operating cash flow results. Third quarter cable operating cash flow increased 7.1% to 3.5 billion. Our cable operating cash flow margin remained relatively stable at the 39.5% a 10 basis point improvement compared to last years third quarter. Total expenses in our cable segment increased 6.8% primarily reflecting higher programming and marketing expenses as well as continued investment to expand our capabilities and business services. Programming expenses increase increased 4.9% this quarter reflecting a real focus on controlling costs offset by an increasing number of our customers taking higher levels of a digital services the additional new programming and contract resets. In addition, we are receiving more value in our programming contracts particularly with more on-demand programming and increasing availability of content across multiple platforms. Marketing expenses increased 17.3% this quarter as a result of higher overall advertising and media spend including XFINITY branding as well as continued investment and direct sales in our retail channels. Customer service expense declined 2.7% in the third quarter as we benefit from a number of efficiencies initiatives such as higher call automation and better call center optimization. Please refer to slide eight to review our capital expenditures for the quarter. In the third quarter capital expenditures increased a 139 million to 1.4 billion representing 14.4% of total revenue. The level of CapEx spend this quarter principally reflects the timing of CTE purchases primarily advanced set top and DTAs offset by more favorable equipment pricing. We have now deployed over 15 million digital adapters since the inception of the all digital project including 2.2 million during the third quarter. We have also continued to increase our investment to support growth and expansion in business services. We view our capital expenditure program on an LTM or a year-to-date basis and year-to-date capital expenditures have decreased 2.2% to 3.4 billion equal to 12.2% of revenue. In addition, consistent with prior years our growth oriented capital expenditures represents approximately 72% of our year-to-date total spend. With regards to the fourth quarter we expect CapEx increase sequentially as we continue to invest and sustain our moment in business services, expand our efforts for the mid-sized businesses and sell backhaul and complete our roll out of all digital. However, we still expect our full year capital expenditures to be below in both absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue when we compare it to 2009. Please refer to slide nine, our priorities allocating capital has been consistent to profitably investment in the operating and strategic needs of our businesses, deploy capital to areas that provide attractive incremental returns and enhance our competitors position and deliver sustainable organic growth. This disciplined and returns focused approach to CapEx has helped drive significant growth in free cash flow generation and as I mentioned previously, year-to-date free cash flow increased 17% to $4.3 billion and free cash flow per share increased 19.8% to $1.51 per share. With the recent extend of bonus appreciation for 2010; we anticipate the company will realize a benefit by paying lower income taxes in the fourth quarter. As we've done in the past we'll continue to report comparable results that both include and exclude cash impact on free cash flow from the economic stimulus packages. Year-to-date, we have returned approximately 40% of our free cash flow to shareholders or $1.7 billion, including three dividend payments totaling 800,000 million and 300 million per quarter of share repurchases totaling 900 million. The remainder of our free cash flow, which is currently reflected in our cash balance, will be used to fund a portion of the NBC Universal transaction which will be approximately $6.5 billion. We are pleased that over the past six months NBC Universal has successfully raised $9.1 million in the public debt markets. This permanent financing for NBCU is now complete and was accomplished with a weighted average cost of debt of approximately 4.5% and an average duration of 13.3 years. When we close the NBC Universal transaction, we expect our consolidated leverage will be approximately 2.5 times and as we have said in the past, we remain comfortable with the debt to OCF leverage target of between two and 2.5 times. Last December we articulated a three year capital allocation strategy for 2010 and we've executed well on that plan. Once the NBC Universal transaction is completed we will revaluate and communicate a new financial strategy for 2011. Now let me turn it over to Marlene for Q&A.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks Michael. Operator, lets open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS.
John Hodulik - UBS: Okay. Thanks guys. Good morning. The video losses are a little higher than we expected. Can you comment on what do you think is driving that? Is that -- you said some hangover from the digital transition but is there evidence in the numbers that you're seeing more cord cuttings from over the top or even competition from AT&T and Verizon and you had also commented on just the competitive environment. I think the carriers were a little bit more competitive or aggressive on the DSO side, at least on the lower end. If you could just comment on what kind of competitive activity you are seeing these days. That would be great.
Neil Smit: Hi John, it's Neil. I think there are a few factors. Let me break them down. The first was the economic situation that Mike referred to. We're seeing fewer occupied housing units and the unemployment is still a factor. The second is the digital transition and the promotional roll off. 42% of the customers we lost were basic customers. The digital transitions, the peers could be mostly behind us. And the third reason is the rate increases we took. So this year we took rate increases over the last six months. So Q2 and Q3 and about our 75% of our footprint versus about 3% last year. From a over the top impact we've -- now all our active surveys have seen almost no impact. We have seen the customers who are disconnecting and not going to a competitor that small number of customers appear to be going over the air much more than any over the top impact. The competitive situation really hasn't changed much. We have seen year-over-year a build out of the our box so AT&T about 2.2 million home build out. We haven't seen a significant increase in that competitive factor. The DSL players appear to be playing more on rate but we are very pleased with our HSD numbers. We once again gain shares as we put on more HSD subs and Verizon and AT&T combined. We are pleased with that number; our HSD ARPU is up 4.9% we are pleased with that number. I think there is some real positive news in the quarter. If you look at year-over-year customer trending so net adds per month, every month of the quarter improved. So August was better and July, September was better and August and we are seeing that positive trend continue into October. The other piece of positive news is we are really pleased with our advance services. So we sold about 228 more advance service customers about 500k more HD and HD DVR, cut the boxes. Our revenue for advance services was up 11%, so we are seeing some positive trends. I think net, we are to keep focusing on the quality of our customers as I said on last call we are not going to chase volume. We're going to keep looking at customer service and focusing on the customer experience and improving the value of our service.
Marlene Dooner:  Thanks John. Operator let's go to the next question please.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank:  Thanks so much just one quick follow up on that video side. Neil, any sense of how much of 3Q was due to growth adds versus churns just so we could try to parse out some of those drivers that you were talking about and then I got a question for Brian.
Brian Roberts:  I think that both in versus Q1 and Q2 where our churn was really generally trended very good, we saw a slight uptick ensure in Q3. However, I think the good news is we identified some of the cause of that which was the step up off of our promotional role off. So, there was a pretty significant step in pricing and now we are handling that in a much more effective manner. I think the very good news was as we increased our marketing spend throughout the quarter. We saw a positive connect trend, so the customer base was responding to our offers and we were pleased with that.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: So it was improving at a marketing spend, not a greater promotional or discounting or retention effort then is what you are saying.
Neil Smit:  No I think it was just marketing spend, we were more active in the market place, we weren't overly discounting as I said before. I don't believe in overly discounting the product but more looking at the value of the services we are offering. So as Brian mentioned we launched Xfinity TV, we have launched in the affiliate market to see how that breaks out. We have increased our XFINITY products to more VOD so I am a big believer in not overly discounting but increasing the value of our service.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Thanks Neil. So, Brian when you announced NBCU a year so ago, you emphasis the risk of worse nature of the JV structure, cable network advertising has to be better than anyone budgeted and that bodes well for NBC's results and value and the financing markets have been remarkable. So, the question is it time to move up the risk curve consider accelerating the purchase of the remaining 50% of NBCU from GE. I understand the mechanisms of the deal but GE might be completing the full transaction faster and if there was ever environment where leveling up might have made sense in this environment. So any thoughts on that would be helpful.
Brian Roberts: Well I'm glad you like the advertising, the financing underscore on that because I totally agree with you. Things have appeared to go quite well since we announced the transaction. We're still awaiting the regulatory approval. So no, we haven't even thought about that question. I like the structure that we have. Its I think exactly right for both corporations. So I don't anticipate any change. I just want to talk to one of the things that Neil said to just make sure everybody understood some of the step up lingo. 12 months ago, during the digital transition, we gave a lot of customers a 12 month offer. Many of those customers were for the first time coming on the multi-channel television. At the end of the 12 months, they went to normalized rates and that step up -- and that happened sometimes in promotions but there was an awful lot of that happening in the second and the beginning of the third quarter. Marlene?
Marlene Dooner: Thanks Doug. Operator lets go to the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with Sanford C. Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein: Hi, good morning guys. There was a -- there have been some reports recently that Netflix amounts to as much as 20% of all the traffic carried on the net these days and I know you guys have been working on beefing up core facilities to sort of create a VPN if you will. Can you talk about what you are seeing in terms of network traffic and how think about addressing the simultaneous needs of on the one hand making sure the network is robust enough to deliver a good service and then on the other hand, as you think about TV everywhere and that sort of thing, maintaining neutrality and the like in the way that you deliver broadband services.
Neil Smit: Hi Craig, it's Neil. I think right now we feel comfortable A, with our caps. We got 250 gig caps. The average consumption, the median usage is about two to four gigabytes. So we feel very comfortable with where we are. That being said we rolled out DOCSIS 3.0 -- its about 83% of our footprint -- to increase our ability to offer higher speeds and the -- I think with Netflix I did read the same report that about 20% of prime time usage appears to be streaming. We'll continue to monitor that. We feel good about where we are and that all digital initiative we have frees up more bandwidth. We're looking at -- I should say recapturing even more bandwidth as we go to D1 or basic digitization in some of our markets. So we're very -- we feel very good about our bandwidth situation. We'll continue to monitor it. We do have meters in place. So consumers can see how much they are consuming. We feel that's a useful consumer service and we'll continue to monitor it as things progress. But it's a very small percentage of the population consuming that was large percentages of bandwidth. We are supporters of TV everywhere and we will continue to work on that as we said in our Xfinity TV launch.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks Craig. Operator, lets go to the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, thanks. Two questions. You mentioned that fourth quarter subs are improving or you said that each month was actually sequentially improving. I was wondering if you could give us some color on kind of all the -- not just video but advanced services within video and then there would be data and voice as well. And then secondly Steve, as you went you're through the integration process with NBC Universal. Can you highlight where you see the biggest pockets of growth or opportunity and maybe like a step nobody mentioned, can you give us an update on that?
Neil Smit:  Why don't I actually take the first question, Jessica I don't think we are going to provide anymore data related to where we are seeing trends. I think we feel pretty good about how we are performing. So I think we will just leave at that, we really wanted to address I know some of the concern related to primarily basic video. So, let me just push it over to Steve.
Steve Burke:  In terms of the opportunities for NBC Universal I think since we signed the deal last December almost all of the news has been positive. Obviously the NBC network still has it challenges but if you look at advertising, the business is significantly better than we thought. Universal Studios invested in an animation company its first release a film called Despicable Me that was a tremendous success and obviously the animation business is one of the best part if not the best part of the film business. Universal Studios opened Harry Potter down in Florida which has been a sort of standing from only success and then really the cable channels that we will have when we get this company put together offered. I think real opportunity is to sort of cross promote, provide new programming. Just bring everything to a different level. So I think we have done a lot of deals over the last number of years and I think sometimes everything happens to the negative between signing and closing and this time it seems like that's the majority things are very positive. In terms of Canoe we now have Canoe now has 10 million homes right now today where you can buy interactive advertising on style network and AMC has also launched a number of other networks. So, Canoe is now live it's outselling and sort of starting to do what we have wanted the interactives, advertising business to do for a long-long time and that 10 million number is going to grow very dramatically because it's based on the roll out of EBIS which does who follow the industry knows now sort of the industry standard for interactive television. So, we are very pleased with the progress of Canoe and optimist that finally after years of putting together the infrastructure and the partnership and everything else. Interactive advertising is going to deliver real results.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Thank you.
Marlene Dooner:  Thanks Jessica. Operator let's go to the next question please.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet - Citi:  Thanks. I just have a question regarding Netflix and players like that. I think if you went back a few years people would have thought that was maybe a potential impact to your VOD business or maybe premium channels and I think the hope of the Netflix investors and maybe the fear of cable investors as it becomes real a viable substitute several years from now. Do you think that's a cogent concern as the market evolves and if not why not?
Brian Roberts:  Well this is Brian, I think even Netflix on their own call felt that they were more complimentary than anything else to the existing market place. Also we think we are seeing an expansion on usage as you can use more devices. So, our on-demand usage continues to be quite large and growing and we are adding content agreed and are a great user interface. That is now something as you could use in articles today in paper something a lot of people are working on. As new devises come out we're very exited about for instance the -- as I mentioned earlier the iPad gives us a chance to now start from scratch with the user interface that is using web technology, not cable box technology. We also have better and newer boxes coming out and we have new guides to replace old guides. So there is an awful lot happening but I think with a new series of devices that allow people to consume more. You are seeing actual usage go up and you are seeing more people in this space and that's just the reality and part of that is great for our broadband business, part of it increases our innovation speed and part of it establishes relationships that are new for the consumer like in Netflix and all that is in the market but net, net I think there is -- we're in a wonderful position to grow and that's what I think we're focused on and hopefully we'll integrate well with others as they enter the marketplace because that's something our consumers want. That's what Neil's talking about with the end to end consumer experience.
Jason Bazinet - Citi: Okay. Thank you very much.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks Jason. Operator, lets go to the next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jason Armstrong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs: Hey, thanks good morning. A couple of questions. First on programming costs. The largest sequential decline we've seen in several years -- I'm just wondering what's driving this. And then margins pricing upside on most of the ARPU metrics, it looks like; it would seem to point opportunities for margin expansion. So how should we be thinking through this? Thanks.
Neil Smit: Hi Jason. It's Neil. I think programming costs will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter -- year-to-year based on the terms of the deal and deals that are renewing at that time. So I don't think I'd read too much into that. They were up about 5% in the third and year-to-date. I think we're getting more value out of our programming relationships in terms of BOD and online availability of contents and I think from a margin perspective -- I think there were -- the programming costs were not able to increase our video rates at the rate that the programming costs are going up and I think that's a trend that will probably continue. On the margin side we're focusing on both effectiveness and efficiency. So you saw customer service -- improvement in costs year-over-year and I think that's due to efficiency. We're managing our operations from a call center prospective a little bit more efficiently while improving service levels and I think we're going to try and manage the business so that we can try and hold margins but I think that will fluctuate and time will tell.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks Jason. Operator, lets go to the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stefan Anninger with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Stefan Anninger - Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks for taking my question. My question is for Neil. I'm here with Spencer who has a question for Steve. Neil, can you discuss your HSD pricing strategy over the longer term and more specifically, do you believe that you can increase the price differential between bundled and unbundled HSE and perhaps helping to offset any future basic losses?
Neil Smit: I think the pricing strategy will fluctuate based on market conditions. I don't think there -- I believe that we have a fixed strategy. We respond to market conditions from a bundling perspective. As we've seen the triple play continues to offer more value to customers and we continue to increase the percentage of triple play customers. We do see an HSD only package to customers who want that and we'll -- if that continues so well we will continue to respond to market conditions in that regard.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: I just have a quick question, Brian or Steve. Just given the number of programmer and MSO disputes over the last 12 months. Can you just update us on your thoughts on the re-trends regime and your thoughts? Do you think that the re-trends must carry regime, it should be modified or what would you advocate for. Thanks.
Brian Roberts:  I think we have consistently said that we witnessed new transaction. We can hopefully play a constructive role and any new thinking that has to take place around this space and so this doesn't really change anything because I think the anticipation of these disputes we are having same one in the market place today but at this point by being a cable operator and a broadcaster perhaps we can foster ideas that will not have the consumer to be taught in the middle there. So, we will just have to take one step at a time but we think there is an opportunity to play a constructive role.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you.
Marlene Dooner:  Thanks Spencer, thanks Stefan. Operator let's go to the next question please.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley:  Thank you. Good morning, just a follow up on the cost side for Neil and then I have a question for Brian. Two of the expense buckets you guys break out technical labor and administrative and other which were both down in the first half of the year or were up quite a bit in Q3 which surprised me a little bit just because you are moving through I think towards the end of the our digital roll out where I think you are going to see some pretty nice savings in terms of truck rolls and sort of overall activity level. So, I don't, Neil if there is any comment you want to make there to help us think about going forward or what the drivers where and then for Brian, everyone is starting focused on Xfinity TV or TV everywhere how you want to describe, or let me one of the most focused on initiatives in the industry in many years. Now that it's launched can you sort of talk about your vision for the product. Particularly given that you have done deal now with CBS ten year deal which I think contemplates a lot of what you are trying to do here. How do we think about the number of screens you can push this product to devices, mobile broadband, internet connected TVs, how do you think about windowing. Are you going to get, so you are looking to have in-season access to all these shows on multiple windows or prior seasons. No one is really in the position that Comcast is into sort of drive this product and I am curious what your vision is for this service?
Brian Roberts:  Mike do you want to talk about the first part?
Michael Angelakis:  Yeah I will talk about expense. Those two categories, technical labor was higher due to a couple of factors. One is our capitalization and there was less capitalization and more expense our OpEx as we discussed for that. The second reason in tech flavor was that we have launched a program that really focuses on the quality of our CPE's. We are doing much more testing of the CPE across various facets and it provides a temporary OpEx hit but we think it's the right thing to do for the customer in the long term and long term it will take the boxes out of the system that are prone to problems and we think it's the right thing to do for the customer. On the admin side I don't think I would read much into that it's just fluctuation quarter-to-quarter and overall that expense. We feel good about on the
Brian Roberts: I think for Xfinity TV and TV everywhere we are at the beginning of that in my opinion not anywhere near the end. Ultimately, when we lay down our initial vision, which we called project Infinity a couple of years ago at CES, as a technical matter where you would like to get to is have a architecture and a capability that any piece of content could be accessed by the consumer on any device at any time and then its up to the content rights holder to determine whether they want to sell it at all, at that moment, in different windows. All the things you said -- they get advertising support and have an additional charge for it were any other model and that the technology that our industry can bring or Comcast can perhaps lead with is things like the CCDN and with the architecture of our VOD infrastructure coupled with the WiFi in the home initially focused very much in the home and now new devices like the tablets which I think we're just seeing the very beginning of, the number of people who are going to make tablets and the rapid nature by which the price is going to decline in my opinion will accelerate this architecture to be taken well and used by the consumer. We're just starting. Ultimately it would be wonderful if there was an expectation by the consumers, they would now where the shows are and in what windows. Today you know when a movie comes out you to the theater and so many months later you can buy a DVD and you see it on paid television and etcetera and then On Demand. Its all over the place right now and people are experimenting with different windows and different models and old episodes, new episodes, future episodes and I think until there is enough content that there is an understanding by the consumer, it will be adopted by some but not by all and our job is try to make it simple, ubiquitous and have the technical platform handle the volumes that we hope will ultimately come.
Neil Smit: We feel very confident that we can secure a lot of content because we had this experience when we did free video on demand six or seven years ago. The concept didn't really even exist. We had to sit down with the content companies and talk about why we thought it was a good idea. It started a little slow in the beginning but at a certain point it really took shape and then took off and we think the same thing will happen with TV everywhere and one of the nice things about the NBC Universal deal is it will allow us to sort of speed that process up a little bit. But ultimately, this will be good for our customers because they are paying for these products on one device and we'd like to give these products to them on more devices at more different times.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks a lot.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks Ben. Operator, lets go to the next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant with Citadel Securities. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant - Citadel Securities: Thanks. Questions f or Neil. On the details on the high speed data ARPU growth which is nearly 5% year-over-year, can you sort of breakdown how much was high speed, plans being taken, price increase as well as the commercial and I really have a sort of an observation and want to get your reaction is. It is -- there has been a lot of talk about over the top impact t o multi channel video and but if you sort of look at the pricing that most operators have for the faster speed tiers of broadband, if there is over the top this kind of cost cutting, cable operators actually on the margin a little better or even neutral given the margin of the two businesses, thanks.
Neil Smit: Yeah, a few thoughts. One is our HSD ARPU we were pleased with but most of that was due to customers taking higher speeds. So ass Brian mentioned, we rolled out 50 Meg servers to about 40 million homes and 105 Meg to about 25 million homes. So we are continuing to offer higher speed to customers and that is really what's driving the ARPU. So, over 20% of our customer subscribed to the higher speed tiers that are black level which is 8 Meg and above. So that's what's driving the speeds. Rate adjustments were a factor, but I would say that will continue to monitor and the rate and volume and manage that as the economy evolves. I think you are right in terms of the potential opportunity as if over the top and there comes to into been and there is more consumption of online video, we feel very good about our capacity that's one of the reasons we have invested so heavily in DOCSIS 3.0. We feel that big pipe into the house is important and we will continue to investment in speed increases like that, like DOCSIS 3.0. We think it's an important component and the consumers continue to consume more bandwidth.
Vijay Jayant - Citadel Securities: Thank you.
Marlene Dooner:  Thanks Vijay. Operator let's go to the next question please.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo:  Thanks I had two questions; one is a little bit longer term. At what point do you no longer need the set top box, soon as it becomes extinct and what impact do you think it has on your business and then secondly and more immediately the double digit ARPU growth that we saw in the quarter, is this a trend or is this just a one quarter event?
Michael Angelakis:  I will take the ARPU growth; we are very focused on ARPU. I can't tell you whether the double digit is going to be a short, medium or long term trend but certainly we are focused on the selling bundled services which is triple play selling advanced services in terms of more HD DVR, selling more pay on the VOD. So, we are very focused on ARPU management as one of the really critical metric in terms of how we manage the business. So I really don't want to forecast where that's going but if you look at trends over the last several years we have been able to grow that number consistently.
Brian Roberts:  The set-top box thing Neil you want to comment to but basically I think there will be set top boxes for a long time but the world is beginning to see technologies that can in some cases do away with the set top boxes. Some of your services we have digital adapters for much Television as Neil said over 15 million the world is changing and evolving very rapidly and we want to serve all spaces. That said the most exciting products we are working on that allow you to have tremendous functionality right on the TV to have set-top boxes involve with them and some customers will not want all that and will want a different model and so we are working on all -- all across the landscape. Also as more and more moves into the cloud and into a different architectures we have to handle that as well. So it's an interesting time technically and cable adaptors are looking at a lot of these different things. Neil?
Neil Smit:  Yeah I think that I agree with Brian, the set-top box will be around for a while simply because we feel very focused  we feel it's very important to manage the rights of that content and the set-top box and something that enables that. That being said as deploy technologies such as EBIF, it enables different thing. Such there are remote iPad that Brian showed at the NCTA National Show so we can work more on the user interface and excess access to that content and we can work more across platforms as Steve referred to, whether it's the television, the DVR, VOD; we can have a consisting user interface and I think that's a real important development in the overall customer experience. Net, net we're probably more exited about our road map of innovation because of the trends its occurring and ultimately one could say there will be less and less boxes perhaps needed over time but I don't think it's a binary event that's going to happen anytime soon.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo: Okay. Thank you.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks Marci. Operator, lets have the next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Greenfield with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG: Hi, thanks for the question. When you look at these broadcaster websites, whether its ABC.com or whether it's the ABC iPad player, which are available free to the world with advertising, how do you think about the impact of what the broadcasters are trying to do vis--vis the re-trends demand that we see continue to escalate across the board and where do you think that all shakes out over time. Even before you get NBC, just what is the impact from all of that where do you think, whether it's Hulu or the ABC player, how does all this change over the next couple of years?
Brian Roberts: Well one of the points we've tried to make -- there is going to be a market and the market is going to have many other people and Comcast involved in that. So whether its cable vision and Fox or other companies and their negotiations, those negotiations are going to have a free market and a set of model. Clearly the broadcasters would like as many eyeballs as possible to their shows and since they're broadcasting into the air, it makes a lot of sense to put a lot of shows on the internet. The what exactly the show -- and exactly what window is up to each content company and again I do believe we can try to help the balance that is going on as the technology enables consumers to do more and content and distribution companies are trying to enable all that to happen in a way that is good for their stakeholders. I think we have an ability to be constructive force and ultimately give consumers more access and more windows on more devices and that's the strategy we're trying to pursue.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks Rich. Operator, lets have the last question please.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line Bryan Kraft with Evercore Partners. Please go ahead.
Bryan Kraft - Evercore Partners: Hi, thanks. Two short ones. I guess first, how do you see the myriad of rights issues that are today an impediment to a more comprehensive Xfinity TV online rollout being completed and how many years do you think that process reasonably takes to complete and then the second question was just if you could maybe give us an update on your wireless strategy and how you are thinking about approaching that market and how you're thinking has changed maybe over the last year. Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Well I think on the myriad of rights, I think Steve's answer was right on which is -- and its consistent where these platforms are getting enabled and we're just starting to look at each new device and new window and in the home and potentially out of the home and its -- your right, its complicated. But I think everybody is trying to pull in the same direction because of piracy. You got a looming issue that if you don't there are other ways consumers can get this content. So it's in everyone's interest to come up with authenticated and authentic copies of the content to into the consumer so I think we are very pleased with the announcement this week Xfinity TV has I don't know something like a 150,000 different choices and you are now on devices that have wonderful navigation and search capabilities and these are all very important steps as we now have more devices allow users to play those contents not just at a fixed PC. On wireless my sense is the steps we have taken are couple of different areas, the one that's most intriguing to me at the moment is sort of the last foot. The last foot may want to have some display on a wireless device using WiFi in the home. As you get these tablets, that's what make some things and our ability combined with the EBIS that Neil was just talking about really it gives some unique capabilities to interact from the wireless device right to your set-top for those of you that have a Crestron type remote in your home. High-end consumers have wanted this. Now we are going to be able to bring this to everyone who has a few hundred dollars in a tablet. So, otherwise we continue to monitor the wireless business but I think we are very pleased the way we deal all data businesses and that's really how we looked at wireless.
Bryan Kraft - Evercore Partners: Are you still continuing to roll out markets with the laptop connect cards with the same kind of resources and data behind it or is that maybe less emphasis on that now?
Brian Roberts:  Yeah Brian we continue to roll out markets with the data cards, we have worked with the different pricing models and we found that combined 3G, 4G works well and using it as an add-on service to the triple play seems to improve take rate. So, we will continue to that as well as we are looking at the WiFi I mentioned in Philadelphia and we will monitor how that proceeds.
Bryan Kraft - Evercore Partners: Thanks very much.
Marlene Dooner:  Thanks Brian and thank you all for joining us this morning. 
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:30 PM Eastern Time. It will run through Monday, November 1st at midnight Eastern Time. The dial in number is 800-642-1687 and the conference ID number is 10950140. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating and you may all disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Marlene Dooner - SVP, IR Brian Roberts - CEO Michael Angelakis - CFO Steve Burke - COO Neil Smit - President 
Analysts: Jason Bazinet - Citi Jessica Reif-Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Hodulik - UBS Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank James Ratcliffe - Barclays Capitals Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities Mike McCormack - JPMorgan 
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Comcast's Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, operator and welcome everyone to our second quarter 2010 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Brian Roberts, Steve Burk, Michael Angelakis and Neil Smit. As always let me first refer you to slide number 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that let me now turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments, Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thanks Marlene and good morning everyone. Today we are pleased to report strong financial results for the second quarter and the first half as we continue to focus on profitable growth. In the second quarter, revenue and operating cash flow growth accelerated to 6%, and we generated $1.4 billion of free cash flow, an increase of 16%. These results reflect improved video revenue, double-digit growth and high speed internet and voice revenues and strong momentum in our business services group. In addition, a stronger advertising market helped us achieve advertising revenue of 20% or more in both our cable and programming businesses. These healthy financial results also take into account the typical seasonality in our cable markets in the second quarter and other promotional activities last year including the country's digital transition.  I believe our strong results demonstrate that we are striking a good balance between revenue, cash flow and customer growth. And we remain disciplined in managing operating expenses and capital. It's still difficult to see perfectly the direction and strength of the economy. So, we remain cautious but optimistic about our ability to continue to execute in this environment.  Under the new leadership of Neil Smit, who is of to a fantastic start internally, we are continuing to make steady progress deploying all digital and DOCSIS 3.0 strategic initiatives that dramatically improve our product offerings to consumers and strengthen our competitive positive now and in the future.  We have now deployed all digital and about 60% of our markets, and we're currently active in 80% of our footprint allowing us to significantly increase our product offering in HD television, foreign language programming and on-demand. We're also building a leadership position in 3D with movies, events and sports.  We now reach more than 80% of our footprint with DOCSIS 3.0, which reinforces our product superiority as we double the speed to our existing customers, and introduce new higher speed services like 50 megabits to more than 40 million homes available. We're also delivering accelerating growth in revenues and operating cash and strong growth in free cash flow while we invest to improve the customers experience and to support new growth opportunities that position the company for future success.  Another opportunity for Comcast is NBC Universal, which Steve Burke has turned much of his focus to planning on a successful integration. We're eight months into the regulatory approval process, and we're on track to close this transaction we hope by year-end. As Steve will discuss, we are well underway in our planning, and we are more excited about the prospects of this combination now than we first announced the transaction last December.  It provides the real opportunities to deliver the best entertainment experience to consumers, and to drive value creation for our shareholders. Let me now pass to Michael Angelakis to cover the second quarter results in more detail. Mike?
Michael Angelakis:  Thank you, Brian. Let me begin by briefly reviewing our consolidated results starting on slide four. Overall, we are pleased with our second quarter results reflecting our continued focus on profitable growth as we continue to balance revenue operating cash flow and customer growth and remain very focused on expense and capital management. Second quarter consolidated revenue increased 6.1% to 9.5 billion, and operating cash flow grew 5.7% to 3.7 billion resulting in a consolidated operating cash flow margin of 39.2%. This quarters operating cash flow results include approximately 22 million of operating expense related to the NBC Universal transaction which is included in our corporate and other segments. Excluding these costs consolidated operating cash flow grew 6.3% and our operating cash flow margin increased at 39.5% from 39.4% in 2009. We are also very focused on free cash flow and free cash flow per share and earnings per share as important metric in evaluating the strength of the enterprise. In each of this key metric our performance during the second quarter and on a year-to-date basis were strong and reflected continued progress and growth. During the second quarter we generated consolidated free cash flow of 1.4 billion an increase of 15.8% versus the second quarter of last year. On a year-to-date basis, free cash flow has increased 27.8% to 3.2 billion from 2.5 billion in 2009. In addition, free cash flow per share increased 20% in the quarter to $0.48 per share and year-to-date free cash flow per share has increased 31% to a $1.15 per share compared to the same period in 2009. In the second quarter, excluding total NBCU related costs of 59 million and tax benefits in last years second quarter earnings per share grew 13.8% to $0.33 per share from $0.29 per share last year. On a year-to-date basis again, excluding NBC related cost of 88 million in the first half of this year and tax benefits during the first half of 2009 EPS grew 18.5% over the comparable period in 2009. Please refer to slide five to review the cable division's second quarter results. Second quarter cable revenue increased 5.1% to 8.9 billion reflecting accelerating organic growth in each of our businesses including video, high speed internet, voice and business services as well as a continued improvement in cable advertising. Customer growth was relatively strong in the first five months of the year but in June customer additions were softer than expected and this is continued into July. We believe this reflects a continuing soft economy and competition as well as a natural roll off of single product video customers we had gained from the 12 month promotions related to the broadcast visual transition. For the second quarter, total video, high speed internet and voice customers grew to 47.8 million an increase of 3.4% or 1.6 million new customer additions over the last 12 months. Despite the seasonally affected customer growth total revenue per video customer increased 8% to a $128 per month in the second quarter and reflects rate increases in video and high speed data, a higher contribution from Comcast business services and the increasing number of customers taking multiple products. At the end of the second quarter, 31% of our video customers took all three services compared to 26% at the end of last year's second quarter. For the second quarter of 2010 total video revenue has started to accelerate and increased 0.7% reflecting rate adjustments and increasing number of our customers taking higher level of our digital services and improved pay-per-view performance driven by day-and-date movies and events. We now have 23.2 million video customers. High speed internet revenue increased a healthy 10.3% during the quarter reflecting rate adjustments and more customers taking higher speed services. We now have 16.4 million high speed internet customers with penetration of 32.2%. Voice revenue also posted a strong growth by increasing 14.3% for the quarter as we continue to grow our customer base. We now have over 8 million voice customers with penetration of 16.5%. We continue to have real success in the small end of the business market with business services revenue increasing 54.4% to 306 million for the second quarter. Excluding the contribution from our CIMCO and NGT acquisitions completed in the first quarter, revenue increased 45%. We expect the momentum in the small end of the business market to continue and we are enthusiastic about the opportunity to expand our sell backhaul business and our capabilities to serve mid sized businesses. As I mentioned cable advertising continue to rebound as revenue in the second quarter increased 22.6%. This improvement was led by a continued strength in automotive as well as a solid recovery in almost every category. Please refer to slide 6 to review our cable division's operating cash flow results. Second quarter operating cash flow increased 5.7% to 3.7 billion. Our cable operating cash flow margin remained relatively stable at 41.3%, a 20 basis point improvement compared to last year's second quarter. Total expenses in our cable segment increased 4.6%, reflecting higher programming and marketing expenses. Programming expenses increased 6.4% this quarter reflecting the addition of new programming, contract resets and higher pay per view expenses. As I mentioned last quarter we do expect programming expenses to increase at a higher rate in the subsequent quarters. Marketing expenses increased 12.3% this quarter reflecting a continued investment in direct sales, our retail channel as well as cost associated with the ongoing roll out of our new XFINITY branding campaign which will be in 80% of our markets by year end. We are constantly evaluating our cost structure to gain more efficiencies. In the second quarter customer service expense declined 2.4% and technical labor expense declined 7.6% as we benefitted of efficiency initiatives which resulted in lower activity levels, higher coal automation and customer self service. Given the economic backdrop, we have also been very focused on delinquencies and our bad debt expense and now have seen bad debt expense decline for four consecutive quarters. Please refer to slide 7 to review our capital expenditures for this quarter. In the second quarter of 2010 capital expenditures increased 1.5% to 1.1 billion representing 11.9% of total revenue. The modest uptick in the level of CapEx spend this quarter reflects an increased investment to support the growth and expansion in business services and product enhancement initiatives in the areas of converged products, IP technology and switch digital video. These items together with the timing of CPE purchases contributed to the sequential increase in CapEx from the first to the second quarter. During the second quarter we deployed 4.6 billion digital set tops and adaptors including 4 million digital adaptors in support of the all digital roll out. We have now deployed almost 13 million digital adaptors since the exception of the all digital project. This quarter we also deployed almost 500,000 advanced HD and or DVR Set-tops as we added 154,000 advanced service customers in the second quarter. We now have 9.7 million HiDef and or DRV customers equal to 50% of our digital customer base and 42% of all video customers. Year-to-date capital expenditure decreased 9.6% to 2.1 billion or 11% of revenue. However looking ahead, we do expect CapEx will modestly increase in the second half of 2010 as we continue to invest a sustained momentum in business services and expand our efforts for the mid-sized businesses and sell backhaul. With over 80% of our footprint now wideband enabled, we have substantially completed our wideband project, but we will continue our rollout of all digital and expect to be substantially complete with this project by year-end. Even with all the product and business oriented growth investments, we expect our 2010 capital expenditures will be lower and both absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue when compared with last year. Please refer to slide eight. Our priority for allocating capital has been consistent, to be return oriented and to profitably invest in the operating and strategic needs of our business. We will continue to deploy capital to our businesses that provide attractive incremental returns, enhanced our competitive position and delivers sustainable organic growth. Our discipline and return focus approach to CapEx has help drive significant growth in free cash flow generation and as I mentioned previously, this quarter's free cash flow increased 15.8% to 1.4 billion and free cash flow per share increased to 20% to $0.48 per share. Year-to-date, free cash flow increased 27.8% to 3.2 billion and free cash flow per share increased 30.7% with $1.15 per share. Reflecting our strong commitment to return capital directly to shareholders, in the second quarter, we repurchased 17.3 million of our common shares with 300 million and year-to-date we have repurchased 36.4 million shares for $600 million. As of June 30th, we have approximately 2.7 billion availability remaining under our share repurchase authorization, as we have previously indicated we intend to complete this repurchase subject to market conditions by the end of 2012. Also during the quarter, we paid a cash dividend totaling 267 million. Today, we paid our third quarterly dividend totaling 265 million for total of 800 million year-to-date. The combination of dividends and stock buyback resulted in a total payout ratio approximately 44% of our last 12 months free cash flow. Based on our current stock price, this combined return of capital now represent in excess of a 4% yield. Now, let me turn it over to Steve.
Steve Burke: Thanks Mike. As you just heard, we're pleased with our second quarter results as we are effectively balancing financial and customer growth. Financially, we saw a good acceleration in both revenue and operating cash flow and believe our product and efficiency initiatives like all digital, DOCSIS 3.0 and challenged 2010, a beginning to have a real positive impact on our results. On the unit side, the second quarter is seasonally slow for us in both video and high-speed data due to the numbers of customers and college-in-vacation towns. In fact, for high-speed data, the more successfully we are at adding these customers in the third quarter, the more pronounced this second quarter seasonality becomes the following year. However, I think it's important to note that in the first half of 2010, we've added 517,000 new high-speed data customers, that's an increase of 31%over the first half of 2009. In addition to seasonality, last years second quarter included a significant amount of promotional activity related to the National Digital Transition. As these deeply discounted promotions are rolling off we are being disciplined in the offers we are providing these customers. However, these are price sensitive, high churn customers and we elected not to chase them. When you look at the quarter overall, we effectively manage the business for profitable growth. In the second quarter, we reported improved video revenue, double digit growth in high speed internet and voice revenue. Also the momentum in business service continues, we are firing in all cylinders in this business and as Mike mentioned, we are maintaining our 40% to 50% growth rate even as our base gets bigger. In addition, advertising continued to really turn around. Also our financials show that we've been very effective in driving average revenue per unit or ARPU growth. Over the last three quarters video ARPU has increased 5% and high speed data ARPU has increased over 4%, as a result both revenue and operating cash flow growth in the second quarter accelerated. We expect the momentum to continue in the second half of this year as we continue to focus on targeted retention and acquisition offers in an effort to get the right balance and the right products to the right customer. Moving on to advertising, in the first half of 2010, cable advertising increased 23%, the turn around in the advertising business has been dramatic. Particularly compared to the first half of 2009, when advertising declined 21%. As Mike mentioned earlier this growth was lead by the auto sector, but we are seeing real improvements across many categories, including retail, food and beverage, healthcare and education, which all posted double digit increases. Importantly political advertising is starting to ramp from November 2010. We should see this gain momentum in the second half of 2010 as political campaigns heat up around the country. This rebound in advertising is occurring across all areas including local, regional and national. We're also seeing advertising strength in our programming business; ad revenue is up 21% in the second quarter for the programming group compared to a 7% decline in the second quarter of last year. Driven by a strong advertising performance across all our networks and real rating strength at E!, VERSUS and G4. Both E! And G4 had there most watched and highest rated second quarters in there history and VERSUS had its most watched second quarter prime driven by the NHL playoffs. The scatter market continues to be very strong and we are optimistic about the momentum in advertising in our programming business. When you look at advertising for Comcast, combining the programming business and cable, advertising is about $2.5 billion a year, a large number but not all the significant compared to 35 billion in total revenues. With a combined NBC Universal and Comcast, advertising revenue will approach a very meaningful $10 billion. Having the advertising market rebound is a very good thing for the combined company. Moving on the NBC Universal, we as all of you know have done a number of successful acquisitions over the years, but in every deal it's seems like from the time you announce to the time you close, a number of things inevitably go wrong. What's been really exiting about NBC Universal is that since we announced the deal in December, there had been mainly positive turnarounds. Most notably the advertising business which is very important, but also our ability to put in place some financing given market conditions that is very attractive and a number of creative improvements. At NBC, at the strong cable channels and also at Universal Studios with the recent hit at the box office of the new movie "Despicable Me" which could turn into a real successful franchise. On our end, currently we're highly focused on the planning as to how we will execute once we close this transition. We are careful about the rules and regulations regarding this, or planning both administratively and strategically for the business post close. We're meeting weekly to identify growth opportunities in order to hit the ground running when the deal closes. At this point, we remain even more excited than we were -- when we announced the transaction in December, and look forward to close by the end of this year.  Now let me turn it back to Marlene for Q&A.
Marlene Dooner :  Thanks Steve. Operator, let's open up the call for the Q&A please.
Operator:  Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer-session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citi. Please go ahead. 
Jason Bazinet - Citi: Thanks so much. I just have a question for Mr. Smith. I was just wondering if you could give us sort of comparing contrast between your experience in chartering what you sort of experience so far Comcast sort of way in on sort of where you see the greatest opportunity either on the cost side or on the revenue side based on what you learned so far? Thank you. 
Neil Smit:  Hi, Jason. I think that the number one is I've been really surprised by the enthusiasm and the motivation of folks here. There is really pride in being part of Comcast. I think the scale of the business is impressive, and that as we do things as one entity and we are well aligned, we can really move the needle. I think I'm really focused on aligning the business around some big themes and getting focused as well as customer service. I think we've made a lot of progress part of my arrival here in customer service, and we are now leveraging some of that we are sharing calls more between the various entities. We are doing in self service area. We are doing more in self service area. We are doing more intra day monitoring of calls, and really we're focusing on sharing the best practices between the regions that been went out to the regions and divisions. There is a lot of good things happening and we're trying to leverage that across the business. So, they are also there is where we are really focused on here.
Jason Bazinet - Citi:  Okay, thank you very much. 
Marlene Dooner : Thanks Jason. Operator, let's go the next question, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. What Brian and Steve mentioned that you were more excited now than even before regarding NBC Universal, so I was just wondering with what different is just the advertising turnaround or the other things that you can do that you want, didn't think before, and could you give us just an update on the regulatory side you still expect the year-end close, or it's just too optimistic?
Brain Roberts: Well, Jessica I think advertising is got be sort of that the biggest headline if you look we signed a deal last December most companies that we were advertising base were going backwards. Today eight months later, to be going pick up 15, 20, 25% is a big deal for the company that's going to have $10 billion of advertising. Secondly, a lot of the financing that we are putting in place because the market is favorable than we assumed it would be is coming in, has come in at very attractive rates. Third, I think really in a number of the businesses, they had a number of wins, and that stretches from NBC to the cable channels to Universal Studios. The entry to the animation business with "Despicable Me" is a big deal in our opinion. And then finally, we spent a lot of time doing post-merger planning and has been through a lot of the businesses, the NBC executives have looked at our cable businesses and we keep identifying more and more opportunities to do things together that can enhance value. So, if you look at some of our deals when we do the AT&T broadband deal it was right before Enron, right before the world fell up on the stock market went down, interest rates started to gyrate. So, we have been there before when it feels like everything is going against you in this instance it certainly feels like everything that we can see that's major is going our way.
Brian Roberts: I think on the regulatory front Jessica, there is really no new news. The process is well underway and we are still hopeful for a year end, before year end close.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks Jessica, operator let's go to the next question please.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Hodulik - UBS:  Okay, thanks. Good morning. Could you just comment on the level of competition you are seeing in the residential market? Looks like the broadband weakness that you guys saw was also prevalent throughout the industry. Maybe a sense for what's happening there, it's just sort of seasonal and maybe cyclical issues and then following up on Jessica's question about the regulatory side. Is it possible there is a point to handicap the possibility of a negotiated settlement on as it comes to Title II? Thanks.
Neil Smit:  Hi, John its Neil. I think clearly we saw a sequential slowdown in HSD but year-over-year in the quarter we were up 80% and year-to-date we put on 517 case up and are up about 31%. Revenue this quarter was up 10%. So -- and over the past four quarters we have put on more HSD sales in AT&T and Verizon combined. So, we are very pleased with our financial performance, we are very pleased with the way our product is positioned and we see great opportunities going forward. I will pass it over to Brian.
Brian Roberts:  On Title II or reclassification of broadband or whatever you want to refer to it, we feel pretty pleased that there is a constructive dialogue around this area and with the FCC and with number of stakeholders. We have on the one hand the national broadband plan needs reasonable rules to allow them to implement plan that we think many elements they were very supportive of and so as the chairman has talked about a third way proposal and that's one possibility, it seems like the extreme scenarios are off the table from our perspective but there is -- we are hopeful that there is a constructive process underway to try to find regulatory solutions that can allow the businesses to go forward with some certainty to be pro-investment and pro-innovation and at the same time establish some ground rules that everyone can find constructive. So, we are working on that and when there is something definitive we will be able to report it, I am still hopeful.
John Hodulik - UBS: Okay. Thanks.
Marlene Dooner:  Thanks John. Operator let's go to the next question please.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Jason Armstrong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs:  Thanks. Good morning, couple of questions maybe first just on video competition if you can talk about what you saw during the quarter in particular relative to some of the satellite promotions including free HD and then on the margin trajectory surprising upside on couple of key ARPU metric video and HIS. Should we be thinking about this translating into further margin expansion over the balance of the year? Thanks.
Neil Smit:  Hi, Jason its Neil. On the video side I think there were a few factors that Steve referred to. The first was seasonality and I think the impact has been more pronounced as we have executed better on some of the back-to-school campaigns. The second was DTV and a promo roll off. We estimate about 100 K gain, or more than a 100-K gain for the DTV campaign last year and we had some promo roll off that occurred within the quarter. And I think on the competitive side, I think it's no surprise that it's a more competitive environment. We've got three plus competitors in any, in most of our markets and I think with the economy you're going to see more promotional activity. I think if you go to the destination price that the customer ultimately pays at the end of all the promotional activities rolling off. We feel very good about our products and our pricing. I'll turn it over to Michael on the margin side.
Michael Angelakis: Yeah, morning Jason. So on the margin side we've been very pleased with the stability of the margin. We've actually seen it grow a little bit, both on a cable side and on the consolidated side and that includes absorbing a lot of initiatives that we've been pursuing as well as the NBCU costs. So I think the team has done a terrific job of really managing a margin over several years. If you look at one of the slides that I had, you can see that the margins are remarkably stable over a long period of time and that again involves absorbing meaningful costs. With regards to ARPU you're seeing a couple of things. One, we have done rate adjustments which I mentioned on both video and high speed. And also we are selling more three product and double product bundles. It's really now about, almost one out of three of our customers take three services. So that has helped a lot as well and I think it's just a testament to the execution of the cable team.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks Jason. Operator, lets go to the next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Spencer Wang with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: Thanks, good morning. Two quick questions. The first I guess is for Neil. Some of the housing data points over the last couple of months have been fairly troublesome. So I was wondering if you could just speak to how you think this will affect the RGU outlook for the second half. And then the second question is for Brian. It seems like IP Video was a big topic at the cable show this year. So I was interested in your thoughts or interested in going out of market or out of footprint with IP delivered video, thanks.
Neil Smit: Hi Spencer. I think your point is fair that -- I think consumer confidence hasn't recovered yet and there are fewer occupied living units to buy our services. That being said, as Michael mentioned, our ARPU is strong. We're selling more advanced services. We're selling more triple play and we've got a great value proposition in our phone product. So I think we've able to offset a lot of that, the foreclosure issue with the economy and we'll continue to be competitive in our product set and continue to adjust our product bundling and our offers to meet the market conditions.
Brian Roberts: On our technological plans, our principal focus really is in market. We continue to believe that's a business that we understand, that we understand the business model. We've not seen other business models that make sense to us at this time; so, out of market. In market we've tired with Fancast national websites. But in market our focus is trying to really give our customers the benefit of the IP technology. That can be in the form of the iPad app that we showed at the cable show where you're able to get on the web and see what's available and control your TV better to more on-demand online features on devices if you, one of our customers and this cross platform acceleration of capabilities using IP technology is going to continue to happen it's an exciting time, but we continue to believe that this is part of what's powering our broadband business. Our Wi-Fi really helps enable the last foot if you will to let the consumer device be almost whatever they wanted to be for that last foot, but that last mile is best with our cable and pretty bullish on consumption and usage, and how that's going to power our business and the investments we're making in capital to have the best, the best facilities to a broadband video-on-demand, HiDef and the like.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: Great, thank you.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks Spencer. Operator, let's go to the next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Craig Moffett : Hi good morning. Question for Neil and I guess for Brian, a strategic question. As you get to the end of Project Cavalry, or at least you've now got a all digital rolled out in enough markets, what is your capacity utilization look like in those markets and how as you're thinking evolved about, what do you actually do with all of that extra capacity and how do you take advantage of a strategically and competitively once it's there?
 Sanford Bernstein: Hi good morning. Question for Neil and I guess for Brian, a strategic question. As you get to the end of Project Cavalry, or at least you've now got a all digital rolled out in enough markets, what is your capacity utilization look like in those markets and how as you're thinking evolved about, what do you actually do with all of that extra capacity and how do you take advantage of a strategically and competitively once it's there?
Neil Smit: Hi Craig. Well, as Brian mentioned our All-Digitals rolled out about 60% of our footprint and we're active in about 80%. We've been successful on those rollouts, and we've -- we're seeing great opportunity as you mentioned in freeing, and upping our bandwidth capacity. I think a few examples of that as we've rolled out XFINITY in markets, we're offering over 100 HiDef channels, we've doubled the amount of foreign language programming to between 50 or 70 channels.  We've launched on-demand with more than 20,000 TV and movie choices. We've eliminated in some of our more mature markets about 25% of the truck rolls, so it comes in the form of being able to offer more content in the video side, higher speeds on the HSD side, and more operational efficiencies and I think those are some of the tangible benefits of that. I think as we move forward in that, our capacity has increased, it will really depend on consumer needs and demands how we utilized that capacity going forward.
Craig Moffett : I guess a good answer.
 Sanford Bernstein: I guess a good answer.
Neil Smit: I would add 3D interactive advertising, ethnic programming, business services, one of the great things about what happened to Comcast and the cable industry in general the last five to 10 years, Steve used to refer to us we're going to be a new products company. For longtime, I never quite understood what that would mean, and if you really think about that's what we become, and we have a number of products and as the competitive nature of each of those areas and the demand that's put on them to have a network it's finding a way to get more capacity is a really important and strategic assets for the company.
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Is there anything you say Brian about the differences in operating or financial results in post-Cavalry markets and pre-Cavalry markets?
Brian Roberts: I can say operationally, generally, we have what we called power rankings, between our different regions and it's stacked up financial results, customer service type results, operational results. And generally speaking, the markets that are more matured and their Cavalry rollout that have had it for a longer time period and to be higher in our overall power rankings which is a very comprehensive way of looking at the business, so that's probably the most tangible evidence we have of the benefits of Cavalry.
Brian Roberts:  And then just to add to that Greg, it's been a very good -- let's say ROI effort for us as well, we've spent time analyzing those mature markets and certainly as Neil mentioned from a cost stand point, there is real savings and we've been very pleased. We will look to possibly share some of that later this year, early next year as the more data matures.
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Yes that's helpful, thank you.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Craig. Operator lets go to the next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you, good morning. Just a couple of questions I guess to anybody who wants to take them, but I think Mike maybe you mentioned video on demands premiums earlier in your prepared remarks and video ARPU showed a very nice acceleration this quarter. Just curious or maybe if Steve if you could talk about how much the shifting window on VOD is helping that business and obviously with Universal coming down the pipe, you're going to have more opportunities to look at how you maximize the VOD platform. I think this is a business that probably has a lot of up sides, I'm curious if you could talk about that and then second maybe for Neil, I don't think anybody mentioned the Clearwire High-Speed 2go product, just curious how that roll out is going and if your putting a lot of marketing muscle behind that, how do you think the customer reception and price points are working so far?
Mike Angelakis: Why don't I take the VOD, I mean VOD is performing well, we are having more and more titles with day-and-date which actually has driven some VOD pay-per-view revenue, so that's a real positive effort and, Universal, we think will be an interracial part of how that strategy develops, so we've seen real progress in the day-and-date aspect and that has converted into revenue growth which we are pretty happy about.
Neil Smit: I still think there is a lot more potential there about half the films right now we're getting day-and-date with DVD and as that 50% gets closer to a 100% and consumers can pretty much count it, the films being there day-and-date, I think there is a chance for a big jump as part of Project XFINITY we now have 70,000 hours of VOD capacity in many of our big markets and you look at the ability to deliver lots and lots of movies and increasingly lots and lots of movies day-and-date with DVD, to me it feels like there is a lot of upside. I think we are just starting to see that reflected in the financials.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: And Steve I don't know if you can answer at this point, but it sounds like you probably don't feel there's and real DVD cannibalization from that day-and-date shift.
Steve Burke: No, we've done a lot of testing and a lot of the studios have done a lot of testing and all the test results suggest that it's incremental.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Got you.
Steve Burke: And that's why studios like Warner Brothers have basically as matter of policy and Universal and others, as a matter of policy we have said, this makes sense, we're going to do it, it's just -- it takes time to chip away at old habits, but I haven't seen any data that suggests it's not incremental for everybody.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Neil Smit:  And with regard to the High-Speed 2go, as you know we're positioning our HSI and home product together with our 4G wireless products, so your getting basically the fastest home internet product with the fastest mobility product. To ensure that there is broad access to the 4G network we're also offering High-Speed 2go that includes 4G-3G as well as the 3G stand alone option right now. We're actively deploying High-Speed 2go in seven different markets and as of the second quarter we'll have the product available to about 17 million of our homes and we are looking to expand that by the end of 2010.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: And Neil is this mainly through business traveler type customers? What kind of folks are taking the product?
Neil Smit:  I think it's a mix of business travelers as well as people who just want to have access to the products outside of the home. So, the mobility related customer, so it's both. 
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. 
Marlene Dooner: Thanks Ben. Operator, let's go to the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Doug Mitchelson:  Thank you so much. Good morning. A couple of questions. The big picture, one for Brian and Steve, given how rapidly you've been improving the quality of our VOD offering, are you scratching your heads a little bit on how successful Netflix has been ramping subscribers and do you see a point in the future with the lines crossed so to speak, where customers starting dropping Netflix because the Comcast service became so robust, and separately on high-speed data, you mentioned seasonality. I know you don't like to stock monthly, but just conceptually in June, July post ecology or ending have you seen the seasonality impact and I guess sort of I guess third question, you talked a lot about going All-Digital on the DOCSIS markets and the early markets. Are you seeing improved results for your high-speed data market share? Thanks. 
 Deutsche Bank:  Thank you so much. Good morning. A couple of questions. The big picture, one for Brian and Steve, given how rapidly you've been improving the quality of our VOD offering, are you scratching your heads a little bit on how successful Netflix has been ramping subscribers and do you see a point in the future with the lines crossed so to speak, where customers starting dropping Netflix because the Comcast service became so robust, and separately on high-speed data, you mentioned seasonality. I know you don't like to stock monthly, but just conceptually in June, July post ecology or ending have you seen the seasonality impact and I guess sort of I guess third question, you talked a lot about going All-Digital on the DOCSIS markets and the early markets. Are you seeing improved results for your high-speed data market share? Thanks. 
Brian Roberts: Lot of stuff in there, so we will try our best to all of that if we don't you are free to follow-up, but on Netflix, they've done a great job. They have offered a nice product and I think what we can do is try to make our products better. A number of the on-demand offerings have improved. Dramatically, we've something we call project infinity that has a significant leap forward in the amount of on-demand content from library servers. We're very excited about the potential of our technology, but one of the things Netflix does beautifully and others is give you a great way to search what's available and give you recommendation, and that's not so easily on our electronic program guide today. So we are improving, I think we will improve and let me kick it over to Neil for some of your other questions. 
Neil Smit: With regards to the high speed seasonality, I think it was very evident in our Q2 to Q3 numbers last year. So, you saw that become reality there. So, in Q2 of last year we added about 65K customers and in Q3, we added about 361K customers, so pretty significant difference and I think a lot of that attributed, attributable to be back to school and some of the seasonal movement. With regards to DOCSIS 3.0, we do generally see when we launch that in the market, we're able to offer high speeds. We do see the umbrella affect, people buy the higher speed, but they also tear up and there are other services. And the good news is our high speed tiers continue to outsell our economy service. So, there is real appetite for some half of the consumers for this higher speeds and all they bring to their capabilities in the house. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Neil, I mean I get the crux of my seasonality question high speed data was should we expect a similar bump this year? Last year you did have some unique dynamics with RBOCs e-promotional in 2Q and they are less promotional in the second quarter. So I just trying to get a sense of should we expect a similar bump this year as we fell last year?
Neil Smit: I think it's way too early to comment on that. 
Doug Mitchelson: Great, thanks. 
 Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks. 
Marlene Dooner: Thanks Doug. Operator, let's go to the next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from James Ratcliffe with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead. 
James Ratcliffe : Thanks for taking the question. Just one conceptually I guess only for Mike. How do you think looking at the future once you have the NBC deal one about leverage within the company and particularly between sort of 100% on Comcast and the joint venture, you look at an overall consolidate basis or proportional or do you really look at two business as separately. Just trying to get an idea of how you think through that process?
 Barclays Capitals: Thanks for taking the question. Just one conceptually I guess only for Mike. How do you think looking at the future once you have the NBC deal one about leverage within the company and particularly between sort of 100% on Comcast and the joint venture, you look at an overall consolidate basis or proportional or do you really look at two business as separately. Just trying to get an idea of how you think through that process?
Brian Roberts:  Yeah we are actually going through some of that right now but we will consolidate NBCU, so we will consolidate their debt. Obviously it's not recourse but when you really will peel back the onion. Some of it will be proportional but just to be clear once the deal closes and we issue our statements, we will be NBC will be consolidated with Comcast. We will control it and we will manage it. Obviously, we have a lot, we'll have a lot of say in terms of how that business performs, we are very pleased by the way with regards to the financing that they did earlier this year where they issued about $4 billion of financing and that's turned out to be a very smart move took out part of the bridge facilities. But just to be clear it will be fully consolidated.
James Ratcliffe : And when you think about target leverage for the company as a whole, do you think about it in terms of target leverage becoming as a whole or do you think it by it for cable specifically post that transaction?
 Barclays Capitals: And when you think about target leverage for the company as a whole, do you think about it in terms of target leverage becoming as a whole or do you think it by it for cable specifically post that transaction?
Brian Roberts: No I think we are going to look at it as a whole, we will be one company. Obviously, we will have a minority invest with regards general electronics but we will look at it as a whole. I think where we are post closing, I think we have articulated as a consolidated basis we'll be somewhere around 2.5 times that's a reasonable number and for Comcast consolidated we are some have been and will be somewhere between 2 and 2.5 times depending on how the company performs.
James Ratcliffe : Great and just one I guess for Neil, at what degree the good ARPU performance in broadband in particular. Can you talk about the degree to which both DOCSIS 3.0 and business services drove that? 
 Barclays Capitals: Great and just one I guess for Neil, at what degree the good ARPU performance in broadband in particular. Can you talk about the degree to which both DOCSIS 3.0 and business services drove that? 
Neil Smit: Well I think the clearly in the ARPU side and HSD higher speed and their ability to offer higher speeds is a significant driver of ARPU within that product line and also as a whole as you know our overall ARPU was up about 8%. Some of that was due to rate increases, some of that was due to better bundling and so DOCSIS 3.0 contributes to that overall equation. What was your second question?
James Ratcliffe : Also in regards to business services essentially how much it was like for like better ARPU and how much of it was change in mix?
 Barclays Capitals: Also in regards to business services essentially how much it was like for like better ARPU and how much of it was change in mix?
Neil Smit: No I think business services while, we had a great quarter there up 54% was a relatively minor contributor to the overall ARPU number.
James Ratcliffe : Great. Thank you.
 Barclays Capitals: Great. Thank you.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks James. Operator let's go to the next question please.
Operator:  Next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks, my first question, as you track is subs that leave and I'm specifically referring to the 265,000 net video subdue loss. Can you tell us where they are going, are they going to the Telecos, to the satellite or they are cutting the cord. Then the next question would be why are they leaving, is it price or customer service or something else?
Brian Roberts:  We do as customers are leaving, ask them why they are leaving and where they are going to. I think most of the customers who were leaving, clearly satellite are biggest competitor right now and that's a factor. I think in terms of why as Steve referred to in his comments, you had GTV and things are relatively low priced, single play video customers are seeking, they are very price sensitive and generally churned at a higher rate and I think as a whole as how we approach the business. We are not going to chase volume, we are going to remain very targeted and disciplined and how we approach the business. I think the manifestation of that is the fact that both churn and bad debt were equal to or better than last year in Q2.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities: And then I have follow up on your wireless data strategy. The feedback we have heard is that clear wire experience has been kind of spotty. Have you thought about other options to go into that segment?
Stephen Burke: I think our wireless strategy is focused on extending our services. The first is the build out, the high speed next gen wireless network. The second is the wireless strategy is the Wi-Fi component where we're travelling on a targeted basis. And the final piece is wireless apps. So we've made very good progress on that and as I mentioned earlier with the clear trial, we're still rolling out new markets and I think we're seeing progress on those fronts.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities: And then one last question with regards to NBC. We've heard there has been a slowdown in pricing lately. Is there any type of comment you can have on that?
Stephen Burke: I think you'd have to ask NBC but looking at our advertising business there is anything but a slowdown.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities: Right, thank you.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Marci. Operator, let's have the last question please.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Mike McCormack with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mike McCormack - JPMorgan: Hey guys, thanks. Just maybe a couple of comments; one on DOCSIS 3.0 strategy. It feels like you guys have been probably targeting more FiOS areas and potentially U-verse that on a going forward basis we're seeing pretty significant DSL losses at Telcos. Is there an opportunity to take much more significant market share going downstream against the Telcos? And then secondly, I heard some pretty good trends at the Telcos regarding small medium sized business. Just trying to get a sense for what you're seeing on the ground level on the commercial opportunity. Thanks.
Stephen Burke: Hi Mike. Concerning DOCSIS 3, clearly we feel our product competes very well versus DSL and I think we're seeing some of that in the marketplace. So I think you're observation is what we're seeing as well. With regards to business services I think there are a lot of opportunities that we're seeing great growth in both small and medium business. Now we're going after mid market as well as backhaul and Metro E. So we great growth opportunity going forward in that business and the team has been executing very well on that front.
Neil Smit: Hey, just would add I think, again the strategy of investing and having superior products puts your in a position to sort of see what the future holds really to those questions in terms of how much market opportunity is there. But I think we're really enjoying the fruits of those investments and I think in the business service market, that's particularly in broadband and in the business service market I think we're just, really just getting going and the market keeps, our market opportunities keep expanding. The same is true on broadband. As you project four or five years, 10 years you know there is going to be more and more connected devices all over this country that the consumer uses. I saw some study that said that - that wouldn't tend to connected devices in a home. So our strategy, its not just any one product. It's having the best platform. And I think that's really critical as we go forward.
Mike McCormack - JPMorgan: Great, guys. Thanks.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you. And again thanks all of you for joining us this morning.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 12:30 PM Eastern Time. It will run through Monday, August 2nd at midnight Eastern Time. The dial in number is 800-642-1687 and the conference ID number is 82686142. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Marlene S. Dooner - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Brian L. Roberts - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer  Michael J. Angelakis - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President  Stephen B. Burke - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President 
Analysts: Jason Bazinet  Citigroup John Hodulik  UBS Vijay Jayant - Barclays Capital Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities Frank Louthan - Raymond James Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs  
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's fourth quarter and full year 2009 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Miss Dooner.
Marlene S. Dooner: Thank you, operator, and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter and year end 2009 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Brian Roberts, Steve Burke, and Michael Angelakis. As always, let me first refer you to Slide #2 which contains our safe harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that let me now turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian L. Roberts: Thanks, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. Today we are pleased to report healthy operating and financial results that demonstrate the underlying strength of our subscription businesses and our ability to continue to manage effectively in a challenging environment. In 2009, consolidated revenue grew 4% and cash flow increased by 4.4%. We generated $4.4 billion in free cash flow and showed a very strong increase of 21% in that category. This reflects our focus on expense and capital management. We continue to be able to reduce the capital intensity of our cable business even as we invest in key strategic initiatives to strengthen our competitive position now and in the future. From an operating standpoint, despite the combination of a weak economy and increasing competition in video. We added 1.5 million net new customers between video, high speed data, and voice. Business services, a new high-growth area for us was as significant driver in 2009 and the advertising market which went backwards for most of the year seemed to solidify towards the end of the year. So as we review 2009 I think you will see that we executed well, fine-tuning our operating strategy during the year to balance revenue, cash flow, and customer growth to deliver solid results.  As you all know just two months we announced the NBC Universal transaction with GE and last week we made our public interest filing at the FCC. Beyond that, we are beginning the planning process and remain very excited about the prospects of this transaction and the opportunity to accelerate value creation for our shareholders. Steve Burke is leading this effort for Comcast to maximize the opportunities available from the combination of cable and content assets. Given Steve's new focus, I'm delighted that Neil Smit will be joining Comcast in March as President of Comcast Cable. Neil is an incredibly talented executive with significant cable, Internet, and consumer products experience, and is a terrific addition to our already strong cable management team.  Like Steve and me and Dave Watson and Dave Scott, Neil strongly believes in our goal to deliver the best customer experience in the marketplace, driving meaningful innovation and dramatically expanding products and features we offer our customers. To do that we have been aggressively rolling out all digital and wideband. These are initiatives that are essential to our strategy and so we're investing about $1 billion in these two projects between 2009 and 2010 and we've made rapid progress deploying these technologies and new products that follow the rollout. So for instance, we are actively deploying all digital in about 60% of our markets, recapturing and more efficiently using our bandwidth. As we go all digital we offer consumers in those markets 100 or more high def channels. We doubled the amount of foreign language programming available to between 50 and 70 channels per market. We also significantly increased the amount of content available on demand to nearly 20,000 choices with 3,000 HD options available to our digital customers each month. In December we launched On Demand online nationally with over 19,000 TV and movie choices, adding a valuable benefit to our customers cable subscription. We also finished 2009 with wideband capability in 75% of our footprint, reinforcing our leadership position in broadband. Deploying wideband gives us significant capacity to deliver higher Internet speeds that continue to differentiate our broadband product. It provides us an additional speed advantage, particularly in the 85% of the country without fiber based competition. Each of these initiatives helps to strengthen our competitive position now and in the future and helps us make progress toward our vision of Project Infinity, giving consumers more content anytime anywhere.  So as we complete the rollout of wideband and all digital and launch new services we are not only repositioning the company technically, we are beginning to reposition the company with the consumer demonstrating how the technical and product investments we have made can redefine how customers experience video, voice, and the Internet. Beginning next week in 11 markets, we will introduce Xfinity, a new brand that encompasses our robust technology platform, expanded services we are offering today, and the future innovations we are planning to deliver. In the next few months we will launch Xfinity to almost half of our footprint and we will reach the majority of our markets by the end of this year. Xfinity services will continue to evolve, but the important message to our customers is that Comcast is innovating in all our products across many platforms, giving these customers even more choice and control over the entertainment, communications, and information they want.  If you'll turn with me to the next slide, as we begin 2010, our goal is to continue to deliver and drive profitable growth. We have increasingly diverse revenue streams with strong subscription businesses and increasing opportunities to leverage the robust network to make our products even more distinct and to build new businesses and new growth opportunities. As Steve and Michael will discuss, we're focused on balancing revenue, OCF, and customer growth, while managing expenses and capital so that we can generate significant free cash flow. At the same time, we are not sacrificing investment in areas that significantly strengthen our competitive position or that offer future growth potential. So we expect to substantially complete our wideband initiative early in 2010 and to substantially complete all digital by the end of this year. We plan to significantly expand wireless High-Speed 2go to many new markets in the new year. And we are now building on our strong momentum and business services to expand the customers we target and our offerings in that space. We will also continue to invest in our network, extending our technical capabilities even further, more widely deploying EBIF technology, for instance, to support interactive TV and advertising. And through our newly formed Comcast Labs, we will focus on extending and integrating IP technology in order to improve the customer experience, accelerate the pace at which we introduce new products, and expand our cross-platform experiences.  So therefore, I believe we are well positioned to continue to build a company that provides great products to consumers and creates long-term value for our shareholders. Let me now pass to Michael to review our results in more detail. 
Michael J. Angelakis: Thank you, Brian. Good morning. As Brian mentioned, 2009 was a year of strong financial and operational progress. We reported solid results and executed well as we aggressively navigated the changing economic and competitive landscape and remained focused on profitable growth as well as gained more efficiencies in our expense base and capital program. We established our plans on an annual basis so let's begin by reviewing Slide 5 which shows the company's consolidated results for the full year of 2009.  For the full year, consolidated revenue increased 3.9% to $35.8 billion and operating cash flow increased 4.4% to $13.7 billion, resulting in a consolidated operating cash flow margin of 38.4%, a modest increase when compared to 38.1% during 2008. In addition to growing our revenue and operating cash flow, we are also very focused on free cash flow per share, free cash flow, and earnings per share, as critical metrics in evaluating our earnings growth and the strength of our company. In each of these key metrics, our performance during the full year reflects meaningful progress and growth. On a full year basis, free cash flow increased 21% to $4.4 billion compared to $3.7 billion in 2008. And free cash flow per share increased 23% to $1.53 per share. Over the past year, we have converted 32% of our operating cash flow into free cash flow compared to a conversion rate of 28% in 2008 and 20% in 2007. We generated earnings per share of $1.26, an increase of 46.5% over 2008. 2009's EPS reflects growth in consolidated operating cash flow, lower interest expense due to lower net debt, and a reduced effective tax rate resulting from the recognition of income tax benefits during the year. For 2010, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 40%. Broadly speaking, our results for the full year represent a balanced strategy and solid performance. As we remain focused on executing our strategic, operational and financial plans, there are several areas that should be highlighted. We continue to manage the business for long-term profitable growth and endeavor to find the right balance between revenue, cash flow, and customer growth. This year we made adjustments during the year and delivered solid customer metrics across all products, despite an incredibly difficult consumer environment and a substantially larger competitive overlap with the RBOCs.  Cable advertising was also challenged in 2009, down $265 million for the year due to the poor economic environment and the lack of political advertising. However, we are experiencing some signs of improvement in advertising. In the fourth quarter, advertising revenue declined 7% versus the prior year; however, if we exclude political, advertising revenue actually increased 10%, a notable improvement from the 20% to 25% declines we experienced in the first half of 2009. Business services has experienced real momentum over the past year with revenue increasing 48% to $828 million for 2009. In 2010, we are again enthusiastic about business services prospects and expect this momentum to continue as we begin to expand our services to medium-sized business and sell backhaul. As we begin to execute our 2010 strategies, we are focused on delivering further growth in revenue, operating cash flow, and free cash flow, as well as continued improvement in our capital efficiency. Let's review our consolidated fourth quarter results, so please refer to Slide 6. For the fourth quarter, consolidated revenue increased 2.9% to $9.1 billion and consolidated operating cash flow grew 1.1% to $3.4 billion resulting in consolidated operating cash flow margin of 37.6% compared to 38.3% in the fourth quarter of 2008. Capital expenditures were $1.6 billion for the quarter, a 6% decrease compared to 2008. As expected, fourth quarter capital expenditures were higher than the previous three quarters as we accelerated capital to take advantage of favorable tax treatment related to the economic stimulus and attractive vendor discounts. We generated consolidated free cash flow of $768 million, a decline of 11.1% over the fourth quarter of 2008, reflecting lower net cash provided by operating activities as a result of changes in working capital and higher cash taxes, partially offset by lower CapEx. Earnings per share for the quarter increased 136% to $0.33 per share reflecting lower interest expense and the recognition of income tax benefits.  While I would like to spend the majority of this call discussing our full year results and our views for 2010, there are a few notable items I would like to highlight regarding the fourth quarter. Total video revenue declined slightly by 0.6% reflecting a 199,000 decline in basic video customers and video ARPU growth was 2%. This slowdown in video ARPU growth is a result of more moderate rate increase in the fourth quarter of 2009 compared to the increases in the fourth quarter of 2008 and additional bundling and promotion. As we mentioned previously, midway through the year we decided to proactively pursue market share by aggressively refocusing our marketing efforts on the triple play offer. As a result we lost fewer video subs compared to the last year's second half and reaccelerated growth in high speed Internet in CDV in the second half of 2009. In addition we have improved our performance competitively by taking share even as the RBOC has meaningfully increased their footprint. From a segment standpoint cable operating cash flow increased 2% to $3.5 billion, programming expense growth slowed slightly to 8%, and non-program expense has increased modestly as we continue to aggressively manage our costs.  In addition, we remain very focused on controlling expenses and gaining efficiencies to continue to adjust our cost structure. As a result we are taking and absorbing an $81 million severance charge in the fourth quarter compared to a $63 million severance charge we incurred in the fourth quarter of 2008. Just to note, this charge is included in our OCF. Our programming division, which has been performing well, reported a 5% increase in revenue, but a 17% decline in operating cash flow reflecting an expected increase in marketing costs to launch new shows and the recognition of higher program expenses in the fourth quarter. Corporate and other revenue increased 14% to $138 million reflecting strong results at CIM, or Comcast Interactive Media and Comcast Spectacor, but operating cash flow decreased 10% as it includes $20 million of expenses related to the NBC Universal transaction. Now let's review our cable division's full year results in more detail so please refer to Slide 7. For the full year of 2009, cable revenue increased 3.8% to $33.9 billion reflecting continued growth in high speed Internet, voice, and business services, partially offset by slower growth in video revenue and a decline in advertising revenue. As I mentioned, we had solid customer additions during the year, total video, high-speed Internet, and voice customers, increasing by 1.5 million and 2009 with 47 million video, Internet, and voice customers. Total revenue per video customer remained healthy during 2009 increasing 6% over $118 per month. Total subscription revenue per customer which excludes advertising grew 7.5% to $113, reflecting the following components. Total video revenue increased 1% reflecting a 4% increase in video ARPU and a decline in basic video customers. During 2009 we lost 623,000 video customers compared to 575,000 in 2008. The growth in video ARPU reflects rate increases and continued growth in advanced services as we added or upgraded over 1.4 million customers to HD and/or HD-DVR services. These benefits were partially offset by additional bundling and promotions, a decrease in pay revenue, as well as a shift in our video mix as customers subscribed to lower price levels of our digital service. High speed Internet revenue increased 7% during the year. ARPU remained stable at $42 and we had solid unit additions of over 1 million this year with our HSI penetration now exceeding 31%. Voice revenue increased 23% for the year, reflecting continued growth in our customer base and a modest decline in ARPU to $39 per month. We added over 1.1 million voice customers this year, now have over 7.6 million customers with penetration for our voice service now approximately 16%.  We have made terrific progress in bundling and at the end of 2009, almost 28% of our video customers took all three services compared to 23% at the end of 2008. Overall, we remained focused on profitable and sustainable growth, and while we expect additional video customer losses as the RBOC expand their overlap, we believe we will see penetration gains in our digital, HD, and DVR services, high-speed Internet, voice, and business services during 2010. Please refer to Slide 8 to review our cable division's operating cash flow results. In 2009 cable operating cash flow increased 4% to $13.7 billion which was in line with top line growth and contributed to a stable operating cash flow margin of 40.4%. Over the past 12 months, total expenses in our cable segment increased 3.7% including a 9% increase in program expenses. The increase in our program expenses reflect higher rates, additional digital programming costs as we have increased our digital customer base, and new programming that has been added to our services. As we look to 2010, we expect programming expenses to grow, but at a slightly lower rate than in 2009. Excluding programming, our expense base increased only 1% in 2009 even as we incurred incremental operating expenses to support the digital transition in the first half of the year to deploy all digital, wideband, and wireless, and to improve the customer experience. Investment in these key strategic initiatives contributed to a 6% increase in customer service expense and a 5% increase in technical labor expense during the year. To offset these higher expenses we continued to extract scale benefits and efficiencies in our high-speed Internet and voice businesses. Compared to the full year of 2008, our direct costs for high-speed Internet declined 1% and our voice direct costs have decreased 17%. At the same time we have managed a reduction in both our marketing and administrative expenses compared to 2008.  As part of our focus on cost management and considering the difficult economic environment, we have been very focused on delinquencies and bad debt expense. In 2009 we were successful with this effort, particularly in the second half where we reduced our net bad debt expense versus 2008. As I mentioned earlier, we are taking an $81 million severance charge in the fourth quarter to account for further efficiencies and a reduction in staffing levels.  As we begin 2010 we are also undergoing a companywide initiative which should result in improved efficiencies and increase our speed to market for new products and features. We call this program Challenge 2010 and as Steve will cover this in more detail later in the call, efficiency gains through this program will help support additional investments we're making in cross platforms or convergent services, business services, and wireless.  Please refer to Slide 9 to review our capital expenditures. For the full year of 2009 our capital expenditures decreased 11% from $5.7 billion in 2008 to $5.1 billion reflecting slower growth and meaningful reductions in equipment pricing. As you can see on the slide this represents a meaningful decrease in the business's capital intensity to 14.3% of revenue from 16.7% in 2008 and 19.7% in 2007. This progress was achieved even as we invested in all digital and wideband strategic initiatives supported growth in advanced video services, high speed Internet, and voice penetrations, and increased our capital investment in business services by over 51% to over $350 million. Consistent with historical trends, capital expenditures for 2009 continued to be predominantly growth oriented with gross CapEx accounting for over 70% of total cable CapEx. To recap how our CapEx was deployed in 2009, we added over 1.5 million video, voice, and data customers. We deployed 8.8 million digital set top boxes and adapters bringing our total deployed to over 36 million. We deployed over 6.2 million digital adapters in 2009 to support the all digital rollout. Also included in this number are almost 2.2 million advanced HD and/or DVR set tops as we added over 1.4 million advanced service customers in 2009 which is actually an increase over 2008. We now have almost 9.2 million HD and/or DVR customers and our advanced service penetration is approximately 50% of our total digital video customers. We also purchased equipment as we accelerated DOCSIS 3.0 or our wideband initiative, and as Brian mentioned we have already deployed this technology to 75% of our footprint. In 2010 we anticipate our capital intensity to decrease further as capital expenditures are expected to be lower both in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue. We expect improved CPE pricing and further capital efficiencies to be realized in 2010. This further reduction in CapEx will occur even as we invest in areas of future growth. In 2010 we will invest aggressively to sustain our momentum in business services and expand its reach to midsized business and to sell backhaul. We will complete our deployment of wideband in early 2010 and the all digital effort by year end. We'll expand our wireless efforts including the launch of Wireless High-Speed 2go in a number of new markets. We will also fund several new initiatives through our newly formed Comcast Labs that focuses in the areas of converged products, IP technology, and switch digital video. Investments in these new initiatives will be included in discretionary CapEx and will represent less than 5% of our total capital. Please refer to Slide 10. We are executing on a disciplined and returns focus approach to allocating capital both internally and externally with the intention of further growing free cash flow and free cash flow per share. In 2009 as I previously mentioned, we increased free cash flow to $4.4 billion and this increase represents a 21% increase versus 2008 and an 89% increase over the past 24 months. As previously indicated by our initiatives, our first priority remains to profitably invest in the operating and strategic needs of our business. We will continue to deploy capital to our businesses as it provides attractive incremental returns, enhances our competitive position, and delivers sustainable organic growth. When it comes to considering potential acquisitions or external investments, we will remain extremely disciplined and execution oriented, focusing on opportunities that extend our services or add features that allow us to build new complimentary revenue streams. However, in 2010 we expect our energies in this area will be spent on planning for the NBC Universal transition. A key principle in our capital allocation strategy has been to return capital directly to shareholders in the form of both dividends and share repurchases.  Even during the difficult economic environment of 2009 we returned over $1.5 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends totaling $761 million for the year and share repurchases. During the fourth quarter of 2009 we repurchased 18.1 million of our common shares for $300 million. So on a full year 2009 basis we purchased 49.8 million of our common shares for $765 million. Combined, this represents a total return of capital to shareholders of 35% of free cash flow.  As I believe most of you are aware, in December we announced a 40% increase in our dividend, our second increase in a year which was effective last month and increases our annual dividend payments to $0.378 per share. As of December 31st we had approximately $3.3 billion of availability remaining under our share repurchase authorization, and as we have previously announced we intend to complete this repurchase subject to market conditions by the end of 2010. The combination of dividends and stock buybacks results in a total payout ratio in excess of 50% of our last 12 months' free cash flow and places our payout ratio on a total return of capital basis at the top of our peers. In addition, based on our current stock price this combined return of capital allocation represents in excess of a 5% yield. Now let me pass the call to Steve.
Stephen B. Burke: Thanks, Mike. As you look at 2009 we delivered solid financial results and made progress operationally in the face of a challenging economy, increased competition with over 5 million more homes built by the RBOCs, a decline in advertising revenue of 15%, and continuing to invest in important initiatives like the country's digital transition, our own all digital efforts, DOCSIS 3.0 and business services.  On previous calls we've talked about the balance between financial and unit growth. We made a number of neat course corrections in the middle of 2009 to concentrate more on units in the second half. The good news is this midcourse correction worked. We increased our promotions and refocused our marketing efforts on the triple play. In the fourth quarter we also decided to take fewer rate increases. In the fourth quarter of 2009, 6.8 million customers had video rate increases versus the fourth quarter of 2008 with 16.2 million customers getting rate increases. The good news is that we got the units which proves that we can go after market share by getting more aggressive. We're really pleased with our unit results. In the second half we did better on basic subs compared to the second half of 2008 despite more competition.  In the second half of 2009 we added 895,000 combination video, voice, and data customers versus in the first half of '09 adding 633,000. This was driven by very strong high-speed Internet ads. In the second half of 2009 we added 608,000 versus 393,000 in the first half of '09. The fourth quarter is also the second consecutive quarter where we added almost as many residential high-speed data customers in the quarter as AT&T and Verizon combined. The RBOC number is all in for fiber and DSL. We also had stronger voice ads in the second half than in the first half.  Overall, these efforts resulted in total revenue per customer remaining healthy during 2009 increasing 6% during the year to over $118 per customer per month. During the year we also remained very focused on managing expenses. With Challenge 2010 we adopted a companywide program to standardize and simplify processes which not only results in improved efficiencies, but also increase our speed to market for new products and features. Moving toward a more standardized operating model will help us be more efficient. We're consolidating call centers, introducing more robust IVRs to handle more customer inquiries, reducing the number of truck rolls, increasing self installation from our Hot Drop program, consolidating warehouses and improving our inventory management. The bottom line is we're cutting costs and becoming more efficient while at the same time investing in new businesses and marketing. We're continuing to enhance our product superiority and drive long-term growth in our business. Our all digital efforts continue to go very well. We've now deployed over 6 million digital adapters. We've completed the all digital conversion efforts in 35% of our footprint and are currently active in about 60% of our footprint and by the end of 2010 we expect 80% of our systems to have made the conversion to all digital. Once you go through this conversion it creates network and operating efficiencies which compliment previously mentioned cost reduction initiatives. For example, 80% of our customers have been using self install kits for their digital adapters and once the home goes all digital we're able to do a number of things that we couldn't do before. The first market that went all digital was Portland, our first major all digital market and there we're seeing a number of encouraging trends. Our high def penetration is growing faster in Portland than most of the other markets in the country now that we have 100 high def channels. Truck rolls are down significantly in the Portland market and OCF is growing faster in this market than most others. Importantly, customer service scores have also improved markedly. Portland is really leading the pack. Moving onto DOCSIS 3.0 or wideband, we've deployed this technology to over 75% of our footprint and plan to complete our DOCSIS 3.0 deployment in early 2010. DOCSIS 3.0 means we have a much faster high-speed data product particularly in the 85% of the country that doesn't have fiber based competition. About 35 million homes in our footprint can purchase 50 meg with the ability for even higher speeds using wideband technology. In fact, Comcast now has more homes capable of providing 50 meg service than all the other cable and telephone companies combined. We believe speed will continue to power the next generation of applications and growth in high speed Internet and we're delighted to have made such good progress with DOCSIS 3.0. In 2009 we believe we laid the foundation for our technology platform to stay ahead of competition. As Brian mentioned, now that we're almost complete with repositioning ourselves technically we're repositioning ourselves to the consumer. Therefore, we're launching Xfinity on February 12th in 11 markets. This is a major rebranding effort for Comcast Cable. Xfinity gives the customer more choices, more convenience, more control over their entertainment, information, and communication choices, in more innovative ways and we're really excited to introduce the Xfinity brand to our customers. Meanwhile, we're continuing to invest in future growth. In business services we continue to have real success in the small end of the business market with a lot of room for growth. In fact, we've been growing this business which is now quite sizable. Revenues have been growing 40%-50% very consistently. Now we feel we're ready to expand our offering further, targeting companies with 20-250 employees, in other words, a larger company size than previously we'd been targeting. This segment of the business market spends $10-$15 billion per year on the services we offer which represents another opportunity roughly equal in size to the small end of the market where we've been concentrating so far. So backhaul is another nice complimentary business that can further leverage our network and one we're actively pursuing. We size this business at roughly $1 billion for Comcast over time. Moving onto wireless, we're now in the execution phase with our High-Speed 2go product. In 2009 we launched in five major markets. In July we launched Portland, Atlanta launched in July as well, in November we launched Philadelphia, Chicago launched in December, and Seattle launched in December as well. As of yearend we're offering the product in more than 9 million of our homes passed and we look to significantly expand that by the end of 2010. High-Speed 2go is sold in conjunction with our high speed data products, sold in a bundle which makes a lot of sense for the consumer and is a straightforward transaction for us to process. We've proven in Portland, that Comcast High-Speed 2go bundled with our high-speed data product is a way to increase our high-speed data business. In Portland roughly 40% of the High-Speed 2go customers are new high-speed internet customers for Comcast.  Moving on to advertising during 2009 as Mike mentioned our advertising business went backwards $265 million. The good news is this core business is starting to turn around and could be possible upside in 2010. In addition, we continue to work on expanding the advertising opportunity within our activity. And in the last 18 months, in conjunction with Canoe we've made real progress on the ITV front.  We've enabled about 12 million households in 30 markets to use the EBIS platform to deliver reliable interactive applications to our customers. These applications include caller I.D. to the T.V now available in 3.5 million homes, RFI, request for information, piloting in three markets Chicago, San Francisco and Detroit. We're testing remind-record and we're also testing shop-by-remote with home shopping network.  In 2010 you'll see us continue to grow our footprint while launching new ITV applications. At the same time we're working hand in hand with our MSOs in Canoe to establish standards and provide a national footprint. We think that is really important to making ITV really breakthrough. We're excited about Canoe and think it represents a big opportunity for the industry as we ramp up interactive advertising products on a national basis. The upside for advertising for 2010, however will really be lead by the turn in the market which we're seeing in the fourth quarter as Mike mentioned with our core business net of political growing 10%, but also strong trends as we enter 2010. Due to weakness in ad sales in the first half and lack of political our advertising business declined and was a real drag on revenue and OCF, it really cost us about 200 basis points of OCF growth in 2009. If current trends continue this drag could turn into a real lift as we enter 2010. To summarize in the worst economy in decades despite greater competition and investing in more new initiatives in 2009 than any year I can remember, we achieved solid unit and financial growth, and as importantly, are really positioned well for the future. Marlene.
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks, Steve. Let's open up the call for Q and A please.
Operator: Thank you we will now begin the Question and Answer Session, (Operator's Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet with Citigroup.
Jason Bazinet  Citigroup: Thanks so much, I just had a question regarding Mr. Smit, could you just chat a little bit about what attracted you to Mr. Smit based on what you saw at Charter? And what if any sort of change philosophically or otherwise, we might anticipate based on your conversations with him and his sort of philosophy regarding how to run a cable business? Thank you.
Brian L. Roberts: This is Brian and let me begin and also I think it's an important question to ask Steve's perspective, because they all report to Steve. The first thing is we wanted to stay very focused on all the execution of Comcast cable and while we're going to have a busy year here in preparing for NBC universal and all the transition and post-merger planning and getting ready to have hopefully an integration. It's important that we get that right and Steve is able to now focus a lot of his attention on that and as well begin to think about how we get some of the great benefits that we believe lie in our future.  Neil's track record both with AOL before Charter and at Charter through CableLabs and NCTA, I've known him for a long time and I'm personally incredibly impressed with his leadership skills and how well I think he will fit into the culture at Comcast, he's just a terrific executive. Charter, obviously when he got there had lots of problems that preceded him and I think he did more than a great job, an yeomens job of dealing with the realities of a company that had too much debt and needed to go through reorganization.  As it came out of that reorganization, it created an opportunity for him to rethink where he wanted to work for the future and the timing was amazingly perfect for us. And I think it's going to allow us to continue what we started, not have a big strategic shift, he's working for Steve, but I think he will add an external perspective to help us accelerate and lead and make decisions and he's a decisive guy and very fair and decent guy, so I think he will fit in perfectly. Steve?
Stephen B. Burke: Just to add to that, I dont think there'll be any philosophy change. Obviously, Neil's going to be an important part of the business and he'll have things that he does differently than maybe I have done things but I think in terms of philosophy and the need to keep working on things we've been working on, Neil is in the exact same place we are.  He also joined a really strong team, I've been with the company for 11 years and I think our team right now is stronger than it's been at any point in those 11 years. We have very strong management really across the board and Neil will only keep that and enhance that. Of course, Brian and I will still be around and all the strategies and philosophies that we put in place and the cultural side of the business, I look forward to continuing. 
Jason Bazinet  Citigroup: Thank you.
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks, Jason, Operator, let's have the next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS, please go ahead.
John Hodulik - UBS: Thanks, Good morning. Two quick ones for you, first have you noticed any change in the competitive pressures in the residential market, say in the last month or the last quarter? Given some of the statements coming out of Verizon, assume it will be a little bit less market share oriented. And then secondly, you're not sure you're going to spend a billion in terms of the wideband and the all-digital initiatives, 75% down on the wideband, 60% percent of the market is being worked on in the all-digital, could we assume that a proportionate amount of that billion has been spent in 2009 and we should see a tailing off number in 2010 or maybe just give us an idea of the split between 2009 and 2010 with that capital. That would be great, thanks.
Michael J. Angelakis: Hey, John, it's Michael. With regards to the second question in terms of capex, that's dedicated to all-digital and wideband. I think you're assumption is pretty much correct, it's about a 50/50 split in terms of what's been spent in 2009 and what we expect to spend in 2010, so wide band will be done in the early part of this year in terms of our project. That was a smaller ultimate amount than obviously the DTA in all-digital effort, but in terms of absolute dollars you can go by the assumption that it's half and half. On the competitive front, I think we've seen a lot of our competitors increase their rates, and we've seen slightly less pressure but overall I think our team is just executing a heck of a lot better in terms of gaining more market share.
Stephen B. Burke: One of things you have got to be careful of, we have three competitors in almost every market if you include both of the satellite guys and RBOC, and everybody's being aggressive, everybody's being competitive and things go up and down during quarters. We have different programs, marketing promotions, advertising efforts, plus you throw in the economy, so I think the notion that there's a major sea change I would reject. Quarter to quarter, we're going to see ups and downs, and times when we're gaining share in high-speed data and times when we're not. The only thing you can do from an operating point of view is determine a strategy and continue to execute that strategy and that's what we're doing..
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks, John. Operator, let's go to the next question please.
Operator: You're next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant - Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Vijay Jayant - Barclays Capital:  Thank you. A question for Steve and a clarification for Mike, Steve, in Europe we're seeing some operators use DOCSIS 3.0 to not really price it at a massive premium, but use it as a strategy to gain more share in broadband which is also sort of having a halo effect in reducing video losses. Can you talk about how you see your philosophy in the pricing of DOCSIS 3.0 between the balance between pricing and market share? And for Mike, you mentioned that programming costs were going to moderate, the costs increases are going to moderate in 2010, is that on a per sub basis or on a total number basis? Thank you.
Stephen B. Burke: So DOCSIS 3.0 for us is still fairly new and even though we've rolled it out in the majority of the country, I think our initial roll-out has been focused on making sure that it works technically, making sure that it's available everywhere, making sure that we start to buy DOCSIS 3.0 modems, and get pricing down the cost curve. And we have not used heretofore DOCSIS 3.0 as a way to radically change the pricing structure. I think things will evolve in the future in terms of the product that we're actually offering and the packaging, but right now I think our approach has been to get the technology out, to make sure that people understand that if they want 50 or 100 megs that we're the place to get it and 85% of our footprint the only place to get it. And I think the pricing strategy will evolve over time. I would not  if you're following our company and trying to figure out what we are doing financially I would not anticipate a major move in terms of collapsing prices or anything like that. I think it's more getting the product out there, trying to figure out what the customer acceptance is and sort of tweaking on the edges. 
Michael J. Angelakis:  Vijay, I'll take the second question on programming. If you look at the trending schedule  actually the year has been  we get a high point in the first quarter which is you know consistent and then slightly trending down. And we ended the year about I think 8.5% of increase in total programming costs. For 2010 we expect total programming costs, not on a per subscriber basis to be slightly lower than that. 
Vijay Jayant - Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Marlene S. Dooner:  Thanks, Vijay. Operator let's have the next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Spencer Wang with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: Thanks and good morning. Just a question on the expense outlook for 2010, I guess for Mike. Just in terms of some of the other expense categories, should we expect marketing G&A to continue to trend pretty flat in 2010 given some of the efficiencies? And secondarily, on the voice gross margins, Mike, that had a nice lift in 2009. Should we expect a similar increase in the gross profit margin for voice in 2010? Thank you.
Stephen B. Burke: Let me touch on expenses and then pass it to Mike. I think if you look at non-programming expenses, we're pretty close to flat. What's going on, and it's really a major, major effort throughout the company, this challenge 2010 effort is a way for us to take literally hundreds of millions of dollars worth of cost out of our business. We started this in mid 2009 and I'm really pleased with the results so far. It's really a way to make the company more efficient, to standardize things, to  you actually improve customer service while taking a lot of costs out of the business. So really the goal here is programming costs we do the best we can but they're obviously increasing at a rate that is higher than inflation. But then take all of your other costs and try to get those  get costs out of the business. And I actually think we're going to show real progress all the way through 2010 and into 2011. On the non-programming cost side of the business, I think what you see in 2009 should continue in the future.
Michael J. Angelakis: Yeah, I agree with everything Steve said and I think on the voice gross margin, as your particular question, I don't think we're going to have the same kind of benefits we had in 2009. Frankly the team just did a terrific job of taking efficiencies out. I'm not sure the magnitude of those efficiencies in 2010 are still there but we're working really hard. I'll go just one more step in terms of where I think you're going in terms of what do our margins look like. I think our margins have been very steady over the last few years and we're anticipating a pretty stable margin as we go forward.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse:  Thank you very much. 
Marlene S. Dooner:  Thanks, Spencer. Operator, can we have the next question please?
Operator:   Your next question come from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you very much. So cable revenue growth decelerated every quarter for the past three years until you just reaccelerated a bit in the fourth quarter. Given your comments on the call regarding having the right technical platform in place soon having plenty of plant capacity across your footprint with the all-digital coming to completion and your ability to offer better and new services to your customers as a result, and then combine that with the economy getting better right, so at least versus last year, especially for advertising, it seems the company could be at an important inflection point where revenue growth continues to accelerate. So I guess first, do you agree with that philosophy? And then just separately, briefly, I'm sure any change is minor at this point but I was hoping you could comment on NBCU's results and were they as expected and have their budgets improved or deteriorated at all from what you thought pre-deal? Thanks.
Michael J. Angelakis:  I'll take the NBCU. We're really not commentating on their results. It's just not really appropriate Doug, and we do spend time with them and we're planning our transition right now, but certainly I don't think it's appropriate for us to comment on their results.  With regards to accelerating revenue growth, you know we'll see. We absorbed  you know advertising was down $265 million last year. That is a meaningful amount and we're off to a relatively good start in advertising. But I think we're working hard to manage ARPU, and ARPU has grown. We hit $120 in the fourth quarter of total ARPU, so we're going to work through the best we can to certainly grow revenue but I also want to caution you, we're looking at profitable revenue, and profitable growth is really something we're probably more focused on. 
Stephen B. Burke: We'd certainly like to see an acceleration but you know it's very difficult to predict what's going to happen with the economy, which really affects our business in a number of ways, housing, discretionary spending, ad sales. And with competition, again to my point earlier, it sort of ebbs and flows here. I do think we had sort of a three part hit between the economy's effect on housing and ad sales, plus increased competition during 2009. And to the degree that any of those three things changed, one would hope they would change to our benefit. And when they do change, two or three of those change, I think you can see a reacceleration. 
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities:  Do you feel comfortable giving us the local ad business [ph] for 1Q? 
Stephen B. Burke: Well, what I would say is if you look back over the last year, it's gotten better and better and better, and we think that is a trend that is likely to continue. Who knows, but certainly coming out of December and into January, things still look good. What's interesting to me is how broad the change in ad sentiment is. You know when you talk to NBC or when you talk to the NBC cable channels or our cable programming group or our local ad sales, it seems like the world is getting better. The problem is obviously it's month to month and we'll see where it goes from here. But there's for me no reason not to be optimistic.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you.
Marlene S. Dooner:  Thanks, Doug. Operator, let's have the next question please.
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of Frank Louthan from Raymond James. Please go ahead.  
Frank Louthan - Raymond James:  Great, thank you. With the SME business and saying that you're going to larger companies, the 20 to 250 lines, are you going to be more aggressive in moving into those locations that are out of your local cable region doing some interconnects and so forth, or are you still mostly going to be concentrating on customers that are within your existing service territory?
Stephen B. Burke:  I think it's really concentrating on existing service area. You know we have this tremendous asset which is the fiber that we've put into the ground for our residential business, and leveraging that fiber in the commercial space is really what we've been all about. And so I think when you take that advantage away, then all of a sudden, you're in a very different business. So we're really concentrating in footprint. 
Frank Louthan - Raymond James:  Have you found any push back from customers that have locations in other places that want you to service that if you are not willing to go out of territory?  
Stephen B. Burke:  You know from time to time you'll find somebody who has fifteen locations inside your footprint and two outside and sometimes there's a hand-off to other cable companies who are in the commercial space, sometimes those companies go back to the RBOCs, so you know I think there are examples where it spills over. But the primary concentration is to concentrate on the places where we are.  
Frank Louthan - Raymond James:  Okay great, thank you. 
Marlene S. Dooner:  Thanks. Frank. Operator, let's have the next question please. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett of Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Yeah, hi. Mike, you talked about CapEx next year being lower on an intensity basis as well as on a real dollar basis. That puts you for the first time meaningfully below 15%. If you look out to 2011 and a little bit longer term where presumably after you're finished with the all-digital conversion, your need for standard desk set-top boxes drops pretty significantly and I would suspect probably your advanced set-top box demand has dropped pretty significantly as well. Do you feel comfortable sort of projecting out longer term CapEx? It would seem like it almost has to stay fairly significantly below 15% for the foreseeable future, wouldn't it? 
Michael J. Angelakis: Well, Craig, I would say one thing. We did actually buy more advanced set-top boxes in terms of dollars in 2009 than we did actually in the prior year. But I think your theory is relatively right. We are continuing to focus on capital intensity. We don't foresee any major changes. We are investing as we've talked about I think quite a bit today in a number of different areas which we think positions ourselves for growth, like business services. We increased our business services investment by roughly 50% plus. So we feel relatively confident that particularly in 2010, we're going to continue to manage the efficiencies and get what I would consider great growth out of our CapEx. As we go forward, we'll see where that goes. But obviously it's a big focus of ours. 
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein:  Okay, thank you.
Marlene S. Dooner:  Thanks, Craig. Operator, let's have the next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Steve, I wanted to come back to the price increase information you gave us about the fourth quarter and just give me a little more color to what extent was that timing related around taking increases at a different point this year versus last year verses sort of a more philosophical change in how you are looking at rate increases and pricing power. I did not know if the rate increases came in places where you were not seeing RBOC video penetration growth or how we should think about that piece of the story as well?  And then maybe for Brian, how are you thinking about some of these emerging platforms, particularly the Apple Tablet and other new distributions platforms for content that could be friend or foe for the cable plan? Obviously, you have got a NBCU coming in so you have got interests all over the value chain. But I just was going to get your reaction from a Comcast perspective at what is being talked about and discussed on the Tablet and other distribution model front. 
Stephen B. Burke: So, Ben, the price increase information you were talking about in the fourth quarter, just to level set everybody, last year about two-thirds of our systems took a price increase in the fourth quarter. This year was about a third. I would say, in general, we have been sort of the second half of the year in particular trying to be more unit focused, and then also, during the second half of the year we have a lot of places where we are converting to all digital, a lot of places where we are doing DOCSIS 3.0. We mentioned that we are launching Xfinity. We, I think, in many instances felt that from a timing point of view, you dont want to go through a tough digital conversion and raise prices at the same time. So, it was a sort of combination of an overall philosophy that we wanted to go for units, but also some timing differential given what we are doing with the plant.
Brian L. Roberts : Regarding the other platform question, you know, I think like many people we are waiting to see some of these products first hand, so I dont have a lot of specifics on the Apple Tablet. I saw the presentation, or parts of the presentation. You know, I think there is an incredible time for innovation going on right now, and I dont think it has ever been happening faster or more broadly and there is going to be some hits and there is going to be some misses. What I think it is demonstrated, and what is driving us, is to have a company that is in a unique, we are a very special place where all of our focus is on getting to the consumer with some of the Comcast products, and sometimes that will be at the expense of other Comcast products and sometimes it's going to be added of experience.  Personally, I dont think people are wanting more content on more devices, what they want is anything but a good thing for our company, whether we make that content, whether that encourages them to use the content more and therefore in and out of the home. But I went to CES, let me pick a slightly different, it relates to your question, at that time, and again since then is the Tablet, but at that time the two hot products that I liked at CES, one was Googles new Nexus phone. It was smaller than the iPhone, so a smaller screen was the hot product, and the other hot product was 152 inch 3-D TV in high def that everybody wanted. So you had these two very different extremes, that the consumer wants something really small and portable, and something really big in the home. And I think we continue to find ways to service, and want to be servicing, those needs. So, you know, Broadband had a showing again in 2009 that faster speeds because folks want to consume more bits in their home, and our 4G platform that we are working with Clearwire to have the fastest speed outside of the home. 
Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley: Thank you for the color.
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks, Ben. Operator, lets have the next question please. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Marci Ryvicker with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Marci Ryvicker - Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks. I have two questions. The first, what is driving the slowdown in programming expense growth in 2010 versus 2009. And then, secondly, for the SME segment, would it be appropriate to infer that you could increase your $2.5 billion target for this segment now that you are focused on larger companies and (inaudible)?
Stephen B. Burke: Let me try the second and then do the first, and Mike can jump in if he wants to. You know, I think our feeling is the small to medium sized business opportunity is about the same size opportunity as this larger opportunity that we are going into. So really we look at those two businesses as separate. We really havent said exactly what our target is for the medium sector it's just too early, but I think it is reasonable to assume that that's incremental to the 2-2.5 that we've said. In terms of the programming expense slowdown, these things are very lumpy and certain big deals will expire at certain times and that'll drive some of the acceleration and I think that lumpiness is probably a reason why '09 for us, and it's different for every cable company because their deals expire at different times, was a year that was higher than '10 is likely to be.
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks, Marcy. Operator, let's have the last question please.
Operator: The last question comes from the lien of Jason Armstrong with Goldman Sachs.
Jason Armstrong - Goldman Sachs: Hey, thanks for taking the question. Maybe just a couple of quick ones. On stronger RGUs in the first quarter, can you step us through sort of the growth add versus turn components across the key categories to really help us think about where the strength is coming from? And then maybe second question more broadly, RGU is sort of down 25% year over year, but more flattish if you look at the second half of '09. So the total suggests pressure, but the run rate implies a little bit more stability. What's the right framework to think about as we move into early 2010 forecasting? Thanks.
Stephen B. Burke: Well, let me concentrate on high-speed data although you could kind of make the same comments about everything. Churn is down year to year which is, to me, a very interesting thing when the RBOCs have added 5 million new homes and I think a good thing and there's a whole variety of theories as to why churn is down. I think some of it is we get more and more bundled customers. I think we've made some efforts and seeing some success with improved service, et cetera. So churn is down, but gross adds are up for high-speed data and the high-speed data business I think has made a very interesting pivot in the first and second quarters. Certainly in the second quarter we were down significantly versus the prior year and we've had a lot of weeks in the second half of the year where this business which is a maturing business where we have 16 million customers is doing better on a weekly basis than the prior year and I think a lot of that has to do with the fact that we've made the DOCSIS 3.0 investment, our speeds are better, but that has been surprising to us.  So I think it's progress both on gross adds and churn and who knows where that goes. It's very difficult to assess. The high-speed data business I think has been indexing at less than 100% of prior year almost every year for certainly three, four, five years, and then all of a sudden in the second half it's indexing higher and I think that could be due to a whole variety of things. We're certainly not assuming that as a lock to continue to happen through 2010. We certainly hope it does. But I think these things bounce around and you'll see quarters which are better and quarters which are worth, but we're certainly pleased with where you are.
Brian L. Roberts: Let me perhaps use this to finish the call by just saying that I think we've made real progress on operational execution and just to echo the service improvements we have been targeting, I think it's a whole customer experience that's critical and so we're starting to see, and Steve touched on it with our initiative for 2010, to continue to become better operators in how we answer the phones, how we roll the trucks, how we process all the transactions that we do. The volumes are quite large and we've made real progress and I think you're starting to see that also in some of the churn numbers and some of the performance in the second half.  There's a real focus on execution and that's one of the things we absolutely don't want to miss a beat as we kick off the new year, and at the same time with the launch of Xfinity and the emphasis on a lot has changed in our consumer proposition, this is again a way to begin the new year by putting a real emphasis, particularly in those markets that are completing some of these strategic initiatives that all of the rest of the markets or most of the rest of the markets will complete throughout the year or get close to completion, we think we have a real consumer message that is this is a different experience than you got just two years ago. The world has changed. A lot's changed for the positive, consumers in control, and I think we're giving a better and better service experience. Thank you.
Marlene S. Dooner: Thank you all for joining us this morning. Operator, please provide instructions for the replay.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 11:30 am Eastern Standard Time. It will run through Monday February 8th at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 800-642-1687 and the conference ID# is 47186371. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Dooner  Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Brian Roberts  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael Angelakis - Chief Financial Officer Steve Burke  Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein Jessica Reif-Cohen - BAS-ML Vijay Jayant - Barclays Capital Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Thomas Egan  Collins Stewart Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities John Hodulik - UBS 
Operator: Welcome to Comcast's second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner.
Marlene Dooner:  Thank you and welcome everyone to our second quarter 2009 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Brian Roberts, Steve Burke and Michael Angelakis. As always, let me first refer you to Slide 2, which contains our safe harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties.  In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.  With that let me now turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian? 
Brian Roberts:  Thank you, Marlene, and good morning everyone. Today we are pleased to report solid results for the second quarter really highlighting the strength of our subscription businesses and our continued focus on expense and capital management.  In the second quarter we generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow and for the first six months of the year $2.5 billion which is a 36% increase. Our ability to continue to deliver consistent and significant free cash flow was once again the result of healthy growth in revenues of 4.5% and operating cash flow growth of 5.5% as well as lower cable capital expenditures.  The combination of a weak economy and increasing competition does continue to translate into slower growth in new customer additions. In the second quarter units are also seasonally soft. Our high speed internet adds in particular were disappointing. We believe we understand what happened and have already made some corrections and are pretty optimistic the second quarter high speed internet unit growth will not represent a new trend. Steve will take you through this in more detail.  All in all we are working to strike the right balance between revenue, cash flow and unit growth and the diversity of our revenue streams and the subscription nature of many of our products are helping us to deliver healthy financial results. At the same time, we are focused on providing a superior customer experience offering the best products, delivered reliably and serviced well.  In June the American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI) noted a 9% improvement in our customer satisfaction scores highlighting some of our efforts to monitor customer feedback, to address customer issues and internally we continue to see improvement as well in network reliability as well as lower contact rates, trouble calls and repeat trouble calls. We know we have a lot of work still to do but have a real commitment to this effort and we are making steady progress.  We are also innovating, investing in our products and services and executing on strategic initiatives that strengthen our competitive position now and in the future. Just this quarter we launched a number of new features and applications that provide more choices and more ways for customers to access the Comcast services they already enjoy in the home.  First, we announced the launch of our trial of On-Demand online or TV everywhere which now includes programming from more than 20 programmers including broadcasters, premium channels and cable networks.  We also launched a new app for the iPhone, iPod touch community giving customers mobile access to a number of Comcast video, voice and internet services. Similarly, with the launch of Comcast High-Speed 2go in Portland and Atlanta we are beginning the rollout of 4G high speed wireless data services. We are clearly now in the execution phase of our wireless strategy as Portland and Atlanta will be followed by other major markets like Chicago, Philadelphia and others.  We continue to make progress on our key strategic initiatives deploying DOCSIS 3.0 or Wi-Band and All-Digital and expanding our on-demand capabilities with Project Infinity, which are all very important to our long-term success. We have already installed Wi-Band in nearly 50% of our footprint and we hope to reach close to 80% by year-end. As we deploy this Wi-Band capability we are doubling speed to our existing customers and introducing new, higher speed services in these markets.  We are also on track executing All-Digital and we will dramatically increase our product capabilities and help enhance the experience we offer customers particularly in high definition choices, channels and ethnic television. Steve will give you an update on both of these projects including the results from the rollout of All-Digital in Portland where we are now effectively complete.  All of our operating efforts are based on a disciplined and balanced financial approach and over the last few months we completed a number of transactions to reinforce our strong credit profile. Michael will provide more details on that and some of the new financings we have completed in a few minutes.  I am pleased with our results this quarter. When compared to almost any other business Comcast is proving to be robust even in this tough economic environment. We are delivering growth in revenues, growth in operating cash flow, great growth in free cash flow and at the same time we are positioning the company for future success.  Let me now pass it on to Michael to cover the second quarter results in more detail. 
Michael Angelakis :  Thank you Brian. Let me begin by reviewing our consolidated results on slide four. Overall the company continues to execute well in a challenging economic and competitive environment reflecting our continued focus on profitable growth and proactive expense and capital management.  For the second quarter consolidated revenue increased 4.5% to $8.9 billion and operating cash flow grew 5.5% to $3.5 billion resulting in a consolidated operating cash flow margin of 39.6% versus 39.2% in the second quarter of 2008.  In addition to growing our revenue and operating cash flow we are also very focused on free cash flow, free cash flow per share and adjusted earnings per share as important metrics in evaluating the strength of our company. In each of these key metrics our performance in the second quarter and on a year-to-date basis are very strong and reflect meaningful progress and growth.  During the second quarter we generated consolidated free cash flow of $1.2 billion. Year-to-date free cash flow has increased 36% to $2.5 billion from $1.9 billion in 2008. To be clear, we are providing a consistent comparison for prior year results and therefore free cash flow for 2009 and 2008 specifically exclude any impact from the 2009 or 2008 economic stimulus packages.  In addition, free cash flow per share increased 3% in the quarter to $0.40 per share and our year-to-date free cash flow per share has increased 42% to $0.88 per share compared to the same period in 2008.   We generated EPS of $0.33 per share, an increase of 67% compared to the second quarter of 2008. On a year-to-date basis our adjusted EPS has increased 46% to $0.50 per share. The reason for this adjustment is to exclude a one-time gain in 2008 related to the dissolution of the Insight/Midwest partnership.  We remain very focused on executing our strategic, operational and financial plans. There are several areas that should be highlighted. Consistent with the ongoing recession and its consumer impact, we are continuing to experience a slowdown in gross connect activity across all of our service categories. The weak economy continues to negatively impact the consumer, providing us with fewer opportunities to sell new services.  Connect activity was exceptionally challenging in April and May although we saw some improvement in June as connects benefited from the broadcast digital transition and additional marketing efforts. We expect connects to remain challenging due to the difficult economic environment and competition as [R-Box] continues to increase their footprint and they and satellite remain promotional.  In addition, in the second quarter churn in both video and high speed internet modestly increased driven by higher voluntary disconnects that were concentrated in a handful of markets which are experiencing particularly high unemployment rates or levels of foreclosures. However, we are managing appropriately our bad debt and it continues to trend at similar levels to prior year.  The overall advertising market continues to be challenging. Our local cable advertising revenue declined 20% this quarter and we are not seeing any signs of recovery. Advertising weakness also impacted our national programming network. Our programming division reported a 5% increase in revenue. However, it includes a 7% decline in advertising revenue in the second quarter.  Even with these headwinds I think it is important to recognize we are growing the business and we are confident that we will continue to execute through this recession. We will remain diligent with our expense controls and are focused on delivering growth in revenues, operating cash flow and free cash flow as well as improving capital efficiency.  Lets review our cable divisions second quarter results in more detail. Please refer to slide five. In the second quarter of 2009 cable revenue increased 5% to $8.5 billion reflecting growth in each of our businesses including video, high speed internet, voice and business services. This revenue growth was relatively stable despite lower than expected customer additions and weak advertising sales.  Total video, high speed internet and voice customers grew 84,000 for the second quarter totaling 46 million, an increase of 4% of 1.6 million new customer additions over the last 12 months. Even as we experience pressure on unit growth and advertising, total revenue per video customer remained solid during the second quarter increasing 7% to $118. Total subscription revenue per customer, which excludes advertising, grew 9% to $113 reflecting the following components; Total video revenue increased 2% reflecting a 4% increase in video ARPU and a decline in basic video customers.  Our second quarter 2009 video customer loss was 214,000 which does include some benefit from the digital transition. This quarters increase in video ARPU reflects rate increases and a continued growth in digital and advanced services offset by additional bundling and promotions. In the second quarter our video mix included a higher proportion of limited basic customers as a result of the digital transition and more customers subscribing to lower levels of digital service.  High speed internet revenue increased 8% during the quarter and as Brian mentioned second quarter high speed internet customer additions were unusually low at 65,000. Despite that we had stable average revenue per customer of approximately $42 and penetration is approximately 30%.  Voice revenue increased 25% for the second quarter reflecting continued growth in our customer base and a modest decline in ARPU for approximately $39. We added 233,000 voice customers this customer and now have over 7 million customers. Penetration for our voice service is approximately 15% and we believe there is meaningful growth remaining in this business. At the end of the second quarter 2009 25% of our video customers took all three services compared to 20% in the second quarter of 2008.  Revenue from our business services segment increased 51% in the quarter to $198 million. Business services continues to gain momentum and we expect business services to be a meaningful contributor to our growth.  Please refer to slide six. As you can see from this slide, cable results over the last 2.5 years has grown consistently and reflects a stable and diversified profit mix. In the second quarter of 2009 cable operating cash flow increased 4% to $3.5 billion and our cable operating cash flow margin decreased slightly to 41.3% from 41.5% in the second quarter of 2008.  On a year-to-date basis, operating cash flow grew 6% to $6.9 billion resulting in a higher OCF margin of 41.1% compared to 40.6% during the same period in 2008. In the second quarter total expenses in our cable segment increased 5% and as we expected programming expenses increased 9% reflecting higher rates and additional digital programming costs as we have increased our digital customer base and continue to add new programming.  In addition we absorbed additional operating expenses to support the digital transition and our key strategic initiatives such as All-Digital and improving the customer experience which is reflected in the 11% increase in technical labor and the 6% increase in customer service expense.  While we continue to evaluate our cost structure to extract further efficiencies, we will continue to make these types of investments to support profitable growth, enhance product superiority and improve our customer experience. Partially offsetting these higher expenses, we continue to extract sale benefits and efficiencies in our high speed internet and digital voice businesses. Compared to the second quarter of 2008 our direct costs for high speed internet declined 14% and digital voice direct costs decreased 18%.  These expense reductions were achieved while we added almost one million high speed internet customers and 1.4 million voice customers over the last 12 months. Also, marketing expense decreased 2% year-over-year reflecting timing and favorable advertising pricing. We expect marketing expense to trend higher in the second half of the year but full year marketing expenses should be fairly consistent with full year 2008.  Please refer to slide seven. In the second quarter of 2009 capital expenditures decreased 14% to $1.1 billion representing 12.5% of revenue. The decline in CapEx was the result of improved efficiencies, lower unit growth, more favorable CPE pricing and reduced construction spend. This result was achieved even as we invested in our All-Digital and DOCSIS 3.0 strategic initiatives. We expanded Project Infinity, supported significant growth areas such as business services.  Consistent with historical trends, CapEx continued to be predominately growth oriented with growth CapEx accounting for 69% of cable CapEx for the quarter and 73% year-to-date. We remain very focused on return on incremental capital and are confident our growth investments will continue to yield attractive financial and strategic returns.  During the second quarter we deployed 1.9 million digital set top boxes and adapters, bringing our total deployed to over 30 million. Included in this number are boxes and adapters deployed to 250,000 digital customers added in the quarter. In addition, we deployed approximately 340,000 advanced high definition, indoor DVR set box as we added or upgraded 171,000 advanced service customers.  We now have 8.3 million High Def and/or DVR customers and our advanced service penetration is approximately 48% of total digital video customers. We also deployed 1.4 million digital adapters in the second quarter to support our roll out of our All-Digital initiative. Steve will give an update on our progress on All-Digital in a few minutes.  We also continue to purchase equipment for DOCSIS 3.0 or Wi-Band initiative. As Brian mentioned we have already deployed this service to nearly 50% of our footprint with a new goal to complete 80% of our footprint by year-end. We do expect CapEx will modestly increase during the second half of the year as we invest to sustain our momentum in business services and continue to expand our deployment of Wi-Band and All-Digital. Nevertheless, even as we accelerate our DOCSIS 3.0 deployment we are pleased with our capital management and expect our full-year CapEx will be both lower in absolute dollars and as a percentage of our revenue when compared to 2008.  Now please refer to slide eight. As we announced at the half-year mark, our financial strategy for 2009 hasnt changed as we are executing on a disciplined and return oriented approach to allocating capital as well as growing free cash flow and free cash flow per share.  In the second quarter of 2009, as I mentioned we generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow, consistent with prior year. Year-to-date free cash flow has increased 36% to $2.5 billion and free cash flow per share has increased 42% to $0.88 per share compared to the same period in 2008. Given the macroeconomic events, one of our goals in 2009 was to strength the companys financial profile and during the second quarter we completed a number of transactions to achieve that.  First, we had previously indicated we planned to use our free cash flow to pay down maturities this year. In the second quarter and over the last two weeks we have repaid $2 billion of maturing debt. We have also accessed the capital markets, raising $1.5 billion through attractive priced 10 and 30 year notes and immediately used these proceeds to tender for $1.3 billion in debt due in 2013 which was a year of unsized maturities for the company.  As we go forward in the third and fourth quarters it is our intention to repay approximately $1.4 billion of short-term debt with our internally generated cash. Given the recession and difficult economic climate, these transactions accomplished our 2009 goals as they modestly de-lever the balance sheet, reduce our cost of debt, improve our long-term liquidity and enhance the risk profile of the company. We believe our strong balance sheet is an asset to our shareholders and that modest debt reduction is accretive to our equity value.  At the same time, we are committed to returning capital directly to shareholders. During the first seven months of 2009 we have paid cash dividends totaling $568 million. Also during the second quarter of 2009 we used excess liquidity to repurchase 15.5 million of our shares for $215 million. As of June 30, 3009 we have approximately $3.9 billion of availability remaining under our share repurchase authorization so we may continue to purchase stock from time to time.  Now let me pass the call to Steve. 
Steve Burke :  Thanks Mike and good morning everybody. During the second quarter we posted solid financial results and continued to grow our cable business despite a tough economy. We also made significant progress in our All-Digital initiative, launching DOCSIS 3.0, introducing 4G wireless data and completing the countrys digital transition.  With half of 2009 remaining we are really focused on the four following things; one, striking the right balance between cash flow and unit growth. Two, driving consumer additions in a challenging environment. Three, realizing operating and capital efficiencies while investing in growth areas such as business services. Four, improving our competitive position by developing new products and customer service.  Now let me move on to each of our major lines of business starting with video. Total video revenue came in about as planned but basic subscribers were weaker than expected. The [R-Box] now have over built 28% of our footprint and they and satellite were very aggressive during the quarter. We have recently launched a number of high impact marketing campaigns and are seeing better trends in July than we did in the second quarter.  As discussed previously we have started to convert systems to all digital. Please refer to slide nine for information on this. Portland became the first large system to go All-Digital in June. Today 10% of the company has made the conversion and somewhere over 1/3 of all of our systems are actively engaged in the process of converting. By the end of this year 1/3 of our systems will have completed the conversion process.  Results to date have been better than planned. Costs are a drag on cash flow growth but costs are coming in below what we planned for them to be. We are also seeing operational savings post transition in Portland and believe this effort will have an attractive ROI in addition to paving the way to over 100 High Def channels, ethnic programming and other product enhancements.  Moving on to data, ARPU was strong but high speed data net adds were disappointing at 65,000. We expected to see some deceleration in the second quarter but not at this level. There are a variety of factors that contributed to this performance. Seasonality and economy clearly played a part in our net add softness but so did our marketing emphasis. Much of our marketing during the second quarter was for the digital transition and other initiatives that had nothing to do with high speed data.  When we started marketing the Triple Play and high speed data more aggressively in July, our data sales improved markedly. In fact, we have already gained more subscribers third quarter to date than we did in all of the second quarter. We expect August and September to build on Julys momentum as we head into our strongest time of the year for data, the back-to-school season.  Longer-term, DOCSIS 3.0 will give us a speed advantage across the country. These efforts are about half complete but they have yet to contribute to our net add performance in a significant way. During the quarter we introduced our 4G wireless product which we call Comcast 2Go. Please refer to slide ten. We launched July 1 in Portland, Oregon and July 28th in Atlanta. We will be moving this product into Chicago, Philadelphia, the Washington state area and other markets this fall. While it is early, we have gotten off to a strong start and are ahead of plan.  For new customers we are offering a compelling combination of in-home and mobile data for $49.99 a month for the first 12 months. This is a great product and the good news is, it is bringing a lot of customers into the high speed data pool that are new to that segment of our business.  As reported, we also recently announced a new web service that allows authenticated cable customers to get more programming via the Internet. Please refer to slide 11. We are beta testing this to 5,000 customers today. The site is terrific and it is continuing to perform well with over 20 programmers and over 4,000 titles available and we plan to expand this launch nationally this fall. We think this effort is very important strategically for the cable industry and we are pleased to see it starting off so well.  Moving on to voice, we added 233,000 voice customers in the quarter. Penetration is now up to 15%. Close to a quarter of all our customers now subscribe to all three of our products. Similar to high speed data we are seeing an improvement as we exit the second quarter and look at July results. We continue to enhance and differentiate our voice offerings. For example, we are testing and will soon launch an enhanced cordless telephone that allows you to check your Comcast.net email without turning on your computer, synchronize your address book, search local business listings and read the latest news, weather and sports, all from your home phone.  As Brian mentioned, we recently launched a Comcast mobile app for Apple iPhone. This app allows you to check your email, synch your address book and this fall will allow you to program your DVR. In just a couple of weeks we have had over 200,000 downloads and were one of the top 12 apps for the Apple iPhone.  In the near future we will be launching converged wireless apps on Blackberry and other devices. Between our 4G launch and the Comcast mobile apps you are starting to see us flesh out our wireless strategy.  Our cable advertising business was down 19.6% for the second quarter. This is obviously real weakness and material enough that our cash flow growth rate would have been over 2 percentage points higher without ad sales. Our ad sales business was down 25% in the first quarter and 20% in the second quarter so you could say this is a sign of some improvement but the market is very opaque at this point. We have had some weeks that are better than the second quarter but it is too soon to say that the advertising market is recovering.  Moving on to business services, our commercial business continues to show very strong growth. Please look at slide 13 for a sense of how this business is ramping. Revenue was up over 50% in the quarter and year-to-date. This business is firing on all cylinders even as our base gets bigger. Our growth rate is accelerating from the mid 30s 18 months ago to over 50% this quarter. We look forward to continued high growth rates in the quarters ahead.  We are continuing to focus on the small business sector with eight-line phone, high speed data and Microsoft communications services. We are sharpening our marketing message and building real skill in this business. At the same time we are branching off into new businesses beyond just small business customers. For example, we are expanding our Sell Back Call operations and now have agreements with wireless carriers contracted for over 2,000 towers. Our goal is to keep this business growing rapidly and this is an area where we would like to invest as much capital to get as good a return as possible. Our plan is to do that in the second half of 2009.  In summary, while the environment is challenging we are continuing to grow our cable business. As importantly, with All-Digital, DOCSIS 3.0, 4G and business services we are making the investments today that will power our growth in the future.  Marlene? 
Marlene Dooner :  Thanks Steve. Operator, lets open up the call to Q&A please. 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse. 
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: If we could just go back to the broadband net adds again you talked about seasonality and marketing playing a role in the weak results. Can you talk a little bit about anything you are seeing in the competitive environment impacting results? Do you have any plans to be more promotional with data pricing? Then one quick question for Mike. In the past Comcast has given us a sense of timing in terms of completing the buy back. Can you give us any clarity there on the buy back? 
Steve Burke :  Let me go first, in terms of high speed data net adds, I think in the first quarter we gained about 300,000 high speed data subs so 365 is a big drop. It really in looking at it, it was a whole bunch of different factors but the good news is once we adjusted and really started doing more single product high speed data promotions and Triple Play promotions and shifted away from the countrys digital transition we have seen the business pick up significantly and I think the third quarter is going to look a lot more like the first quarter than the second. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, already in the third quarter we have added more subs than we did in the second. I think the primary driver that we can control is concentrating on getting those marketing campaigns out there which is what we are doing. 
Michael Angelakis :  Why dont I take the question on buybacks. We continue to believe the stock is undervalued. We have articulated I think a pretty balanced financial strategy for the year. We are really pleased that we resumed purchasing the shares. The way we view purchasing the shares is really based on excess liquidity. When you look at what our thoughts were with regard to the strategy this year in how we de-lever and how we generate free cash flow we are generating some excess liquidity and we though the best use for that was to repurchase some shares. We will continue to resume repurchasing and we are pleased to do it. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs: Just to follow-up on Spencers question regarding free cash flow and the uses of free cash flow, my first question is why wouldnt you refinance the short-term debt that you have coming due this year? Then, what is your outlook for returning more capital to shareholders in 2010 when you are hopefully growing free cash flow again? 
Michael Angelakis :  I think that we were very clear at the beginning of the year that we wanted to modestly de-lever. When we think about leverage we think about leverage clearly as debt to operating cash flow. We also think about debt to un-leverage free cash flow as well as debt to free cash flow. I think the goal this year was to really create an independent company from a financing standpoint. We dont want to get into a situation where what occurred last fall with the financial crisis. I think a number of things we have done this year in terms of modestly de-levering, in terms of growing free cash flow, in terms of pushing out some of the maturities at attractive rates all represent what we think is a pretty balanced strategy as well as increasing the dividend now resuming the purchase of the shares. We are looking at that as a very balanced, maybe a touch conservative but a very balanced strategy of how we are using free cash flow. 
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs: And the outlook for 2010? 
Michael Angelakis :  I think we will talk about it later in the year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet  Citigroup. 
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: I just had a question for Mr. Angelakis on the OCF margins. I guess over a long period of time we have always been able to think about 40%-ish margins over the last decade. If we look under the hood I think you would agree that the gross profit margins on video have come down and it has sort of been helped by high gross profit margins on data and phone. If those revenues begin to slow on data and phone do you think there is enough cost cutting in the system over the next 2-3 years that will allow you to maintain these margins or do you think it is more apt to drift a touch lower? 
Michael Angelakis :  I think our margins number one are the highest in the industry so I think that is important to note. Secondly if you look at slide six which really goes through 2.5 years of margin we have steadily increased the margins by 150 odd basis points. I think we are very focused on where the margin goes. I think we have appropriate costs in the company both on high speed and on voice that we are going to manage well and as we articulated in the call I think it is very difficult to look at the next few years but I think we are pretty confident with where our margins are. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: I wonder if you could elaborate more on your strategy as it relates to Clear Wire. Your pricing strategy or at least your promotional pricing strategy in Portland was quite aggressive. I presume that reflects a low transfer price. I am just wondering if you can talk at all about what kinds of margins you expect to make on the Clear Wire business. Second, if you can talk about what your voice strategy may be as it relates to Clear Wire and the wireless business in general. Would you expect to start offering voice services that ride on top of the Clear Wire service? Do you think of those as effectively another free add on or do you think of those as another potential profit pool? 
Steve Burke :  Just so everybody understands exactly what we are doing with this product which we call Comcast 2Go. It is powered by the Clear Wire network in the markets where they have launched their network. To the consumer it is branded as Comcast 2Go. It is primarily sold in conjunction with our high speed data products. We think of them as sold in a bundle that makes a lot of sense for the consumer and it is quite straight forward transactionally for us to process. We charge $49.95 for the first year. Most of the time when we sell high speed data alone we have some form of promotional price so one way to look at it is you are getting high speed data subs that you would have other promoted for. Plus you are getting the Comcast 2Go subs. The end of the year resets to $69.95. The combination product of the two has very healthy margins. We were just talking about 40% margins. The margin is in excess of 40% for the combination once it resets to $69.96. We think the product is very sticky. The mobile component always comes with a contract. We think that is very sticky. Really importantly, 40% of the customers we are getting in Portland are brand new to Comcast. They are lapsed DSL customers or customers who otherwise potentially would be getting DSL and for us this is a way for us to grow our high speed data business in the home and add a new business line. I understand your point. We are using someone elses network. There is a transfer price. How does that all work economically. But we are very comfortable that this is a product that is an enhancement to our high speed data business and can grow the overall pie.  As it relates to voice and some of the other things we are doing in wireless, I think at this point it really doesnt make sense for us to tip our hand. We have been talking about wireless a long time and I think you are starting to see us execute our wireless strategy. Obviously 4G is a big part of it but there are other parts. Multiple other parts you will be seeing in the months ahead. 
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: The growth rate you had in that 40% in Portland that you are taking from competitors, does that translate to a meaningfully faster growth rate overall in Portland or cant you tell? 
Steve Burke :  For high speed data net adds? 
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Yes. 
Steve Burke :  Yes, it is definitely faster. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen - BAS-ML. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - BAS-ML: Can you give us an update on Canoe? 
Steve Burke :  We just had a Canoe board meeting a couple of days ago. I think we are making very good progress. You are not seeing it in the numbers right now and you really wont see it in the numbers in a material fashion for awhile. The industry has really come together well. One of the products we are working on now relates to the roll out of [EBIS] which those of you who follow the industry well understand that [EBIS] is going to allow us to do a lot of interactivity, RFI, voting and polling. Depending on how that roll out goes, the partner MSOs could have as many as 25 million [EBIS] enabled homes by the fourth quarter. Those homes are going to be Canoe enabled homes and then there is going to be an entire business built on that. That project is going quite well as are other things that Canoe is doing. The board meeting was 3 hours long. I spent another 3-4 hours with the Canoe team. Obviously this is a really important initiative for the company. We have got to get interactive advertising moving. I think we are making real progress. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - BAS-ML: So is this like a 2011 revenue business? 
Steve Burke :  I think you will see some revenue in 2010 and it will become more material in the future. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - BAS-ML: Switching gears, what exactly caused you to step up the roll out of DOCSIS to other areas of the country? What are you seeing and what do you expect to get? 
Steve Burke :  I think we have always been real believers and one of the earliest sort of advocates of DOCSIS 3.0. It was always our intention to roll it out to a majority of the country. A lot of it is operational; how you get it into the markets and is it working well, etc. I think part of the estimate is that we are getting it implemented and we are a little further along the line and continue to be big believers in it. I think everybody in the industry eventually is going to put DOCSIS 3.0 pretty much everywhere it is just a question of how fast you do it. 
Brian Roberts :  I just want to add I think it is part of our sort of technical repositioning of the company. We are getting the plumbing work done and getting all the operational, capital and every other issue kind of behind us. All-Digital, as Steve talked about earlier, and DOCSIS 3.0 are two big initiatives that we have to get through the whole company. Have true 2-way completely up and running on all the various devices. You come out of that period and you have a totally different product. You have faster internet. You have more hi-def channels. More ethnic channels. You have a whole other way to begin to think about bandwidth allocation. So it is going well. It is a lot of work. We are a big company. I think if the goal is to come out and be able to credibly position our products as the best whether it is video, data or cross-platform, having the DOCSIS 3.0 platform is an essential ingredient in our strategy. We are pretty happy to be getting it throughout the machine a lot faster. 
Steve Burke :  Brian mentioned All-Digital. We would like to be in a position to report that we are speeding up All-Digital as well. Right now we have about 10% of the country done but about 1/3 of all the systems are in process. It is a lot of work. Both DOCSIS 3.0 and All-Digital are a lot of work. Strategically we think it is important to get those projects done. If we can speed up All-Digital as well we will. 
Brian Roberts :  Basically it is going well.
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Vijay Jayant - Barclays Capital. 
Vijay Jayant - Barclays Capital: We hear that Motorola has finally got a switching solution that can scale. Will that change your All-Digital strategy? Is that something you would consider? Following on that, given the recent ruling on network DVR how do you think about that? Have you done any cost benefit analysis to sort of do that at this time? 
Steve Burke :  I think our vision of the future is you want to be all digital and you want to switch. You want to be able to offer as many possible choices to consumers as you can. I dont think they are mutually exclusive so we are going to continue moving and taking 100% of the company or functionally 100% of the company All-Digital while continuing to work on switching. We do think we have made real progress on the Motorola side of the house in terms of switching.  Regarding network DVR we have always believed that the network DVR is a great application that satellite cant replicate. There are a lot of different nuances in terms of how you manage the storage, what the actual product is, etc. With all of those different choices come different costs and cost benefits. We are working our way through those now. I think there is no question some form of network DVR type service is going to be in our future. It is just a matter of determining which form it is and getting that implemented. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley. 
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Mike on the all digital roll out I believe you are expensing, and correct me if Im wrong, the labor on those DTA deployments which I think is probably creating some drag on your margins. As we think about next year some of those expenses should roll off as you complete this project. I wonder if you could help us think about or quantify that trend this year and as you look forward.  For Steve on the competitive front you have a 20% overlap for T and Verizon. Which of those two might be meaningfully more competitive or more promotional if there is a big difference in the two from a product perspective? Where do you think that 28% goes, sort of best guess from here over time? 
Steve Burke :  Let me take a stab at both of them. First on the competitive, it is 28% now. I think by the end of the year it will go to around 30%. AT&T has much more footprint. It is easier for AT&T to expand their footprint more quickly because they are not doing as intense investment or fiber work as Verizon. AT&T and Verizon go back and forth in terms of who is most compatible to our business. They are about the same. In any one quarter one might be slightly ahead of the other. It is not as it one is taking more than the other. It varies by quarter. It varies by region obviously depending upon where they are.  In terms of the all digital drag if you look at what is happening when a market goes all digital first of all it affects almost everyone in the market. It affects almost every tech. It affects almost every person in the call center. The marketing. Everyone else. It does have a drag on the business. We think in the first and second quarter All-Digital and the countrys digital transition and the combination of those two efforts was probably a drag of about a point of cash flow.  You sort of implied that in 2010 it would be a positive for us. The reality is I think for all of 2010, every quarter in 2010, we are going to still be taking systems All-Digital. So I dont think that one percentage point necessarily comes back until 2011. The drag is more than just financial. There is only a certain amount of intellectual bandwidth a system can have and when you are going through one of these conversions it is quite intense. What is great is when you come out and the Oregon system has now come out the other side, you have clear savings and efficiencies and you can then offer your customers 100 high def channels, lots of ethnic channels, really a better video product than any of our competition. Plus of course high speed data and everything else. So when a system is going through it and it might take 9-12 months for a particular system to get through the All-Digital conversion. It is clearly a drag in a lot of different ways but when they come out it is a real benefit. 
Brian Roberts :  Let me just add one minor point. The reason we are taking 9-12 months in a system is we want to be the minimal dislocation. You can do it faster but then it as more people clog up phone calls we are really sensitive to try and make this as least disruptive to the consumer as possible and just have it be a benefit when we are finally done. That seems to be working. 
Michael Angelakis : I think we have talked about this before, in 2009 and 2010 we are allocating capital for both the All-Digital as well as the DOCSIS 3.0 roll outs. Obviously we are accelerating DOCSIS 3.0 a bit. It is not going to be meaningful in terms of how we manage capital. That will be a bit of a benefit to us in 2010 but we will have the All-Digital CapEx in 2010. In 2011 our hope is obviously the capital goes away and some of the expense drag goes away as well. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Thomas Egan  Collins Stewart. 
Thomas Egan  Collins Stewart:  A question on basic. Who do you see as being more competitive right now, i.e. who are you losing more of your basic customers to? Is it more of the [R-Box] or is it satellite? Then I have a follow-up on the All-Digital. 
Steve Burke :  I think at this point it is more of the [R-Box] than satellite. 
Thomas Egan  Collins Stewart:  Regarding All-Digital, we saw with Cablevision as they took off about 14 analog channels off of the channel lineup they added digital but lost analog. So can you talk a little bit about as you proceed with the All-Digital transition what is the impact going to be with analog versus digital subs? 
Steve Burke :  Well the way our all digital works the only people who stay analog are lifeline or B1 customers which is a small minority. They continue to get ABC, NBC, CBS, CSPAN, whatever else is on that lifeline tier. Everyone else goes to digital so there really is no analog base. We dont lose subs when we go through the transition. We may lose some but we also gain some because of that production, etc. Everyone who then gets converted to a digital customer who was analog gets something. Typically it adds a dozen new channels. We add music channels. They get digital picture quality. So no one goes backwards. There is an inconvenience. You need to put a digital converter or set top box in someones house. 80% of a the time we do that with a self-install kit.  It is a fairly easy thing. We drop ship. You dont need to take a half a day off of work and wait for someone to come in and do it. Whether it is a regular functioning digital set top box or a D to A converter, no matter what happens everybody goes forward in the market. No one goes backward. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities: Just to further the conversation on wireless looking out a couple of years one question I get a lot from investors is regarding 4G wireless rollouts and the impact it will have. You have already discussed your wireless efforts and you are the first market where your solution helps you take share for now. Is there a risk that reverses when 4G gets out there for the [R-Box] given their scale and their ability to essentially compete on price? That is the first one.  Second, I am wondering about the 2010 programming cost outlook. This is a tough year for programming cost renewals but based on the contracts coming up for renewal I would think that 2010 might be a little bit better year. Just curious on any comments you might make there. 
Brian Roberts :  On wireless, our working assumption is the wireless companies are going to do what they are going to do anyway. So 4G is the next evolution in their technology. Im not sure how quickly it really does get here. They are barely deployed to 3G and what the return on capital would be to completely go to the next generation this quickly. We are just going to have to see their behavior. There is not much we can do. Our view is how best to enter the market and when Clear Wire came to us and said we could start from scratch with over 100 MHz per market and have version spectrum deployed to innovation with 4G right out of the box. That was very appealing to us. We have only launched two markets in just a few weeks or few months but it is very exciting to begin to have the bundle that Steve talked about.  We are assuming that obviously the wireless companies will have their own bundle. The question we never got back to that was asked in this space as well was what about voice with wireless. A lot of us believe that in wireless in the long run voice is going to run on top of data as an application and that is not here today but there are a lot of people who see that day coming. So it is a real good beginning. We also have done some nice work with the iPhone with our wireless team and the data team. It is just the beginning of having a complement of products. I think it is important strategically and hopefully will be a good investment in addition to that as well. 
Michael Angelakis :  On the programming side, we dont want to get too far ahead of ourselves with regard to 2010. If we look at programming costs from two perspectives; one is as we add more digital customers our programming costs go up. That we acknowledge and actually are happy to have more digital customers. What we are obviously very focused on is what is the increase in our costs on a run rate basis. I know we are somewhere around 9% or a little bit higher. We are working really hard to be sure that number comes down. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of John Hodulik  UBS. 
John Hodulik - UBS: You mentioned you saw improving trends in July on the basic subs front. I think versus what you were seeing in June. Can you talk a little about what is driving that? Are you seeing some bottoming in the economy? I would imagine you had gotten some benefit from the digital transition in June and for July to be better Im just wondering if you guys are doing something different or if you are seeing something different in the market? 
Michael Angelakis :  I think really what is happening in terms of our business picking up relative to our plan is really jus the focus of the marketing efforts. When 1/3 of your company is going through the All-Digital transition they are really thinking about that. When 100% of the country is doing the countrys DTV transition they are thinking about that. What we found is day in and day out we need to have a strong Triple Play promotion which we do with the $99.00 one-year Triple Play promotion and you need to have a strong high speed data message in the market frequently and a basic sub message and a phone message in the market frequently. It is interesting, once we started doing that and really getting back to that during the month of June and July the business really responded.  As it relates to high speed data what happens in the third quarter it is traditionally a good high speed data quarter as you have back to school. So whatever momentum you start in July and August typically increases in September. It is very hard to predict what could happen with competitors. I dont think the change in the economy is having a material impact. I think it is more what we are doing in terms of our marketing and we hope the trends continue. 
Brian Roberts :  I just want to conclude by saying that the important question we are studying all the time but I think what this quarter demonstrated, what the first half demonstrated, is it is about a balance between our financial focus and discipline and rigor and unit in a world where 28% has now been over built. We are realistic about that. We have planned for it. We are constantly balancing. So it is a combination of execution as Steve just talked about. How do we adjust that execution? Every week, every month and every quarter.  We are keeping our focus on the big picture which is a very solid business in tough economic times with some unusual things going on and I think we are going to come out of it and be the strongest we have ever been. So we are pleased with the quarter. 
Marlene Dooner :  Thank you John and thank you all for joining us this morning. Operator please provide instructions for the replay. 
Operator:  There will be a replay available of todays call starting at 11:30 a.m. EST. It will run through Tuesday, August 11 at midnight ET. The dial in number is 800-642-1687 and the conference ID number is 15891171. This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Marlene Dooner  Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Brian Roberts  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael Angelakis - Chief Financial Officer Steve Burke  Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jessica Reif-Cohen - BAS-ML Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Vijay Jayant - Barclays Capital John Hodulik - UBS Jason Bazinet - Citigroup Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia
Operator:  Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, Operator, and welcome, everyone, to our first quarter 2009 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Brian Roberts, Steve Burke, and Michael Angelakis.  As always, let me first refer you to Slide 2, which contains our safe harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. With that let me now turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian?
Brian Roberts: Thank you, Marlene, and good morning, everyone. Today we are pleased to report a solid start to 2009, demonstrating the underlying strength of our subscription businesses and our ability to continue to manage effectively in a challenging environment. Our results reflect very effective execution in my opinion. Reacting to the economic slowdown back in 2007, we adjusted early to this rapidly changing environment and we're continuing to fine-tune our strategy now to deliver these kinds of solid results and at the same time continue to strengthen the competitive advantages that we believe our platform has. As we do this we are focused on balancing revenue, cash flow and unit growth. We are also intensely focused on managing operating expenses and capital and our strong first quarter results reflect all of these efforts. We generated $1.4 billion of free cash flow or a 95% growth driven by lower capital spending by Cable and healthy growth in revenues of 5% and operating cash flow growth of 2008.  At the same time, we're equally determined to reinforce the competitive advantages so we're investing in products, marketing and customer service and in high-growth businesses like Comcast Business Services while we execute on strategic initiatives like DOCSIS 3.0, wideband, and going all digital that are so important to our long-term success.  We've already deployed wideband to 35% of our footprint, with a goal to expand this deployment to 65% of our markets by year end.  We're also rapidly expanding our efforts to go all digital. This project will dramatically increase our product capabilities, help enhance the experience we offer our customers, particularly with more high definition television. As part of the remarks this morning Steve Burke will give a long update on where we are and why we think this is such a strategically important project.  All of our operating efforts are supported by a strong balance sheet and a disciplined financial approach, so across the board I believe we're in solid position as we begin 2009.  Let me now pass to Michael to cover the first quarter results in more detail.
Michael Angelakis: Thank you, Brian. Let me begin by briefly reviewing our consolidated results, starting on Slide 4. Overall, the company executed well in a difficult environment, reflecting our continued focus on profitable growth and proactive expense and capital management. For the first quarter, consolidated revenue increased 5% to $8.8 billion and operating cash flow grew 8.5% to $3.4 billion, resulting in a consolidated operating cash flow margin of 39%. Note that all of this is organic growth as there are no pro forma adjustments. As you know, in addition to revenue and operating cash flow we are very focused on free cash flow, free cash flow per share, and adjusted earnings per share as important metrics in evaluating the strength of our consolidated businesses. In each of these key metrics our performance during the first quarter was very strong.  We generated consolidated free cash flow of $1.4 billion, an increase of 95% versus the first quarter of 2008 reflecting growth in consolidated OCF and declining capital intensity.  In addition, compared to the first quarter of 2008 our free cash flow per share more than doubled to $0.47 per share and our adjusted EPS increased 42% to $0.27 per share. The reason for the adjustment is to exclude a one-time gain in 2008 related to the dissolution of the Insight Midwest Partnership.  We are focused on execution and are pleased with these financial results, but there are several areas that could impact our results for the remainder of the year, specifically we have experienced a slowdown in gross connect activity and in March and April our connects have weakened further across all of our service categories. Also, the advertising market continues to be challenging, with cable advertising revenue down 25% this quarter. We continue to see weakness in key advertising categories, including autos, financials and housing-related sectors.  Our Programming division, which has been performing well, reported a 1% decline in revenue and a 2% decline in OCF as a result of an 8% decrease in advertising revenue in the first quarter. It is important to note that cable advertising revenue accounts for 3% of cable revenue and total advertising revenue accounts for approximately 5% of our total consolidated revenue.  Additionally, we are continuing to invest in areas that support profitable growth, like marketing, retention, targeted promotion, business services and longer-term competitive initiatives like DOCSIS 3.0 and all digital. As such, these expenses and related capital investment may accelerate throughout the year as we continue to balance our revenue, cash flow and unit growth.  While these items may impact us during 2009, we remain diligent with our expense control and are focused on delivering growth in revenue, operating cash flow and free cash flow as well as improving capital efficiency as it declines in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue in 2009.  Let's revenue our Cable division's first quarter results in more detail. Please refer to Slide 5. In the first quarter of 2009 Cable revenue increased 5.5% to $8.3 billion, reflecting growth in each of our subscription businesses, including video, high-speed Internet, voice and business services. Total video, high-speed Internet and voice customer net additions were 549,000 in the first quarter. Overall, we have continued to experience lower gross connect activity as a result of the weakening economic environment and increased video competition. However, churn continues to be flat to down across all service categories. In addition, our bad debt continues to run at similar levels to prior year as a result of our increased use of credit screening.  Total revenue per customer remained healthy, increasing 8% to $115, reflecting the following components:  Total revenue for video increased 3%, resulting in a 6% increase in video ARPU and a decline in basic video customers. Our first quarter '09 net video customer loss was 78,000, which does include some benefit from the broadcast digital transition, particularly during February. We also expect to see some benefit in the second quarter around the June digital transition date. This quarter's increase in video ARPU reflects rate increases and a growth in digital and advanced services offset by additional bundling, promotions and weakness in pay-per-view. For the first quarter of 2009 pay-per-view revenue was negatively impacted by fewer events and softness in movie buys. Our total number of on-demand views continues to increase, averaging over 300 million views per month, but we are seeing a greater shift to free on-demand content.  High-speed Internet revenue increased 9% in the quarter as we added 329,000 customers and had stable average revenue per customer of approximately $42. Our customer mix remains healthy as we continue to add more higher-tier customers than those on the economy level. Voice revenue increased 32% for the first quarter, reflecting continued growth in our customer base and a modest decline in ARPU to approximately $39. We added 298,000 voice customers this quarter and now have 6.8 million CDV customers. Our penetration is now over 14% and we believe there is a long runway for growth in this business. At the end of the first quarter of 2009 24% of our video customers took all three services compared to 18% in the first quarter of 2008.  Revenue from our business services segment increased 47% in the quarter to $176 million, demonstrating that in a difficult environment our value-based strategy is gaining momentum. Business services is growing nicely and the margins are now in line with our overall cable margins and we continue to expect business services to be a major contributor to our growth. As I mentioned before, our local cable advertising business continues to be challenged, with revenue declining 25% this quarter and unfortunately we are not seeing any signs of an advertising recovery at this time.  Please refer to Slide 6 to revenue our cable division's operating expenses and operating cash flow results.  Total expenses in our cable segment increased 3.5% in the first quarter resulting in operating cash flow growth of 8% to $3.4 billion. Our cable operating cash flow margin in the first quarter increased to 40.8% from 39.7% compared to the first quarter of 2008.  As we expected, programming expenses increased 9.6% primarily reflecting higher digital programming costs as we increased our digital customer base and experienced higher sports programming costs. However, if we exclude programming costs, our total expenses increased 0.4% or essentially flat year-on-year even as we added 2.2 million video, Internet and voice customers during the past 12 months, demonstrating our strong focus on expense management.  In the first quarter of '09 we also continued to extract scale benefits and efficiencies in our high-speed Internet and digital voice businesses. Compared to the first quarter of 2008 our network and direct costs for high-speed Internet declined 13% and digital voice direct cost decreased 16%.  In other areas, administrative and other SG&A expenses declined 2%, primarily reflecting tighter controls and headcount reductions taken in 2008. Also marketing expenses decreased 8% year-on-year, but we do expect marketing expenses to trend higher throughout the rest of the year. As we continue to focus on expense management we are also absorbing additional operating expenses to support our key strategic initiatives such as all-digital, the broadcast digital transition and our focus on improving the customer experience, which is reflected in the 10% increase in technical labor and the 8% increase in customer service expenses. While we continue to evaluate our cost structure and to extract further efficiencies, we will also make these types of investments to support profitable growth and to enhance our products' superiority and improve the customer experience. Please refer to Slide 7 to review capital expenditures for the quarter.  In the first quarter of 2009 capital expenditures decreased 19% to $1.2 billion, representing 13.1% of revenue. The decline in CapEx was the result of improved efficiencies, lower activity levels, more favorable CPE pricing, and reduced construction spend. This result was achieved even as we invested in the growth of advanced video services, high-speed Internet and digital voice services as well as in our all-digital DOCSIS 3.0 and business service efforts.  Consistent with historical trends, capital expenditures continues to be predominantly growth oriented, with growth CapEx accounting for 76% of cable CapEx in the quarter. We remain very returns focused and are confident this growth investment will yield attractive return on incremental capital. Over the past three months we added 549,000 video, voice and data customers. We added or upgraded 288,000 digital customers and 452,000 advanced service customers who received 1.2 million digital set top boxes and adapters. Approximately half or 650,000 of these box deployments were advanced HD and/or DVR set tops. We now have 8.2 million HD and/or DVR customers and our advanced services penetration is over 47% of total digital video customers.  Also, we continued to purchase and deploy digital adapters in the first quarter to support our rollout of our all-digital initiative which began in the fourth quarter. As Brian mentioned, Steve will spend more time discussing this progress on all-digital in a few minutes. We also continued to purchase equipment for DOCSIS 3.0 or wideband and as Brian mentioned, we have already deployed the service to 35% of our footprint, with a goal of 65% by year end. We do expect our CapEx will modestly increase from these first quarter levels as we continue to aggressively invest to sustain our momentum in business services and expand our deployment of wideband and all-digital. Nevertheless, we continue to expect our full year CapEx will be both lower in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue when compared to 2008.  Please refer to Slide 8. As I mentioned, in the first quarter of 2009 solid operating cash flow growth of 8.5%, coupled with reduced capital expenditures, resulted in free cash flow growth of 95% to $1.4 billion. Our financial strategy remains focused on a disciplined and returns-oriented approach to allocating capital as well as on growing free cash flow and free cash flow per share. As we have previously indicated, we plan to utilize our internally generated free cash flow and pay down maturities this year. The economic environment clearly remains difficult and volatile and with modest debt reduction we are improving the risk profile of the company and increasing free cash flow and free cash flow per share, which we believe is also accretive to equity values.  As we continue to evaluate our capital allocation strategy, share repurchases remain an option for further consideration. We currently have $4.1 billion of availability under our stock repurchase program and although we did not repurchase any shares in the first quarter, we may repurchase our stock from time to time. Additionally, we remain very committed to our dividend. In January we paid a cash dividend totaling $180 million. We paid our second quarter dividend yesterday which totaled $195 million, reflecting our recent 8% dividend increase.  Now let me pass the call to Steve.
Steve Burke:  Thank you, Mike.  Rather than go through each line of business the way we typically do, I thought what we'd do this morning with the time I have is discuss our [break in audio], more VOD, faster Internet speeds, interactive advertising, and other improvements.  We recapture approximately 250 megahertz to 300 megahertz of spectrum by moving 40 to 50 channels from analog to digital - that's what we call the all-digital conversion. That's more bandwidth than we gain from upgrading our plan from 500 megahertz to 750 megahertz. More importantly, we estimate the total cost of about $1 billion is less than 10% of what a physical rebuild would cost us historically and we can complete it in a fraction of the time. This investment will be spread over 2009 and 2010 and is built into all of our budgets and projections, including our expectation for CapEx to be lower in absolute dollars as a percentage of revenue. Our digital conversion involved reclaiming 40 to 50 analog channels and leaving just the lifeline channels transmitting in the traditional analog format. To do this we need to connect digital devices to all TVs receiving expanded basic service.  About 14% of our customers take lifeline service. These customers will continue to receive their signals in analog and for them there is no change.  72% of our customers today have digital service. For these customers we only need to worry about TVs in rooms that don't currently have digital boxes. We estimate somewhere around 20 million digital devices will be necessary for these television sets in other rooms. Roughly 14% of our customers are analog expanded basic subscribers. To these people we would give one set top box and two adapters for free as we go through the transition. We estimate this will equate to roughly 10 million adapters and 2 to 3 million regular set top boxes for this segment.  We convert systems over a six to 12-month period zone-by-zone according to ad sales geography. First we spend some time getting digital penetration as high as possible. We then reclaim the channels in two ways. We've developed a very detailed process for doing this and began implementing it in markets earlier this year. To make this work financially we first had to create a low-cost digital adapter, which cost us about 25% of the price of a digital set top box, roughly $30.  After conversions are complete our customers get substantial benefits. Existing analog customers get digital picture quality, a dozen new channels, 40 to 50 music channels and an interactive guide at no additional cost. Advanced customers obviously get more high def, wideband, ethnic channels, etc.  We've begun digital migrations in cities like Portland, Seattle and the San Francisco Bay Area and are preparing many other markets, such as Atlanta, Philadelphia and Baltimore. At the end of the first quarter approximately 5% of our footprint has already completed the digital conversion.  Portland was our first major market and the one which is furthest along. Over half of the Portland market, which has roughly 600,000 subscribers, has converted and the entire digital conversion process will be done in about 60 days. To date the customer experience and reaction has been favorable. Our network and the digital adapters are working very well. Customer satisfaction remains good and we've been able to operationalize the conversion with many less headaches than we thought.  The key success factor so far has been the high rate of self-installation. Currently over three-quarters of our customers elect to self-install the digital adapter. We have a website and automated telephone-based response system that customers can use to order and activate their adapters. The results in Portland have been encouraging enough that we're looking at speeding up our rollout to over half our footprint by the end of this year.  So far the economics of digital conversions look very positive. We're seeing incremental call volume in our call centers, but costs are running below expectations due to less truck rolls than forecast thanks to a high rate of self-install. While returns will vary by market and it's early on in the process, based on results to date we believe that digital conversions have a 20% plus ROI in addition to the strategic value of recapturing bandwidth and the product enhancements I mentioned earlier.  On the revenue side, going all-digital has a number of benefits. First, it reduces theft because it's easier to steal analog signals than digital signals. Theft reduction will give us more video customers in total plus an increase in expanded basic customers who currently pay for the lifeline service but get a higher tier illegally.  We also get higher pay-per-view revenue from customers previously unable to order video on demand. We're seeing double-digit increases in pay-per-view versus markets that have not made the digital transition. Finally, we get a revenue lift from higher tiers of digital services taken by some people as they convert from analog to digital. People who see video on demand in an interactive guide often want more of our services and they are therefore easier to upgrade.  In addition to these revenue enhancements, there are also cost benefits once a system converts to all-digital. The need for technicians to visit customers' homes, i.e., truck rolls, is reduced, especially with routine actively. A lot of work can be done remotely from a centralized location. In some systems we've seen a 95% decline in certain types of activities. On a company wide basis this could lead to the elimination of millions of truck rolls per year. In summary, our digital conversions are a major initiative for the company. Virtually every person in every system in our company will be involved in the digital conversion process during the next 18 months or so and once we're done they will transform our company. We also think they'll help us financially because they have such a positive return on investment. We'll update you on the progress of our digital conversions in future calls, but right now we're optimistic we can continue to report solid financial results while completing the conversions. And once they are done, we'll emerge in great fighting shape.  Marlene, let's open it up for calls.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Steve.  Operator, let's open up the call for Q&A. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen - BAS-ML.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - BAS-ML: I was wondering - actually, two questions - if you could quantify the impact of over-the-air both on basic subs and any pull through on voice and data? And secondly, can we explore video on demand a little deeper? You guys did day-and-date with Twilight. Can you talk about those results? What is it that's not taking this to another level? Is it the guides? Is it just the number of channels or is it the window? 
Steve Burke:  Let me answer both of those, starting with the video on demand. We are chipping away at the whole notion of day-and-date. We have a lot of films right now that are concomitant with the DVD release. We also have a number of studios that have shortened the window between the DVD release and when the films are available for video on demand.  I agree with your underlying premise that we haven't taken it to the next level in that the consumer doesn't generally believe that when a video is on DVD it's also on video on demand, but I do think we're making progress toward that. And we've been at this for awhile and continue to chip away at it.  Regarding the broadcast transition, it's actually very difficult to precisely say how many subscribers we gain because if somebody calls up and says I want to take advantage of your $9.95 lifeline offer, they could be somebody who's converting from over-the-air to cable or they could be somebody who just wants to take advantage of that offer, and at the same time there's some people who go all the way to expanded basic. So it's hard to precisely say, but clearly we had an impact and expect an impact in the second quarter as well. If you look at the drag on effect, about between 40% and 45% of all the people that come in on that offer, the $9.95 offer, take another service or upgrade beyond that offer, so it clearly not only helps you with basic subs but helps you with high-speed data and phone.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse.
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: I got on the call a little bit late so I apologize if you've already addressed this but, Steve, could you just talk a little bit about the uptake of DOCSIS 3.0? I think you guys earned 35% of your footprint.  And then, Mike, you guys had really nice margin improvement in the first quarter. Could you just talk about the opportunity to increase margins for the balance of the year?
Steve Burke: Well, on DOCSIS 3.0, first of all, we are hard core on DOCSIS 3.0. We really believe in it. We want to have the majority of our company DOCSIS 3.0 capable by the end of this year, certainly over two-thirds of the footprint by the end of this year. We're about a third of the footprint right now.  From a technical point of view everything is going great. We're starting to offer the service to our customers in a bunch of different markets and one of the reasons why we think it's so important is for the vast majority of our footprint - maybe 75% to 80% of our footprint - the [R-Box] can't compete when we go up to 50 meg and beyond. And even in fiber [Felco] rollouts we can be fully competitive with DOCSIS 3.0. So we're very committed to it.  I don't think it's necessarily affecting our financials or our high-speed data subs right now, but we're rolling out and we're adding more markets and technically it's working and the cost curve we assumed we would be on we're right on, so it's all going well.
Michael Angelakis: Spencer, I'll take the margin question. I think we did a good job, obviously, in the first quarter with margins. There's some put and takes with regards to negative and positive attributes related to our margins. We really look at our margin as being relatively stable and we expect that through the rest of this year, that we'll have some put and takes but overall they'll net out and be pretty stable.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Two questions if I could. First, subscriber trends, Time Warner Cable said yesterday that second quarter trends have sort of returned to fourth quarter levels. I'm wondering if you're seeing the same thing. And then a question for Michael. I wonder if you could just elaborate a little bit more on your expectations around capital structure. You had a shelf registration earlier this week that presumably gives you some flexibility to refi this year's maturities if that's what you choose to do. Should we read into that the possibility that share repurchases might come sooner rather than later?
Steve Burke: On the subscriber trends, I would agree in sentiment with what Time Warner said. There's no question in March and April, from a basic subscriber point of view, our activity levels were lower than we wish they were. I think as we go through this - 
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Sorry to interrupt, but is that just normal seasonality because you would expect that in the second quarter anyway or is it something different? 
Steve Burke: I think what we're finding, well, second quarter and third quarter are traditionally slower quarters for cable companies than the first and the fourth, so you've got that. But I do think what's happened in March and April is the economy, from our perspective, it feels like you have months that are better than you think, months that are slightly worse than you think, and it's kind of rolling a little bit more than just a linear thing. And a lot of this has to do with housing starts and just the overall sentiment out there.  But I do think it's fair to say January, February and maybe the beginning of March we were feeling better, and then March and April have been slower. We're doing a bunch of things. And all of this is on the margin. The difference between a great month and a bad month in terms of basic subscribers can be one-tenth of one percent of our total base, so everything's very marginal in terms of its impact. But I do think March and April were tougher than January and February.
Michael Angelakis: Craig, we did file a shelf. Our previous one had expired, so this shelf is really just a renewal of that. I wouldn't read anything into it. It's typical housekeeping for us. With regards to capital structure, I think we've been consistent that we have some maturities this year, actually over the next 90 days. We'll meet those maturities with our internally generated cash flow. But as I mentioned in our remarks, we're always evaluating our capital allocation strategy and that does include buybacks.  I do want to [inaudible] a bit is I think the economy is still very tough. Obviously there's some optimism out there, but if you look at vacancy rates and foreclosures and unemployment and even what's happening in moves, there's some troubling statistics, so I think we're still being a bit conservative. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs: So two questions. First, what's your strategy in terms of addressing online video viewership? Is there certain programming that keeps people on your video service, like maybe sports and local? And then the second quarter, Steve, you just spent some time talking about your all-digital initiative. Why have you chosen to go all-digital rather than use switch digital video?
Brian Roberts: Let me begin and Steven can add to it. I think we really believe that we want to be in a position with the consumer to find a way to offer whatever platform the consumer wants to consume content on, to find a way, consistent with maintaining the business success for both the content providers and ourselves and other distributors, and at the same time is as consumer friendly as possible so that as this technology continues to ripen we're in the right place.  And I think we're excited about certain steps that appear to be something that we're going to be able to take here and we'll have more as this develops later in the year, which is to be able to say certain content is now available on your PC and we'll evolve that to other platforms as we grow on demand online.  At the recent cable convention there were several content companies also trying to talk through how to do this. There's questions around how to see if there's some standards that can be set on how to make sure digital rights management and security work, etc. And I've said previously that we believe the trend is not causing people, other than maybe very rare examples in certain young demos who may not have subscribed, to say I can live without my cable subscription or my satellite subscription because I can get all the content online, and yet there's many people enjoying online content and that's powering broadband.  And one of the things Steve said earlier was that DOCSIS 3.0, part of our strategy is to continually reinforce the message that the absolute best place to get broadband and the highest value for that broadband product, whichever one of our products you take, is to buy Comcast high-speed Internet. And I think that, generally speaking, is a very good place for us to be.  So hopefully that answers that part. Steve?
Steve Burke: So on the all-digital, there are a variety of ways to get more bandwidth. You can rebuild and go to a gig, you can introduce switch digital, or you can do all-digital conversions. And when we looked at all the different ways to get more bandwidth, we felt if you say I want it quickly, I want to spend as little as possible, I want to have the minimal intrusion on the customer experience, when you analyze all those variables and you can get a digital adapter for around $30 - that was a really key thing that we did - for us it all points to going all-digital. And really behind all the desire to get moving quickly and get the entire company done was really to get to 100 high def channels as soon as possible and offer wideband. And when you put that all together, really the cost of the activity and the reliability and the ability to get it done quickly, for us it pointed to all-digital. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Vijay Jayant - Barclays Capital.
Vijay Jayant - Barclays Capital: I've got a couple. First, you saw Cablevision announced 100 megabyte service for about $100 and I think you have a 50 megabyte service for $140. I just want to understand the philosophy on DOCSIS 3.0 pricing. Is there a certain speed level after which it just becomes a premium service and you can charge some incremental dollar or is it truly variable to speed? Secondly, on Programming costs per sub it looked like about 12% subscriber per month. I put [inaudible]. Can you talk about is the video business ever going to have incremental improvements in margins given that dynamic or is this just a short-term phenomenon that changes over the next year or so?
Steve Burke: Well, on the pricing question, this is a brand-new product. We're going to trial different things, other providers will trial different things, and we'll see what resonates with the consumer.  Today's applications, you know, this is chicken and egg. And I think it's great that others are rolling out this platform now and I think you're going to begin to see innovation around what to do with 50 or 100 meg, so that's one we're going to have to talk about down the road as to exactly what's the right pricing model.  But clearly one of the things that we're able to do with DOCSIS 3.0 that isn't quite as headline grabbing but may be much more impactful is to increase the speed to all of the existing customers using this platform in a very dramatic way that will clearly differentiate us in many of our markets where they don't have to subscribe to a premium tier. And if you go back to what I said in the previous answer, if the goal is to make sure that we are the fasted Internet at whatever package you take, we're the best value. But it's the premier product in the market. That is the positioning that I hope that we're able to achieve using the DOCSIS 3.0 platform.  Mike?
Michael Angelakis: Vijay, on the Programming side, total we experienced over 9% increase in Programming for the quarter. Obviously that's not a heartwarming number and I think that we are working really hard to bring that number down.  In addition, we are growing revenues on the video side; we're having certainly more digital penetration and so forth. So I think that the number we're looking at this quarter is abnormally high. We don't think that's a normalized number in terms of 9.6%. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Hodulik - UBS.
John Hodulik - UBS: First, for Michael, can you update us on the company's target leverage ratios, especially given the improvements we've seen in the credit markets and the upcoming maturities the company has? And then, Steve, in the past you've talked about the changes that you're seeing in telco competition. Could you just give us an update maybe on what you've seen over the last several months? It seems as if the telcos aren't building out as fast as they may have been in the past and just what you guys are seeing in the market there.
Michael Angelakis: John, on the target leverage ratios I would just say I don't think anything is set in stone with regards to target leverage ratios. I think there's a lot of external factors that really can impact one's view on what leverage ratios should be. We ended the year about 2.5 times; we're this quarter roughly 2.4 times. As we execute our plan this year, that number will come down somewhat. And I think we're going to evaluate how the macroeconomic world looks, but I don't think there is anything that is really set in stone particularly with regards to ratio. Previously we had talked about 2.5 a bit. I think given where the economy has been and so forth, that number's coming down slightly.
Steve Burke: In terms of telco competition, we probably hear all the same rumors that you do, but we're operating under the assumption that they're going to keep building and they're going to continue to be very aggressive competitors as they have been in the past. And to the degree we get positive news in the future, that's great, but I think if you're sitting where we're sitting you have to assume they continue to do what they say they're going to do.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jason Bazinet - Citigroup.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup: If you look at the JDPower customer satisfaction scores over long periods of time there's sort of these perennial winners like Cox, but what's been intriguing, I guess, there've been a few companies that have sort of lagged like Insight and Cablevision that have suddenly leapt off the page and really improved customer satisfaction.  I guess my question for Brian is Comcast seems to sort of bounce sort of relatively stable and it seems like there's pretty strong evidence that if you get that metric up you can have much better basic sub growth. Is this a major priority for the firm going forward as competition ramps or is it something you've focused on and just not been able to really move the needle given just the breadth of the operation?
Brian Roberts: Well, we're not totally convinced with the premise of the question. That said, we are convinced that we want customer satisfaction to improve and the customer experience to improve, whether it's in that particular survey or in our own analysis. And I think that begins with starting with real substance of network reliability and improved customer care, and I think we have made it a huge focus of the company. I've said so in the past and I think we feel that we've made some progress, and we'll keep reporting to you on that progress.  There's a lot that goes into some of the results of those surveys; individual companies have their own ways of doing them. But we have a very broad look at customer satisfaction at Comcast. We've put a lot of focus in, all of our management. In fact, Steve and Dave Watson and others, my father and myself, we've been to see probably 80% of the supervisors and leaders of the company in the last 90 days on that very subject. So it is a huge focus in the company.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities: So Cox indicated recently that it was targeting $1 billion of commercial revenue in 2010. You've got about five times their footprint size, so that implies an opportunity of about $5 billion for commercial revenue. I know your stated target, Steve, is $2.5 billion in a few years and Cox had quite a head start on you, but is that $5 billion opportunity a silly number or is that a fair longer-term target and what do you need to do on the execution side to ramp growth enough to get to that kind of level?
Steve Burke: Well, it's hard to tell. What I will say is we're currently growing 45% revenue growth or 50% revenue growth if you look at our performance right now and you keep growing at that rate, that $500 million is going to go up real fast. And whether it ends up going to $2.5, $3.5, $4.5, $5.5 billion, I don't know, but I do think there's a huge business there and we just want to keep growing at the kind of ramps we're at right now. I would challenge our team to have the same kind of penetration that Cox or anybody else has, and I don't really see a reason why we can't. You do have to adjust. Everybody's got different geography. We may have less small businesses or more small businesses pro rata in our footprint than Cox or someone else, but net of those adjustments there's no reason why we can't exceed the $2.5 billion. And whether it ends up being $3.5, $4.5, $5.5 billion, I think it's too early to say.
Douglas Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Securities: Well, if you look at your team right now on the commercial side, are you gathering as much share as you can possibly take or are you still ramping the size of those operations?
Steve Burke: I think we're moving pretty nicely right now. I was a little frustrated 18 months ago and said that on one of these calls. I've spent a lot of time with Bill Stemper and his team. We have a monthly review of all their metrics. And they are fully staffed. We have a great sales force, we have a great strategy, the installations are getting done. And anytime a $500 million business grows 45% a year, I think you're doing a lot of things right and I think they are. If we can keep that ramp rate going, I think we're doing a good job. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Brian, I wanted to ask you about what's coming out of Washington these days now that we've left the Kevin Martin FCC behind and some new goals have been set out specifically around broadband stimulus, net neutrality, the litigation on the ownership caps and what we've heard from a lot of people on consumption-based billing. If you could just comment broadly on how you view the administration, the FCC in terms of your priorities, that would be very helpful. And then I just had a quick question for Steve on whole home DVR. Is that a product you guys are focused on rolling out? At least anecdotally it sounds like people who have that from some of the telcos are pretty happy with the service. Is that something that Comcast will roll out this year?
Brian Roberts: I'm not quite sure how to - there's a lot in the Washington question. I just think that we feel we've turned a corner into a new era and I'm going to refrain from commenting on [inaudible] except to say that it's a new day. And it'll have its issues, but I think as long as the industry is able to articulate its case and have a fair debate, you know, for many, many years policies when these new days begin, the industry seems to have had a very fair outcome.  And so there are issues around the industry but right now I think there are much bigger issues being debated in Washington on the policy of the economy, the auto industry and health care. Our industry, I think, is able to look at things like broadband stimulus and try to point, even though we're not really directly there saying that's something we're focused on, receiving dollars, but that it should try to go to unserved areas.  I mean, there are points of views on each of the subjects you talked about. We're not at the moment - we do have a 250 gig byte cap, but we're not actively trialing something different right now. We, however, do believe in the long run these are areas that should be - as the technology evolves, you're going to have to have conversations about what are ways to evolve the way you manage your network.  So, you know, we'll have lots of opportunity to get specific, but right now we're pretty pleased to try to stay focused on our execution. There's nothing right this minute that's imminent it doesn't seem to me. 
Steve Burke: So it's interesting. I was thinking we don't really talk about product enhancements frequently on these calls and we're rolling out a lot of product enhancements as we speak - caller ID to the television set, changes in our guide, so on and so forth. We do want to do whole home DVR; it is on our road map and within the next nine to 12 months you'll see it. But that's just one of a number of things that we're pretty consistently rolling out right now to improve our video service.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia.
Marci Ryvicker - Wachovia: First, what percent of your footprint is currently [pathed] by fiber today and how does this compare, I guess, to the last couple of quarters? And then secondly, is churn higher in the markets where you're doing the all-digital conversion, at least during the conversion period?
Michael Angelakis: Right now we are at about 24% over built by AT&T and Verizon, split roughly half and half with that.  So, interesting on the churn question, we're not seeing any real differential per your question overall. As I mentioned, churn is down on every service category. But in those particular markets we are not seeing any major differential.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you all. Operator, we can now close the call. We thank you all for joining us this morning.
Operator:  There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 11:30 am Eastern Standard Time. It will run through Friday, May 5th at midnight Central Time. The dial-in number is 800-642-1687 and the conference ID number is 91519607. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 pm today.  This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Dooner  Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Brian Roberts  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Steve Burke  Chief Operating Officer Michael Angelakis - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein Jessica Reif-Cohen  Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse John Hodulik - UBS Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Vijay Jayant - Barclays Capital Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Jason Bazinet  Citi Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to Comcast's Fourth Quarter Full Year 2008 Earnings Conference Call. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marlene Dooner.
Marlene Dooner: Welcome everyone, to our fourth quarter and year end 2008 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Brian Roberts, Steve Burke, and Michael Angelakis.  As always, let me first refer you to slide two, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call includes forward looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our 8-K for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. Let me also highlight some changes in format both in our press release as well as in todays call. First, we have simplified the format for the earnings release; in addition, were also providing new trending schedules for the last eight quarters that include all the customer and capital expenditure information previously found in exhibits to our earnings release. The new trending schedules also provide new disclosure in expenses including programming, direct costs for high speed internet and CDB and also detailed certain shared cable expenses such as marketing, technical labor and customer service. We hope these are helpful changes and I encourage you to give feedback to me or to other members of the IR team after the call. With that let me now turn the call to Brian Roberts for his comments.
Brian Roberts: Today were pleased to report that we have met or exceeded all of our financial targets for 2008, and that, despite obviously a very difficult economic environment, maybe the toughest we have known in business.  In 2008 consolidated revenue grew 8% and cash flow grew by 8.5%. Total capital spending of $5.7 billion represented less than 17% of revenue reflecting slower growth in the rate of new customer additions but also, and primarily, a real discipline and focus on our free cash flow generation. As a result, weve generated $3.7 billion in free cash flow for a growth rate of 56% in 2008 and this strong level of free cash flow growth does not incorporate any of the tax benefits associated with the 2008 economic stimulus package.  If wed included those benefits our free cash flow growth rate would have been 82%. Thats the power of our business. Were producing significant free cash flow and as we look to 2009 we see that trend continuing. From an operating standpoint the combination of a weakening economy and increasing competition from early and video translated into slower growth in net new customer additions as well as a tougher advertising environment particularly in the fourth quarter. However, for the year, we still added four million RGUs at the same time new growth areas like Business Services saw increasing momentum this year and we expect higher penetration in digital, high speed internet and digital voice and the strong momentum in business services to continue into 2009. Our results reflect an effective execution by our operating team. They really anticipated the slowdown, I believe, quit well and adjusted early to this rapidly changing environment and fine tuned our strategy both to deliver results and to get us ready with new innovative products. First, were intensely focused on operating expenses. In 2008 we reduced headcount and other costs even while we invested in marketing and customer service initiatives and the startup business like Comcast Business Services. Mike will detail more about some of the cost initiatives the company had in 2008. Second, we made successful changes to our product offerings and our operating strategy, expanding offers to consumers that included economy product for the first time. Were also offering new HD Triple Play packages including higher speed internet and more HD on demand that set us apart from our competitors. This broad range of products addresses what customers want most, on the one hand high def and the fastest speeds on the internet. On the other hand, lots of choice but a very compelling value. We think we can do all of that. Last year I highlighted as one of our key priorities in the beginning of the year to improve the customer experience. We defined that customer experience as end to end great products delivered reliably and serviced well. I think we made real progress in 2008. Weve invested in training and tech tools and improved our networks reliability. Network reliability for instance is measured by note health is now above 90% and its improved 35% in the last two years as a for instance. As a result, contact rates by our customers to us decreased 4.4% in 2008. Trouble call rates are down across the board 6.4% and repeat trouble calls which are a critical metric are also lower by 6.5%. Our customer satisfaction is improving. We have a lot of work to do but this focus and commitment to this task is still important and with many technical projects underway and some of them behind us and new service initiatives continuing in 09, Im confident that were going to continue to make progress on the entire customer experience. We also have always believed that product differentiation and innovation are central to this customer experience and to our competitive positioning and advantage that we have against the Bells and against Satellite and against all of our various competitors. Weve started to deploy our all digital initiative in a number of markets. Weve already deployed Wideband to some 30% of our footprint. Were offering new features and now available to up to 10 million of our customer homes like Caller ID to the television set. Weve upgraded more than 90% of our high speed internet customer to Smartzone and were offering any room on demand to 95% of the homes we pass. As we expand this all digital initiative DOCSIS 3.0 and other bandwidth reclamation by 2009 and into 2010 we will recapture much of our analog bandwidth. At that point were then able to offer customers even more innovation with high def channels, more on demand with project infinity, more foreign language programming and even faster internet speeds as products continue to evolve that our customers want. At the same time were maintaining our financial discipline. One of the things that I think separates Comcast from many is that we dont have to access the capital markets to maintain where were at. During the fourth quarter we used our free cash flow to pay down existing debt, we believe this is a very appropriate use of capital in these uncertain economic and capital market moments. Were pleased that Moodys is considering upgrading our credit ratings citing among other metrics, our financial flexibility and strong free cash flow generation. Today we are announcing that our annual dividend will be increasing by 8% to $0.27 per share, underlying our continued confidence in the free cash flow generation capacity of our business and our objective to continue to return capital to shareholders as the business grows. This allows us to begin in a strong place the conversation of where are we headed in 2009. As we begin 2009 our goal is to continue to have profitable growth. The diversity of our revenue streams and the subscription nature of our products are truly the key foundations for what makes Comcast, Comcast. Many companies out there would like to have the kind of subscription nature and the diversified revenue streams that we today enjoy. We expect capital expenditures to decline in 2009 both in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenue even as we take the opportunity to make the investments that I described in the All-Digital and DOCSIS 3.0 transitions. We believe these investments put us in a strong position for when the economy recovers and supports the long term growth and competitive positioning of the company. We all agree with this at Comcast management that the strategy is real simple.  Were a company that is going to deliver you the best products and with constant innovation. These best products in video would be on demand, the most high definition so that theres no question if a consumer wants the best theyre going to buy from Comcast. We want to have the fastest high speed internet and thats what were now working on. We want to have the best value and cross platform features with our All-Digital voice products. We think we have a great roadmap in 2009 and beyond the next 12 to 24 months starting now in many of our markets as we roll out these enhanced products. Its hard not to sit back at this moment in time and see uncertainty in the economy and nervousness and gridlock with consumers and whats happening in the country. I cant think of a better place that Id want to work then where Comcast is right now. We have strong financial position, weve made adjustments to anticipate the slower growth, were proactively managing our expenses and I think our free cash flow is going to continue to help us grow and build shareholder value for years to come.
Mike Angelakis: Let me begin by briefly reviewing our consolidated results starting on slide five. As Marlene mentioned there is more detail in our 8-K and on our website. Overall, the company met its financial objectives and performed well in an extraordinarily difficult environment. For the full year consolidated revenue increased 11% to $34.3 billion and operating cash flow grew 11% to $13.1 billion. On a pro forma basis for 2008 which is reflected on slide five consolidated revenue increased 8% and our operating cash flow growth was 8.5%. Our pro forma operating cash flow included the incurrence of $165 million of severance and hurricane related charges which Ill detail later. As I mentioned before, in addition to revenue and operating cash flow results we are very focused on free cash flow, free cash flow per share and adjusted earnings per share as important metrics in evaluating the strength of our consolidated businesses.  In each of those key metrics our performance in 2008 was very strong. We generated consolidated free cash flow of $3.7 billion an increase of 56% versus 2007 reflecting growth in consolidated operating cash flow as well as reduced CapEx. To be clear, we are trying to provide a consistent comparison with prior years and the $3.7 billion of free cash flow specifically excludes the $600 million benefit the company received with regards to the 2008 economic stimulus package. In addition, free cash flow per share increased 65% to $1.24 per share and we reported adjusted EPS of $0.91 per share up 23% from 2007. Our adjusted EPS reflects a number of items, the largest of which excludes a $600 million impairment of the Clearwire investment. Broadly speaking, our results for both the full year and the fourth quarter represent solid performance but also reflect the impact of a deteriorating economy, intensifying competition in our video business and the following trends. We have experienced slower growth in residential cable services due to the severe economic and competitive factors but we are operating in a relatively stable pricing environment. The advertising environment is very challenging and is negatively impacting our local cable advertising business. We also began to experience softness in advertising in our national programming networks at the end of the fourth quarter. At the same time, we are growing and experiencing accelerating momentum in Comcast Business Services. We have a cautious approach in 2009 and expect each of these trends to continue during the year. Lets review our fourth quarter cable division results in more detail, please refer to slide six. In the fourth quarter 2008 pro forma cable revenue increased 7% to $8.3 billion. This revenue growth was relatively stable despite lower than expected customer additions and weak advertising sales. We have provided RG results for ease of comparison but as slide six articulates we are focused on the number of video, high speed internet and digital voice customers not specifically RGUs which as you know also includes digital video customers. As we accelerate our roll out of All-Digital the use RGUs will become a less meaningful metric of customer growth. Total video, high speed internet and digital voice customer net additions slowed to 290,000 in the fourth quarter, a slowdown from prior quarters reflecting the impact of a weakening economy across all of our services and increasing competition in video. The weak economy is impacting the consumer particularly on housing growth, vacancies and moves, providing us with fewer opportunities to sell new services. As we focus on profitable growth one of the most important metrics is our ability to drive growth in our average revenue per customer not just units. Despite the slowdown in unit growth total revenue per customer remained healthy increasing 9% to $114 reflecting the following components. Video revenue increased 3% for the quarter as a result of growth in digital, advanced services, rate increases and offset by a decline in basic customers, continued promotional activity and the effect of a larger portion of our customer base electing multiple product plans. High speed internet revenue increased 9% in the quarter reflecting continued customer growth and relatively stable average revenue per customer. Our HSI service is now a $7.2 billion business which grew 10% during 2008 and represents 22% of total cable revenue. Digital voice revenue increased 38% for the fourth quarter reflecting continued growth in our customer base. The digital voice business generated $2.6 billion in 2008 up 48% for the year. Revenue for Business Services increased 47% in the quarter to $162 million demonstrating increasing momentum. For the year, Business Services grew 41% to $558 million and is now at an annual run rate of $650 million. At the end of the fourth quarter 23% of our customers took all three services compared to 16% in the fourth quarter 2007. Steve will spend more time discussing each of our services later in the call. Our cable advertising business which generated $1.5 billion or 5% of total revenue deteriorated further in the fourth quarter reflecting the economys impact on key add categories.  In the fourth quarter cable advertising revenue decreased 5%. Excluding the benefit of political advertising in the quarter core advertising revenue declined 20% compared to the fourth quarter 2007. In 2009 we expect advertising sales will continue to be pressured and do not anticipate a recovery.  Overall, we remain focused on profitable and sustainable growth. While we expect continued video customer losses we believe well see penetration gains albeit at a slower rate of growth in our digital, high speed internet, digital voice and Business Services in 2009. Please refer to slide seven to review our cable divisions operating cash flow results. In the fourth quarter pro forma operating cash flow for our cable business increased 7% to $3.4 billion which was in line with top line growth and contributed to a stable operating cash flow margin of 41.2%. As in the third quarter our results were again impacted by two major hurricanes and by severance expenses related to recent staffing reductions and a divisional restructuring. The hurricanes impacted operating cash flow by $19 million in the fourth quarter for a total of $39 million for the full year. In addition, we incurred an additional $63 million in severance charges in the fourth quarter for a total of $126 million for the full year. In the third and in the fourth quarters we completed a reorganization of our divisions and made reductions in non-customer facing personnel. That lowered our cable headcount by nearly 3,300 people.  We have absorbed these expenses in our operating cash flow. Both the hurricane and severance charges totaling $82 million in the fourth quarter and $165 million for the full year were added back, our cable groups operating cash flow growth would have been 9% for the fourth quarter and for the full year 2008.  For some time we have been proactively focused on overall expense management including bad debt, credit screening and further expense reductions. In 2008 we also realized operating efficiencies and our high speed internet and digital voice businesses. As both of these businesses continued to scale our network and direct costs for high speed internet declined 20% per customer and digital voice costs decreased 33% per customer. These overall costs are now identified in our trending schedules. Efficiencies in these two set increases in programming expenses in marketing and in our business services operation. For all of 2008 programming expenses increased 8% primarily reflecting higher digital programming costs as we increased our digital customer base and experienced higher sports programming costs. We remain very focused on managing our expenses and continuing to evaluate our cost structure. As we look into 2009 we expect to continue to benefit from efficiencies in high speed internet, digital voice and Business Services while at the same time we expect programming expenses to increase and marketing to remain stable. In addition, as Brian mentioned, we are accelerating key strategic initiatives like DOCSIS 3.0, All-Digital and the digital transition in 2009 where we will absorb some additional operating expenses. Please refer to slide eight to review our CapEx. In 2008 capital expenditures decreased 8% to $5.7 billion representing 16.8% of revenue. The decline in CapEx was the result of increased efficiencies, lower activity levels and lower construction spend even as we supported growth in advanced video services, high speed internet, digital voice penetrations and more than doubled our capital investment in business services to $231 million. Consistent with historical trends capital expenditures continues to be predominantly growth oriented with growth CapEx accounting for 71% of cable CapEx for the year. In the past 12 months we added 2.6 million video, voice and data customers. We added or upgraded nearly 1.5 million digital customers who received 2.6 million digital set top boxes. Eighty three percent of 2.2 million of these box deployments were advance set tops. In 2008 we spent $1 billion or 18% of our total cable CapEx on advance set top boxes. As we analyze the incremental returns we generate from the deployment of these boxes we believe our returns are even better than the 35% to 40% we projected in 2007 primarily due to reduced box costs, higher revenue per customer and lower churn. Also, we accelerated our investment in DOCSIS 3.0 and digital converters in the fourth quarter to support our roll out of the All-Digital initiative which began in the fourth quarter. As we make investments in CPE to support our growth in new services for both our residential and commercial businesses we have continued to analyze our returns on that allocated capital. It is clear we are generating attractive incremental returns on these investments that substantially exceed our weighted average cost of capital. Overall in 2009 we anticipate our capital investment program to be lower both in actual dollars and as a percentage of our revenue. We expect lower unit activity, improved CPE pricing and further capital efficiencies which we believe will result in a decline in our capital intensity. This overall reduction will occur even as we invest aggressively to sustain our momentum in Business Services and expand our deployment of DOCSIS 3.0 and All-Digital. In 2009 we estimate we will invest approximately $400 to $500 million of capital in our DOCSIS 3.0 and All-Digital projects. Now lets please refer to slide nine. As I mentioned earlier our financial strategy remains focused on growing free cash flow and free cash flow per share as well as on a disciplined and returns oriented approach to allocating capital. In 2008 solid operating cash flow growth of 8.5% coupled with lower CapEx resulted in free cash flow growth of 56% to $3.7 billion and free cash flow per share of $1.24 an increase of 65% compared to 2007. Over the past year we have converted 28% of our operating cash flow into free cash flow compared to a conversion rate of 20% for the full year 2007. In 2009 as our capital intensity is expected to decline further we expect to further grow our free cash flow. Please turn to slide 10 to discuss our current priorities around capital allocation. Our over arching and first priority remains to profitably invest in the operating and strategic needs of our business. We will continue to deploy capital in our businesses as it provides very attractive incremental returns, enhances our competitive position and delivers sustainable organic growth. We are also investing in areas that take advantage of our scale and allow us to extend our leadership and build new businesses like Business Services and SEM. As we evaluate internal or external investments our focus is on creating value by delivering financial returns that are risk adjusted and well above our cost of capital. Our internal and external investment thresholds have clearly increased in this volatile economic environment. When it comes to considering acquisitions we will continue to be extremely disciplined and execution oriented, focusing on opportunities that extend our services or add features and allow us to build new complementary revenue streams. As you know, we believe our balance sheet is a meaningful asset to our shareholders and in this environment our priority to maintain and strengthen our balance sheet has only been reinforced.  We have a solid investment grade rating and have ample liquidity to internally fund all of our requirements. During this uncertain environment we are now very focused on maintaining this strength and flexibility. We also have a continuing commitment to return capital to shareholders. In 2008 we purchased 141 million shares or $2.8 billion of or stock and introduced a dividend for a total return of capital of over $3.3 billion. We did not purchase any stock in the fourth quarter and as previously disclosed due to difficult economic conditions and the instability of the capital markets it is unlikely that we will complete our share buyback by the end of 2009. Our focus on returning capital to shareholders is now shifting in 2009 to our dividend which, as Brian mentioned, we are increasing by 8% to $0.27 per share per year. Given we just initiated our dividend 12 months ago we believe this increase is a meaningful vote of confidence in our business. As we go along we will continue to evaluate the weight and order of these priorities and make appropriate adjustments. Now let me pass the call to Steve.
Steve Burke: This earnings season everybody seems to be talking about the economy for obvious reasons. Instead of talking about the economy, what Id like to do is be a bit more specific and talk about our marketplace. Our marketplace is affected by the economy and also by the ebb and flow of competition. In talking about our marketplace Id like to highlight what were seeing, what were not seeing and also importantly what were doing about it. In terms of what were seeing, first of all theres more competition from the telephone companies, 10% of our footprint a year ago was over built, and today that number is more like 22%. Secondly, were seeing more price sensitivity particularly since the month of October. Third, its simply harder to make the phone ring with marketing and sales, customers appear to be defensive, theyre less likely to go out and subscribe or call up for upgrades or new services. Hence our connects, the people coming into our business our connects are lower then we had planned. Finally, were seeing a very difficult ad sales environment that is currently showing no signs of improvement. Those are some of the things were seeing. In terms of the things were not seeing, were not seeing increased disconnects. Were actually seeing less disconnects then planned and sure as were right on par with prior years. Were also seeing that we are not in fact realizing larger numbers of downgrades. Third, were also not seeing a material increase in bad debt which is really remarkable given everything thats going on in the world. Finally, were not seeing large numbers of people dropping their television service due to either financial hardship or the fact that they can get video increasingly on the internet. The next question is given what were seeing and not seeing in the marketplace what are we doing about it. First of all were fine tuning our marketing and sales. Were introducing new single product promotions; were revising our offers with a greater focus on high def as many, many people are switching from standard def to high def television. Were increasing direct sales efforts in trying to get more targeting. Were using economy tiers to attract and retain price conscious customers. Secondly, were watching bad debt and retention very carefully, thats obviously critically important in this kind of environment. Third, were improving customer service and reliability. As Brian mentioned, service calls are down versus last year. Theres obviously still much work to be done but were clearly headed in the right direction. Were carefully monitoring and managing our operating expenses. As Mike mentioned, weve reduced headcount by roughly 3,300 people in 2008 with the impact of the severance $126 million in 2008 fiscal year results. Weve consolidated five to four operating divisions 29 to 21 regions and all of these efforts have really reduced our go forward cost structure which is important given the decline in our increase in net ads and activity levels. Finally, were seeing a very significant and have seen a very significant drop in our phone and data cost structure which is very important as these businesses continue to scale. Were carefully monitoring and controlling our capital costs. In 2008 capital spending was down in nearly every category with a fourth quarter spike as we prepare for All-Digital and DOCSIS 3.0. We have 10% to 20% declines in many types of consumer premise equipment and high def boxes are down 20% to 30% on a unit basis. Finally, with all of the above were continuing to invest in our growth businesses and product enhancements. Business Services is a real success story with very high returns and were giving that group the capital they need to continue to expand quickly. High def and DVR services continue to grow and were not sparing capital for people who want to purchase those services from us as they have very high returns. Were moving rapidly with All-Digital that roll out is not constrained by capital, thats constrained by just the human side of making that happen and DOCSIS 3.0 were rolling out quite quickly we have about 30% of the company with DOCSIS 3.0 that number should double by the end of the year. These are all important investments and were going to continue to fund them because theyre key to our growth in the future. Now moving to our specific product areas first let me start with Video. As Mike mentioned, basic subscribers fell during the fourth quarter with a loss of 233,000 customers. We did have some one time negatives during the quarter and of mid February things look like were going to fare much better in the first quarter then we did the last quarter of 2008. Digital was a better story with 247,000 net adds and penetration now at 70% which is really phenomenal considering this is the business that over the last 10 years has continued to grow to that high of level. Forty five percent of our digital customers in 2008 were advanced service customers with either high def box or high def DVR. Our new Triple Play offer really concentrates on high def and that looks like its a success although its still early. Our key video initiative for 2009 is All-Digital and were off to a very good start in Portland and beginning to launch major markets such as Seattle, San Francisco and Philadelphia as we speak. The idea behind going All-Digital is to take 50 to 60 analog channels and move them from analog to digital which frees up a lot of capacity for high def, ethnic services, DOCSIS 3.0 and anything else that we need the capacity for. At this date, weve purchased millions of digital converters and started migrating hundreds of thousands of customers. The early results in Portland are very favorable and this is a key project for us and we think its very good news that this project is going well. Moving on to high speed data, were currently the largest residential high speed data provider in the country with 14.9 million total customers. During 2008 we added 1.3 million high speed data subscribers more than any other company in the country. Our long term strategy has been profitable growth meaning growth in units and table ARPU not market share at any price. We definitely did see more telephone company related competition in our high speed data business in the fourth quarter. After a challenging second and third quarter we believe the R-Box priced more competitively more dramatically lower to win some share in the short term. We think that our high speed data service still provides the best value to the customer and remain confident that well continue to grow our share over time.  We continue to capture market share from DSL, 66% of our high speed data gross adds came from DSL in 2008 versus 44% two years ago. Wideband or DOCSIS 3.0 will add to our competitive speed advantage. Weve launched this faster product now in about 30% of our footprint and will be launching it to over 65% by the end of 2009. Speed really matters in this business, particularly when you see more video on the internet, YouTube and other applications that get better with more speed. Our goal is to get our entire footprint or the vast majority of it up to 12 megabits and to offer 50 to 100 Meg in as many places as possible. Weve already launched extreme 50 Meg service in 10 major markets passing 10 million homes and that number will increase as we go through the year. In this environment weve also introduced economy products and packages. For example, you can get our internet product at one Meg now for as low as $24.99. Were maintaining a very favorable mix, however, with the number of high end high speed data customers getting more then our standard service outnumbering economy high speed data subscribers that get that one Meg service by three to one. In 2009 we expect to add fewer high speed data customers then in 2008 but were still looking for substantial growth in this business. Moving on to phone, as of year end we have 6.5 million phone customers and we added two million customers in 2008. During the back half of 2008 we saw a slowdown in our telephone net adds. The business still grew it simply grew a little less quickly. Some of this was the housing market and less moves in and out of our footprint which means less overall connect activity and thus the ability to sell in CDV (Comcast Digital Voice). Selling remains strong at close to 40% of all the people subscribing to a Comcast service also taking our phone product. Overall, our penetration is almost 14% and we have a number of markets with penetrations above 20%. We think we still have a very long runway of growth. Eighty seven percent of our phone customers take all three of our products so this product is important in terms of bundling and our overall delivery of multiple products over the same platform. As with high speed data weve also begun to offer an economy phone option and here too our mix continues favorable. To date, since we launched phone a few years ago our product has really been a way to deliver value to the customer and we have competed largely if not primarily on the basis of price. Now were also beginning to roll out new converged services and features to compete on that basis as well. We have universal Caller ID available to 10 million homes in our footprint. Weve launched Smartzone which is a communications center for the customer that allows you to access your email, your voicemail and your address book all in the same place. Were launching an enhanced cordless phone and other packages during 2009. All of these products are being launched with the idea that in addition to great value we can differentiate our wireline phone product over time. Moving on to Business Services in 2008 as Mike mentioned we had substantial growth. In 2009 will be another big year. In 2008 our revenue increased 41% to $558 million and were expecting similar to even better growth performance going forward. Business Services offers terrific capabilities at a terrific value; more for less. One of the cornerstones of our growth for Business Services is multi-line phone. This service has only been fully deployed since July and we have seen a significant pick up in our voice business as a result.  Forty five percent of our total 2008 Business Services voice revenue was realized in the fourth quarter alone. Our goal is to build a highly profitable, multi-billion dollar revenue business that captures about 20% of the $12 to $15 billion worth of revenue that small and medium sized businesses represent in our footprint. This is a very big market and we now have good momentum. As such, we expect Business Services to be a major contributor to our cable growth in 2009 and beyond. Before concluding I want to update everyone on our plans for the digital broadcast transition and the work we will continue to do throughout the second and third quarters of 2009. This is a very significant undertaking for the company and for the country. We partner with the NAD, the NCTA and other MSOs to help customers through what is now a very extended process. We have a 1-800 number established with thousands of live agents available to handle our customers questions. The delay of the transition will cost us a modest amount of money due to increased staffing but it will also allow us to more time to attract new customers. So far were clearly seeing the effect of the digital transition in our subscriber numbers and we obviously expect to see these numbers grow as we approach and pass the new June transition date. To wrap up, as we enter 2009 we have plenty of work to do to be as competitive as possible in this challenging marketplace. Some quarters financial metrics or units will be slightly better than others but achieving the right balance between growth and cash flow over the long term is really our goal. In general, were very pleased with the strength of our business, our ability to continue to grow revenue, maintain strong margins and increase cash flow.
Marlene Dooner: Lets open up the call for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: You mentioned there were no share repurchases in the fourth quarter. Im wondering if you could just give us a little guidance, I know youve suspended the date certain to complete the authorization but do you expect to be making any share repurchases at all and how will you evaluate that opportunity versus debt pay down. An operating question related to the voice portion of Business Services you mentioned that its growing strongly in the fourth quarter but I was really struck by in Time Warners numbers just how small voice is as a portion of their business services which would suggest that at least they arent really getting the whole accounts yet theyre mostly picking off data. Are you seeing the same thing and what is working to win a whole accounts business rather than just picking up data and video opportunistically?
Michael Angelakis: Nothing has changed really since we reported on the third quarter results in terms of suspending the buyback. The economy has deteriorated further and really we are taking a step back and suspending the buyback primarily to focus on using the free cash flow were generating to modestly de-lever this year and meet the maturities we have. There are a lot of problems in the economy which I dont think I need to go in to. In addition, we find the banking system and capital markets pretty unstable right now and we think the most prudent thing to do is modestly de-lever this year.
Steve Burke: On the voice as a percentage of total Business Service revenues, if you go back a numbers of years we started out our small business efforts were exclusively in the data business and we by and large in the very beginning got it over the transom, people would call up and say Im a small business and I want high speed internet. Then we introduced voice as a complement to data about 18 months or so ago then in July we did multi-line voice which would allow a business to get say eight lines in addition to data.  The main way that we sell now, our real goal, is to go in and deliver data, voice and video to small businesses. Actually there many, many weeks voice is growing faster than data but really as a strategy were trying to be the entire business solution. Actually whats happening now is when you can offer voice as well as data it tends to accelerate the data and the voice is obviously a brand new revenue stream.
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Is that a price based strategy or is just showing up with a strong voice product enough to get you in the door now?
Steve Burke: Its both, very frequently were able to offer a better value then the existing R-Box and traditionally the R-Box have targeted larger account and not been able to service the smaller accounts and we really concentrate on the small and medium size businesses and provide a great alternative for them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen  Bank of America-Merrill Lynch
Jessica Reif-Cohen  Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: I wanted to touch on some of the things that havent come up yet on the call. If you could update us on what to expect from Canoe in terms of roll out and investment spending and has your outlook changed at all because of the economy. You did mentioned wireless, I know you took the write down but what will we see in terms of timing and what the product will look like. Finally, in the promotions that you have in the market now or I guess it just ended the $200 promotion has that helped make the phone ring?
Steve Burke: Let me start with the promotions, we do have a promotion right now that gives the consumer a $200 back if they sign a long term contract. Were doing a whole variety of different promotions in different markets to try to figure out which ones are the most effective and well continue to do that. The $200 promotion does look like a real winner. In terms of Canoe I dont think our pace of investment or excitement about that business is affected at all by the economy. Clearly there is a huge, huge business out there if you can get the interactivity that you currently get when you advertise on the internet married to television spots. The good news is we have a CEO and team in place theyre up in New York and working on executing the plan. Were bringing out our first product which is called Creative Versioning this spring and we have two or three other things that are getting very close to being in the marketplace and launched.  Were very excited about Canoe the materiality of the business when it becomes a very, very large needle moving business for us is not going to occur in 2009 but were very pleased with the direction and its the type of thing that has such a big reward that it really would not be affected by the economy or the current add sales environment which as we mentioned is not good.
Brian Roberts: On the wireless question the deal really just closed and were seeing in Portland which is their first market that they really launched since the new company came together let them speak for the results. The roll out continues theyre now going to, this is Clearwire Im talking about, put together the market by market strategy that is a roll out in many, many markets. Obviously had a large cash infusion which the capital markets were different but fortunately have a fair amount of runway to now go and construct many cities in the same mode that theyre building Portland. We remain very excited with the relationship we have with Clearwire. The opportunity to bundle high speed data products with mobility in a variety of things in a 4G network has never been tried before and this is going to be the first of its kind and therefore allow us to have a first mover advantage in many markets. As it comes together Intel seems very committed with laptops being able to have that functionality, Google is obviously in the wireless space with their 3G phones and G1. The nature of the partners continues in addition to obviously Sprint and the 2G and the voice network that we have access to. Give us the piece parts to begin to try out some wireless offerings thats not something we have to feel is going to happen the first few months of 09 but we are working on it in the back half of the year youll see some real activity in certain key markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse: I was wondering if you could quantify the savings in 2009 from the reorganizations that you took in 2008. Are you anticipating any more restructuring charges or severance in 2009? Programming costs are still your largest single line item I was wondering if you could talk about your expectation for how that will trend in 09 will that accelerate or decelerate.
Mike Angelakis: In 09 we do expect programming costs to slightly accelerate. There is some lumpiness in 2009 our expectation is we will have some additional growth beyond what 2008 is. Taking your first question, which is regard to the restructuring we do expect about $260 million of savings in 2009 relating to the restructuring as well as the severance. With regards to further restructuring we dont have any plans for that but we are very focused on expense management and our cost structure so any massive restructuring we dont anticipate at this point but were always looking for ways to be more efficient to save costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Hodulik - UBS
John Hodulik - UBS: It appears in the fourth quarter that you guys were somewhat less aggressive in terms of promoting and advertising the product at least thats some of the feedback were getting from the Bells, very different than what we saw in the first half. Could you comment on that and you talk a little bit about how you decide what is the correct level of promotion and advertising? Given the new promotions in the $200 cash back would you say that youre getting more aggressive as we head into the first quarter? How do you expect the competition to shape up in 09?
Steve Burke: Its hard to describe the ebb and flow in the business. We have three or four competitors depending on the market, we have the economy, we have our existing promotions and it is fair to say in the second and third quarter we and most of the cable industry did extremely well in terms of high speed data. The telephone companies it appears greatly increased their promotional intensity and spending in the fourth quarter. What we are really trying to do and what weve always been trying to do is concentrate on long term balance and revenue growth and making sure that long term we grow units and preserve ARPU and so you try not to swing too far one way or the other. That having been said, in the first quarter were clearly seeing the phones ringing more then they were in October or November. Were clearly seeing some of our new promotions work well. Its always a balance and were not interested in doing is putting out offers that generate hundreds of thousands of units which have no economic value. It is fair to say that we have sharpened our intensity in the first quarter but its also fair to say were very, very conscious of the balance between units and ARPU and maximizing revenue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs: I do think its a strong signal of confidence in the market that youre increasing the dividend although I have to say we also view the 8% increase as being on the conservative side given your more than 50% growth in free cash flow in 08 and what we view as strong free cash flow growth in 09. I was wondering if you could give us some color into how you decided on 8% increase and would you consider increasing the dividend further later this year?
Michael Angelakis: Being conservative in this environment could be interpreted as a complement so Ill take it that way. The way we look at the dividend, which we just initiated 12 months ago and Im actually very pleased that just 12 months ago we initiated and now here we are 12 months later increasing it. We do look at payout ratios as also when you look at 2008 free cash flow our payout ratio is slightly in excess of 20%.  When you look at our net income our payout ratio is slightly in excess of 30% which we think those levels and other opportunities thats an appropriate amount. We agree with you it is a strong signal to the market and I think were pretty pleased with it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Jayant - Barclays Capital
Vijay Jayant - Barclays Capital: My question is on VOD, now youre getting a lot of content on sites like Hulu which is not really available on your VOD platform. Can you talk about how you will try and get this content on your platform so that consumers dont get trained to route around the video platform by using internet video? VMed and Media in the UK has done something with the BBC iPlayer. On the VOD load is it still designed for a peak load of about 10% of users using the service simultaneously or has that changed?
Steve Burke: The peak load activity is really something that we watch very carefully. We look at the percentage of VOD streams that are completed and it varies by load and varies by area. What you want to make sure is that youre completing the maximum number of streams so 10% was now we originally thought of the network but we have areas where we have very high penetration and high digital VOD usage which are higher then 10%. In terms of the overall VOD business the majority of very attractive product that people are getting on sites like Fancast and Hulu I wouldnt say the majority but a huge amount of that is already on our VOD platform. For example, we have NBC shows, ABC shows, CBS shows, lots and lots of very good popular content on the VOD platform. We keep adding more and more and we have a lot of ideas in the future about ways to get more. The interesting thing is the programmers are very sensitive to the fact that the affiliate fees that the cable and satellite industry pays are really the most attractive part of their business particularly when the advertising environment is as weak as it is. Most of them are not making very much money, if any money at all on the internet. Were aligned in terms of trying to preserve the echo system and one way to preserve that echo system is to enable us to get the product on VOD and have their ads in that product. Our streams per month continue to grow, theyre way over 300 million streams per month and we do have a lot of very attractive product. Clearly people are viewing more video on the internet but the fact of the matter is every year including last year, including last quarter more people are paying for multi-channel video.  It clearly seems complementary to us its something that weve got to be very careful about and make sure that programmers and we, because we own Fancast dont over do it and forget the fact that the video platform and VOD is what got us here. We see at least so far things being complementary and both sides growing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: On the direct expense line for data and phone you talked about the efficiencies there. I dont know if you could put a little more meat on the bone in terms of whats driving the expense numbers down in absolute dollars are those outsource contracts that are rolling over and youre benefiting from greater scale or labor savings any detail would be helpful as we think about 2009, 2010. You talked about $400 to $500 million on DOCSIS and All-Digital. All-Digital seems to be less expensive than I would have thought. I was wondering if you could talk about self install rates or whats happening in Portland thats made that project at least appear less expensive then we thought.
Michael Angelakis: I think the teams done a fantastic job on managing the expense side on the voice on the data side. Theres not one area that I can point to theres a whole variety of areas the teams have worked on which really are the benefits of scale in the business. We have focused a lot on least cost routing and a whole variety of factors to really bring down the costs. I really cant articulate one specific area. The team has done, its a whole bunch of blocking and tackling.
Steve Burke: Some of it is taking outsource contracts in house, some of it is deploying new technologies, some of it is just getting more scale, particularly in a business as new as the phone business that is a big part of it. In terms of DOCSIS and All-Digital of the two DOCSIS 3.0 in a way is a replacement of spending that we would normally incur for the DOCSIS 2.0 as the network gets bigger and more and more people use it. The incremental cost of DOCSIS 3.0 is far less than All-Digital. All-Digital the strategy that we have come up with is to use these digital converters which are very, very low cost and to do as much as we can in terms of self install, in terms of online ordering and one of the great things about a cable company in terms of rolling out something new is you can test because you have so many different systems and areas to work with. What were seeing is that its going much more efficiently then we thought and that the percentage of people doing self install is higher then we thought. Were taking a lot of the phone calls in a very smooth way out of the market. Were very optimistic.  That having been said, there is a real operating cost when a market goes through it. There is a real capital cost and in the year that you do it, it is not necessarily accretive if you allow yourself to get out of the year that youre doing it, it clearly has a return on investment beyond the bandwidth. Its actually a financially positive thing because it reduces theft and allows you to operating your plant more efficiently.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Bazinet  Citi
Jason Bazinet  Citi: In Europe theres some evidence that wireless substitution is beginning to encroach on the data business. I was wondering if you could talk about it from a strategic standpoint how do you ensure that Clearwire doesnt operate across purposes with your existing landline or terrestrial data business.
Brian Roberts: Our whole strategy, if I might, Ill just broaden that question to some of the conversation thats been happening on VOD versus the net. Our strategy is to have the most robust network, to have a relationship with the consumer and then let the consumer decide what their preference is. What a 17 year old kid is doing versus someone else at a different stage of life is going to be different and thats the strategy the company is to satisfy all consumers. If wireless wants to come along I for one believe that a robust wireline network, I think Verizon feels the same way, even with their wireless assets theyre building FiOS and fiber, that the needs in the home are going to be so great that wireline should be able to offer way more applications then what wireless can do. That said there will be some people who want wireless both for in the home or probably a better business in my opinion for mobility which is wireless great attractive feature. As we see video on the net and we see high def video on the net and we video chatting and someday high def video chatting all growing in your home we think thats fantastic. If multiple high def streams want to be happening at the same time as different generations all want to watch different shows away from the style of one TV in the house now theres multiple devices and video games online and also sorts of activities, I think its a very reassuring place to be to say lets have the best network in the house and that is our strategy. At the same time, were partnering with people like Clearwire to try and see where wireless goes so that we have access not for five years or 10 years but permanent access to whatever gets built with that 100 MHz spectrum. Roughly in each city in America that Clearwire now has assembled and is a very unique and attractive Greenfield opportunity. Were positioned just fine. I do really believe that speeding up the internet is a great part of our strategy and having the fastest speeds is a winner. If you look at 2008 as the whole year and you look at the industries market share the consumer as video has grown on the net more and more people are finding cable speeds desirable particularly if you do it an ARPU adjusted basis as Steve was talking about and you actually look at where the money is flowing. I think were pretty well positioned, well keep track of those tabs but most of all we dont want to close any doors off for our relationship with the consumer.
Operator: Your last question comes from Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Certainly what weve seen is the value of the high speed data prior to the consumers been increasing dramatically over the last 10 years but the price hasnt really been and the consumers been pretty used to telecom prices coming down in most media prices other than pay TV being relatively stable over time. How do you start to teach the consumer they should be paying a little bit more each year for that broadband pipe?
Brian Roberts: Thats a great goal to find a way to enhance the product and to offer it at different levels of cost. This particular environment that were in were very sensitive to trying to be responsive to our consumers needs as I mentioned in my opening remarks weve got to appeal to folks who are right now trying to manage their budget while at the same time attract customers who frankly their entire business is relying on this high speed infrastructure and would do anything to get 50, 100 megs of speed and are willing to pay more. Stevens trend of if were selling three higher speed for every one lower speed is very encouraging. You also have to look at the development cycle of applications. Dial-up was a $20 product give or take back in the old days of AOL and give or take broadband is $40. In between those two points Google, Yahoo, FaceBook, MySpace, whatever, all came along and took advantage of the broadband platform, certainly music, e-Books, or Amazon and commerce. What will the products be as broadband goes to Wideband world and will there be a reason for people to want to spend more because it gives you such a great experience. The trend has always been if you can create the products the value flows. Were at the cutting edge of creating the product this is year one, city one. The applications are not completely there yet but I know I would love to have a faster pipe, I would love my video, and I love high def video.  We were doing some download demonstrations recently and you can download a sports clip in high def or a movie clip in literally 30 seconds that takes 15 minutes in todays broadband world. There will be applications, that may not be it but there will be many applications that are revolutionary, I believe, and its a wonderful place for us to be making a bet.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you all for joining us this morning. Operator please provide instructions for the replay.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) This concludes todays teleconference thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marlene S. Dooner - Investor Relations Brian L. Roberts - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Michael J. Angelakis - Chief Financial Officer Stephen B. Burke - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President; President of Comcast Cable
Analysts: Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch John Hodulik - UBS Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Thomas Eagan - Collins Stewart Bryan Goldberg - J.P. Morgan Vijay Jivant - Barclays Capital Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Investor Relations, Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner. 
Marlene S. Dooner: Thank you, Operator, and welcome, everyone, to our third quarter 2008 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Brian Roberts, Steve Burke, and Michael Angelakis.  Before we start, let me refer everybody to slide number two, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call includes forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties.  In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our press release for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.  And now for opening remarks, I will pass to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian. 
Brian L. Roberts: Thanks, Marlene. I think you will see we had solid financial and operating results this quarter but I want to begin the call by stepping back and just commenting on the obviously unique and challenging economic time that we are all living through in the United States. Is cable a good business? Is Comcast ready? I think absolutely yes.  With 9% cash flow growth, 8% revenue growth, and 109% free cash flow growth in the first nine months of 2008, we clearly have a very strong company.  About a year ago, we saw our world beginning to change -- a softer economy with slower growth rates and also more competition. So I look back over the last 12 months and see the moves that Steve and Mike and their teams have made to be ready for this type of environment and I am quite pleased with where Comcast is positioned. No one is going to see what is going to come next. All you can do is have the strongest balance sheet and have your operating team appropriately making adjustments in strategy as the world changes, and I think we are doing that quite well.  Lets begin with the balance sheet. It probably goes back to my fathers, Ralph, life being truly changed by the depression and so he trained me always to be ready for even the most unexpected future, and I think thats a big reason why Comcast is in such a strong position today.  We can comfortably make the statement that we do not need access to capital markets any time for the foreseeable future. We have significant free cash flow and liquidity to internally fund all of our obligations and that I believe is a very enviable position.  Operationally, we are beginning to invest in a technological enhancements that are enabled from going all digital, and continuing to improve the customer experience and I feel weve made real progress so far this year.  Now, we want to speed up the Internet even further as we recently announced with DOCSIS 3.0, have more high definition choices for our customers, with over 1,000 already and more coming, and build new businesses like Comcast business class. All of this will help position the company for future growth.  So when I think about the first nine months, both the financial side and the operational side, we expected for the full year to do at least $2.8 billion in free cash flow. I am very pleased and I think the most significant point for me is that in the first nine months of this year, we have now already achieved this full-year goal. So clearly we are on a path to exceed this target.  So our business model is solid. Weve made adjustments to anticipate slower growth in the future. Weve proactively managed expenses and capital so that we can generate even more significant free cash flow and at the same time position the company right where we want to be -- an industry leader, an innovator, and a provider of products that our customers really look forward to.  With that, let me turn it over to Mike Angelakis to take you through the financial details. 
Michael J. Angelakis: Thank you, Brian. Please refer to slide four, which highlights our third quarter consolidated results. The third quarter reflects solid operational results in our cable, programming, and interactive businesses, as well as the integration of the Insight Cable systems which occurred this past January. On a consolidated basis, the companys revenue increased 10% to $8.5 billion and operating cash flow grew 10% to $3.2 billion. On an apples-to-apples comparison, our third quarter consolidated pro forma revenue growth was 7% and our consolidated pro forma operating cash flow growth was 8%. Over the last 12 months, the companys organic growth has generated $2.7 billion in additional revenue and $1.2 billion in additional operating cash flow. Our reported net income for the third quarter was $771 million, or $0.26 per share. Excluding $80 million in favorable tax adjustments, our adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.24 per share, an increase of 33% versus last year.  Year-to-date reported net income was $2.1 billion, or $0.72 per share. Year-to-date net income for both this year and last year include games from the dissolution of the Insight and the Texas Kansas City Cable partnerships. Excluding these gains and this quarters tax adjustment, our adjusted EPS for the first nine months of this year increased 19% to $0.64 per share.  Free cash flow for the quarter increased 77% to $928 million, reflecting growth in operating cash flow and a reduction in CapEx from $1.5 billion in the third quarter of 07 to $1.3 billion in the third quarter of 08. Free cash flow per share increased 88% during the quarter, from $0.17 in the third quarter of 07 to $0.32 this quarter.  On a year-to-date basis, free cash flow per share has increased 124% to $0.94 per share from $0.42 per share. I think it is important to note that these results also include the incurrence of $59 million in hurricane and severance related costs during the quarter. With year-to-date pro forma revenue growth of 8% and pro forma operating cash flow growth of 9%, our results are consistent with the full-year revenue and operating cash flow targets we provided at the beginning of the year. Although our visibility is difficult as the economic environment is clearly more challenging today than it was at the beginning of the year, we continue to expect to achieve our full-year revenue and operating cash flow guidance, albeit with revenue at the low-end of the range.  Please refer to slide five and lets review our revenue results in more detail. Pro forma cable revenue for the third quarter increased 7% to $8.1 billion. As you can see in both the third quarter and year-to-date numbers, video revenue growth was relatively stable at 4%, reflecting growth in advanced services and rate adjustments and offset by continued promotional activity, lower basic subscriber, and the effect of a larger proportion of our subscriber base in multiple product plans. At the end of the third quarter of 08, 22% of our customers took all three of our products, compared to 17% in the beginning of 08 and 15% at the end of the third quarter in 2007.  Our high-speed Internet revenue grew 9% in the quarter, reflecting continued unit growth and relatively stable ARPU. In the third quarter, we added 382,000 high-speed Internet subscribers as we continued to gain market share in broadband. Also, our trends continue to look favorable for our broadband customer mix.  Our economy service, which allows us to address an important segment of the market, continues to represent less than 5% of our total high-speed Internet gross additions. At the same time, we continue to see many more customers taking our blast service versus the economy service, demonstrating that customers are willing to pay more for higher speed service.  Our phone revenue increased 44% in the third quarter, reflecting continued growth in our CDV customer base, offset by slightly lower ARPU. While the pace of net additions has slowed, we continue to add approximately one percentage point of CDV penetration in the third quarter, which now stands at 13.3% of homes passed.  Although we are now essentially out of the legacy circuit switched phone business, it continues to negatively impact revenue growth. Phone revenue would have increased 61% year over year if we excluded the decline from our circuit switch business.  Our business services group continues to experience healthy growth, with third quarter revenue of $145 million, an increase of 42% versus last year.  Now moving on to our advertising business, this is an area where we are experiencing real softness, particularly on the local side, which continues to feel the impact of a weakening economy, even in this political year. Additionally, this quarter had one less broadcasting week than in 2007, which negatively affected both the cable advertising and the programming divisions comparable results.  On a reported basis, cable advertising revenue decreased 10% in the third quarter and if you adjust for the one less week and exclude the benefit of $30 million of political advertising in the quarter, our core revenue did decrease about 10%, which is worse than the 4% to 5% decline in the core advertising revenue experienced in the first half of this year.  On the national advertising side, which is more reflective of our programming divisions operations, its a bit of a different story as the softness there was mostly ratings driven resulting from the Olympics. While the market has weakened, pricing and demand for our networks are holding up quite well. Overall, programming revenue grew 5% for the quarter and 11% year-to-date, benefiting from continued affiliate fee growth and strong international revenue growth.  The corporate and other category also saw strong revenue growth this quarter as we benefited from increased Internet advertising and search revenue at Comcast Interactive.  Please refer to slide six -- as revenue growth has slowed, we are continuing our focus on improvements in efficiencies and expense reductions. We continue to extract operating efficiencies in our phone business, which now stands at 6.1 million customers. Total direct costs related to our high-speed Internet business also continued to decline. Each of these services had expense declines of approximately 9% on an absolute basis this quarter.  Expense reductions in these two areas helped to offset increases in our programming expense, in our technical operations, in marketing, and in our business services operation.  This quarter, our results were also negatively impacted by two major hurricanes -- hurricanes Ike and Gustav, that reduced operating cash flow by $20 million in the third quarter. We expect these hurricanes will also impact operating cash flow to a similar degree in the fourth quarter.  Finally, we incurred $39 million of severance expense related to a recent divisional restructuring and ongoing staff reductions. Year-to-date, we have incurred $63 million in severance expenses as we remain very focused on managing our expenses and as the level of activity slows. As such, we may have a similar level of expense in the fourth quarter as in the third quarter.  All in, for the third quarter pro forma operating cash flow for the cable division increased approximately 7% to $3.25 billion and cables operating cash flow margin for the quarter decreased 20 basis points to 40%. Excluding the impact of the hurricane and severance charges I just mentioned, cable operating cash flow grew 9% in the third quarter with a margin of 40.7%.  In the programming division, operating cash flow increased 9% from $97 million in the third quarter of 07 to $105 million in the third quarter of 08. Year-to-date, programming operating cash flow has increased 30% from $237 million to $307 million. As we mentioned previously, year-to-date results reflect the timing of marketing and programming costs, which were not incurred during the first nine months of the year but we expect to spend in the fourth quarter.  On a consolidated basis, pro forma operating cash flow increased to $3.24 billion, an increase of approximately 8% for the third quarter, with a margin of 37.9%, up 20 basis points. Year-to-date, pro forma operating cash flow has increased 9% to $9.8 billion, with a margin of 38.3%, also up 20 basis points.  Please refer to slide seven to review the quarters capital expenditures. Reflecting slower unit growth and an increased discipline around capital allocation, total capital expenditures for the quarter were $1.3 billion, down approximately 16% compared to pro forma CapEx of $1.6 billion for the third quarter of 07. On a year-to-date basis, consolidated CapEx has decreased 14% from $4.7 billion to $4 billion. Consolidated CapEx as a percentage of revenue has decreased this quarter to 15.3% from 19.6% in the third quarter of 07 and year-to-date consolidated CapEx has decreased to 15.8% of revenue versus 19.9% last year.  Consistent with historical trends, cable CapEx continues to be predominantly growth oriented, with growth CapEx accounting for 73% of the total cable CapEx for the first nine months of this year. The most significant driver in this quarters CapEx decline was CPE, which was down 15% compared to last years third quarter, reflecting the lower unit activity.  Additionally, capital spent on new construction is also down approximately 45% this year, which directly reflects the slow down in the housing market. These declines were somewhat offset by our continued investment in business services, which has increased $100 million on a year-to-date basis versus last year.  While year-to-date CapEx has been trending at a lower level than last year, we do expect an increase in the CapEx during the fourth quarter as we aggressively commence our all digital and DOCSIS 3.0 rollouts. Specifically, we will be purchasing millions of D-to-A converters in the fourth quarter as we begin the all-digital transition in up to 20% of our systems. In terms of DOCSIS 3.0, as we just announced last week, we are launching our extreme 50-megabit service in 10 major markets by the end of this year. Even with this expected increase in our fourth quarter capital investment plan, we are very comfortable with our full-year guidance for capital expenditures.  Please refer to slide eight. Our financial priorities have not changed. Our first priority continues to be to secure sustainable and profitable growth by investing in our businesses and by executing on our strategic plans in a very disciplined manner. Another priority is return capital to shareholders and we have been aggressively executing on this priority through a combination of our share buy-back program and our dividend.  Our financial strategy is supported by our increased focus on free cash flow and free cash flow per share, and given the continued growth in operating cash flow and lower capital expenditures, we generated free cash flow of $928 million this quarter. On a per share basis, we generated $0.32 of free cash flow in the quarter, an increase of 88% over last year. Year-to-date, we generated $2.8 billion of free cash flow versus $1.3 billion last year, an increase of 109%. Year-to-date, we have converted almost 29% of our operating cash flow into free cash flow, compared to a 15% conversion rate for the first nine months of 2007.  As I mentioned, free cash flow generation remains a priority for the company and given that CapEx continues to trend lower than we initially forecast, we will exceed our full-year target of at least 20% growth in free cash flow this year.  At the same time, we have been committed to returning capital to shareholders. In the third quarter, we repurchased $800 million of our stock, reducing our shares outstanding by 1.4%. This buy-back, combined with the payment of our quarterly dividend, equates to the company once again returning in excess of 100% of its free cash flow to shareholders.  Over the last 12 months, we have repurchased approximately $4.1 billion of our stock, reducing our shares by approximately 7%. We have a continuing commitment to our buy-back program and believe our stock remains under-valued. However, we have entered into unprecedented times with regard to the economic disruption and the crisis in the equity and credit markets. As such, we may not complete our buy-backs for the fourth quarter and for next year as originally planned.  We believe it is critical to maintain the strength and stability and financial independence of the company. Therefore, we will continue to monitor the economy and the capital markets, remain disciplined, and make appropriate adjustments as we go along.  Now lets move on to our balance sheet data on slide nine, as I know many investors are appropriately spending time in this area. This slide outlines our current balance sheet metrics and our upcoming debt maturities for the next three years. As Brian has mentioned, we have taken a very responsible and prudent approach to managing our financial operations and believe our balance sheet is a tremendous asset to our shareholders in this environment. Our focus on free cash flow generation has provided us with improved liquidity and financial independence and as you know, we are an investment grade credit and we have ample liquidity to meet our financial obligations while simultaneously being able to invest in our business to meet our strategic return on incremental capital and our competitive goals.  Therefore, we remain confident about our business model and our financial and strategic position. Importantly, we continue to be very disciplined around resource and capital allocation and we will continue to make the necessary investments to ensure that we sustain our competitive advantages for the long-term, which we believe will generate attractive shareholder returns.  Now let me pass the call to Steve. 
Stephen B. Burke: Thanks, Mike. I am going to quickly walk through some of the unit activity for our cable business this quarter and then I will spend some time discussing why our operational strategy is working in this environment.  First on video, we continue to manage well in an increasingly competitive marketplace. Basic subscriber losses are consistent with our expectations, digital penetration continues to grow and is now approach 70%. Growth in higher end services like high-def and DVR remain strong as we added over 300,000 advanced service customers during the quarter. Advanced service penetration now stands at 43.5% of our digital customer base.  It was another strong quarter for our high-speed Internet business, indexing at close to 80% of last years net adds. Its pretty clear we are taking share in this business.  Demand for our phone service from new customers remained strong, with sell-in rates at 40%. Lower activity due to the slow down in the housing market does impact this business, as there are simply not as many new opportunities for people to take phone service when they move. Nevertheless, we continue to grow penetration and are now over 13%. We have some markets with penetration in excess of 20% and others that are quickly approaching. We are confident that there is plenty of room for growth left in this business and we are on pace to add over 2 million new phone customers this year.  Looking ahead, we see a real opportunity to target and attract new customers to all of our cable services with the upcoming digital transition in February. At the same time, we continue to invest in new growth opportunities like business services. This business is starting to ramp nicely now with revenue up 42% for the quarter. This business is now a real cash contributor to the company.  I think slide 10 reflects our approach to diversified growth, which is predicated on slower growth in our more mature business of basic video, complemented by new digital features such as DVRs, high-def, high-speed Internet, phone, and business services, all combining to result in strong ARPU growth, which is now $111 a month, up 9% versus last year.  As the economy and competitive dynamics change, our job is to adjust our strategy accordingly. Cable is more recession resistant than most businesses but as the environment changes, we need to change too. The first area where we are adjusting our approach is our product offering. Examples of this were introduced -- we have introduced two product bundles, weve instituted economy tiers, were changing how we speak about high-def, particularly as we go into the holiday season and more people are buying high-def sets. Weve recently put a lot more emphasis on retention due to the economic climate. While we are adjusting our promotions, we are continuing to focus on investing in product superiority. For example, we are expanding our VOD offerings, were adding more high-def channels, and we now have over 1,000 high-def choices on video-on-demand, which we think is helping us do well competitively as the world transitions to high-definition. Our research shows that we are doing quite well and holding share in terms of high-definition television.  We are rolling out TiVo beyond the Boston market test, where things are going quite well and we are going to be introducing other cities, probably starting with Chicago in the first quarter next year. We are starting to introduce wide-band with the DOCSIS 3.0 rollout, which is our very high-speed Internet service, which I think will be very competitive with DSL, and we are beginning the conversion, as Mike mentioned, to digital delivery to get more bandwidth in a very cost efficient way.  While we are investing to be more competitive, we are also making good progress reducing our expenses and becoming more efficient, and this has been a key focus area for us during the last year. As activity levels have slowed with the business, we are doing a good job adjusting our staffing accordingly. We are also improving reliability and thats resulting in 2 million less truck rolls during the third quarter and over 6% less trouble calls. And when these activity levels go down, that means we save money because people dont have to go out and do those truck rolls or answer the phones or respond to trouble calls.  Unit costs for CDV and high-speed data have declined significantly as these businesses scale and that decline is actually greater than we thought would happen. And finally, capital spending is down for the quarter about $260 million versus the same quarter last year. Some of this capital reduction is due to slower growth in units but much of it is due to better procurement as costs for set-top boxes, cable cards, CMTSs, high-definition equipment, EMTAs, are all down on a per unit basis.  Finally, capital expenditures are a key focus area for our entire management team and free cash flow growth is very much on peoples minds and I think that is proven out in the results and will be in the future.  So to sum up, even in a challenging environment, our business is fundamentally resilient and continues to grow. With some adjustments to reflect changes in the economy, we are confident that we can continue to keep operating cash flow and free cash flow on a growth curve in the future.  Now, Marlene, I guess well open it up for questions. 
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks, Steve. Operator, please give us the instructions to start the Q&A. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question will come from the line of Ingrid Chung with Goldman Sachs. 
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs: So my first question is about how operating conditions trended monthly, so I was wondering if you could talk about how operating conditions in September 08 compared to September 07, and then how did October 2008 look versus September 2008?  And then my second question is about the geographic distribution of basic losses. I was wondering if they were isolated to certain areas. 
Brian L. Roberts: Let me start by saying broadly, the economy and the slow down in the economy affects certainly parts of our business and doesnt affect other parts. For example, when housing starts come down, that obviously means theres less opportunities to gain new subscribers. But when existing home sales go down, thats actually good for our business in certain areas because there is less activity -- less connects and less disconnects.  What we have seen, and this has been going on for a while and accelerating recently, is that our connects are lower than they were last year. Interestingly, our disconnects are not rising so its not that people who have our service are leaving, its that theres less propensity to upgrade, less propensity to move and take our services when someone moves into town.  A lot of our other metrics are very stable -- bad debt is very stable, pay-per-view is growing 9% or so a year. Ad sales is a very negative picture. Ad sales is going backwards but a lot of the trends that we are talking about, weve been seeing for the last year. All the housing related things have been in the business the last year and obviously over the last few weeks, the economy has gotten worse. We are watching some of these metrics very, very carefully, like bad debt, and were surprised all three of our product lines have lower churn for the third quarter and the month of October, we think, than last year. So its an interesting thing -- the base core subscription side of the business is very resilient we think and very strong but on the margin, peoples propensity to do something new and step out and increase their spending with us appears to be affected more than our existing customers potentially leaving. 
Stephen B. Burke: I think the other point, however, is on the geographic diversity, we do see that AT&T and Verizon are both now in a competitive position in many of the markets, so theres -- you know, its not just one versus the other. I think we have more competition as more homes have become available with an over-build from a wireline over-builder. And I do think that we -- you know, we are reading the paper like everybody else. We see that October of course is just an unprecedented month in so many ways, that as we said a lot of our planning is to assume that the fourth quarter and that the period that we are in is worse than the period that we were just three, four months ago. But as Steve said, this business has certain characteristics that can retard that but its not a great environment. Its not getting better, thats for sure. 
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks. Operator, next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Moffett with Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein: Good morning. Brian, you talked about preparing for slower growth, so let me just drill down on that a little bit, if I could, and then one additional question on technology. But first on the overview, 30,000 foot question -- when you say you are preparing for slower growth, what are the things that you anticipate customers doing? Is it reducing the richness of their packages? Is it a slow-down in the uptake of HDTV? Is it that they are going to downgrade their HD or their HSD tiers? What are the sort of things that you specifically expect and that you are preparing for? And then if I could follow-up with a specific technology question, just to make sure I understand, Steve, you talked a lot about your D-to-A converter strategy. As I understand, those dont have conditional access. If they did, they would need to have cable cards. So am I to understand that you are going to be sending digital signals to television sets unscrambled and if so, is that compliant with all your programming agreements with your content partners?
Brian L. Roberts: Let me start and Steve can answer a little bit of both of those. Let me just put in context what I meant by slower growth -- if you go back to 07, we have seen -- and we stated in our 08 guidance -- that we thought we would sell less RGUs and we would have slower revenue growth than we did in 07 in 08, and so what I think you do when you see that period of time coming as some of the products mature, you begin to reduce your expenses, you reduce your capital, all the things that I think make this a very healthy quarter from a financial standpoint and I think bode well as we look to the rest of the year in terms of how we will perform on free cash flow in particular.  Customers, and Steve can be even more granular, are looking for packages, customers are I think showing that they still want our cable and our broadband product. I think clearly in wireline phone, some people are not getting wireline phone who are just getting wireless phone, so you are seeing some of that perhaps affect the growth rate. But when you are coming from a 10% penetration that went up a few points this year, you have so much upside versus down side that it nips you a few hundred thousand units perhaps over time in a year or whatever than you would have liked to have had at the beginning of the year but big picture, we are way -- still the fastest growing part of the company and we think -- and the same goes in broadband. I am sure there are some people who would have liked to have switched already or some other reason but as long as we have the right package and the right pricing and the best products, we are in a terrific business that in times, when times are tough, people want to watch television and now even as much, they want to be on the Internet and be connected. And our phone product represents the best value of all of our three products because it is clearly cheaper than any alternative and as part of a package, its even a better deal.  So I think the other macroeconomic conditions are something that we all are just anticipating and doing what you have to do to run your business appropriately. Steve. 
Stephen B. Burke: Just to put a point on it, I think what we are talking about is marginally less net adds, so instead of 550,000 phone ads, its 450. Instead of 400,000 high-def sets during a quarter, its 300,000. Its those type of things. Its not existing customers leaving or no growth. Its just slower growth in terms of the elections that consumers make.  In terms of the D-to-A and the conversion, the way this will work is you will need to have a D-to-A to receive the expanded basic digital signal, so it will be secured initially by the fact that you need to have a D-to-A. Right now, you dont. Obviously you can just get an analog signal so in many senses, it will be more secure than the analog distribution. We will not be using encryption initially and that is fine in terms of our programming contracts. 
Craig Moffett - Sanford C. Bernstein: Okay. Thank you. 
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks, Craig. Operator, next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen with Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: -- three questions. First is given the volatility in the market, I was just wondering if you would consider increasing the dividend, you know, helping investors wait for a more normalized market.  The second question is on wireless -- given whats happened to Clearwire shares and everybodys shares but given whats happened, is there any way that you can revise the terms, either in terms of money, control, or structure? And then finally, I was hoping that you could give us some color on your initial experience with DOCSIS 3.0. Thanks. 
Michael J. Angelakis: Why dont I take the first one? With regard to dividends, we are not making any change to dividends. We think its appropriate. Weve only had two dividend payments and I think you are indirectly getting at the buy-back in terms of how weve mentioned were just reevaluting it. You know, theres a lot going on in the marketplace. I think everyone is very aware of that and were just taking a step back on the buy-back and just reevaluating all aspects of the credit markets, of the capital markets, and those kinds of items. So I dont think we are going to make any -- we dont anticipate any changes to the dividend.  When you talk about Clearwire, you know, we are very focused on closing the deal and we look at Clearwire as sort of new Clearwire, where there are a lot of assets from Sprint in the zone and spectrum thats getting contributed to a new company called New Clearwire and we are very focused on getting that transaction closed. We are very focused on our 3G agreement, which we negotiated with Sprint, as well as our 4G agreement, which we negotiated with Clearwire, or New Clearwire, which we think are both strategically important to us, and we are also focused on sort of post closing what that looks like.  So I think DOCSIS 3.0, Steve, why dont you take that one?
Stephen B. Burke: DOCSIS, its too early. We have customers now but measured in the hundreds. The good news is technically, it works beautifully and we are rolling it out to a very substantial part of our base as we speak but in terms of customer reaction, its just too early. 
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks, Jessica. Operator, next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Hodulik with UBS. 
John Hodulik - UBS: Thanks. Two quick questions -- it seems like you guys are well on your way to being under the 18% CapEx number. I think you would have to spend well under the 20% of revenues in the fourth quarter. I mean, is there any -- assuming that you are below the 18% this year, is the expectation that, and I think you guys have been talking about that if you look into 09 versus 08, or just in the future that the CapEx percentage of sales would continue to come down even from what may be a lower level this year.  And then second, just getting back to some comments Steve made, it sounds like you may be seeing a little bit of more competition from AT&T as they roll out U-verse. In the past, it has sort of been said that I think FIOS has been strong but you really havent see much AT&T. Do you see a bit of a change there as they roll out or are they being more aggressive in general or is it just a function of maybe more marketing on their front?
Stephen B. Burke: Why dont I do the AT&T/Verizon one first -- we are actually seeing more competition from AT&T than Verizon right now and that was the exact opposite a year ago. We monitor it very, very carefully. AT&T has so much broader a footprint that we actually think they are having a greater effect on our business than Verizon.  In both AT&T and Verizons case, we obviously believe that we are taking more phone and data customers from them than they are taking video from us but clearly weve seen a shift of late where AT&T is proving to be a more formidable competitor than they were. 
John Hodulik - UBS: Now, is that just a function of the rollout or have they gotten more aggressive from a pricing promotion standpoint?
Stephen B. Burke: I think its more footprint related. I think they have been very aggressive for a long time in certain markets. I think its more just footprint. 
Brian L. Roberts: But just to comment, relatively speaking its fairly expected what we think is happening. I dont think there is too much surprise. Its clearly working and they have improved their high-def offering and other things but I want to echo the point that we have assumed that we were going to lose subscribers and that we were going to be able to get many more phone customers and high-speed data, and I think one of the points that hasnt been brought up yet on this call is high-speed data came in, as Steve said in his opening remarks, around 80% of a year agos level and a lot of that is coming from DSL and we do think that the DOCSIS 3.0 question that was just asked, even though we dont have data yet, we are going to be able to go on a proactive marketing campaign that we offer up to 50-megabits of speed in many of our markets as soon as by the end of this year and thats a pretty I think reaffirming message to consumers that if you want high-speed data, the best way to get that is through Comcast. 
Stephen B. Burke: In the third quarter, we gained more high-speed Internet customers than AT&T and Verizon combined. 
Michael J. Angelakis: Thats a great note. Ill take the CapEx question -- obviously we have been trending lower this year. Our guidance is approximately 18%, which we are very comfortable with. In the fourth quarter, we do expect to spend more capital than the third quarter related to the D-to-As, as well as DOCSIS 3.0, but again for year-end, we feel very good. And the second part of your question, John, related to next year -- budgets are not done but we are very hopeful that as a percentage of revenue, well continue to see a trend downward, even in 09. 
John Hodulik - UBS: Great. Thanks, guys. 
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks, John. Operator, next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Benjamin Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. 
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. Good morning. Two questions -- I wanted to go back to the converter all digital rollout and Steve, now that you are getting very close to accelerating this, is there any headcount impact? And any comment you can make on sort of the percentage of converter deployments that require truck rolls, just so we can sort of try to fine-tune the CapEx numbers around this project? And also, are you still thinking you will complete this sort of maybe the end of 09 and 2010? Does the timing still make sense? And then I wanted to ask on VOD, I think you said pay-per-view was up around 9%. I believe thats a slow down from where it was running last year and maybe Brian, I dont know if you can comment on this, but as you look out into 09 and 2010, if the windows improve for the VOD movie releases, do you think that business can reaccelerate? I mean, that seems a business that would hold up fairly well in a downturn, home video watching. 
Stephen B. Burke: Okay, on the digital conversion, its definitely going to spill into 010. We will not finish in 09. In terms of the percentage of digital boxes that are going to go in with self-install, thats really the $64,000 question. Its a very -- its going to be a very material percentage but whether its 50% or 70%, we are going to need to sort of monitor the initial rollouts. Portland is getting ready to go as we speak with the new D-to-A boxes, which are now in-stock and in test homes and well see what that percentage is.  It clearly increases headcount and marginally reduces operating cash flow when you take a market to D-to-A. Theres a certain amount of phone calls, theres a certain amount of truck rolls, theres a certain amount of marketing and activity level and thats all baked into our plans, but it does have an effect on the profitability of that system when it is going through that conversion. 
Brian L. Roberts: The VOD question, we are hoping that, and I think I saw some news in the last day that one of the studios is talking about taking some releases and going day-and-date across the nation, so you are beginning to see more people experimenting because of what is happening with the DVD market and the economy in general and just whether VOD can re-accelerate.  We had a lot of boxing matches and other things that werent the same as a year ago. There is clearly more ways to get that content, whether its over the net or some of the other places, so I dont know what re-accelerates it. We are just as equally focused not so much on that line item growth rate as sort of the experience of what on-demand brings to our customers. And by having 10,000 choices on-demand and project infinity, trying to increase that, so this year we got to 1,000 -- over 1,000 HD choices and now to be able to go to multiples of 10,000 over the next year or two or so, and to be able to interlay the Internet content someday into the on-demand experience, I think you are going to see customers value that more and more vis--vis their pricing with satellite and other competitive offerings, and one way or the other, I think we are going to be able to recoup value to our shareholders by having on-demand.  So whether its pay-per-view or its part of your subscription or we create a special package some day where you can access a bucket of content, were looking at a bunch of models and talking to the content companies about that and I think we are making progress. Technically, were very much on track to be able to continue to increase beyond where we are today. 
Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. 
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks, Ben. Operator, could we have the next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Two questions, both for Steve -- I was hoping for more details on small, medium sized business, you know, along the lines of what percentage of your ultimate target market are you attacking right now in terms of what products you are offering versus where you might go over the next few years -- in other words, are you still on track with what was laid out early last year for the long-term outlook for that business?  And the second question was what is the character of the basic subs that you are losing? It seems to me that many of the video subs you are losing are single play, lower value subscribers and maybe basic subs isn't the right way to look at the business anymore. Thanks. 
Stephen B. Burke: Okay, on the basic sub side, you are absolutely right -- the propensity or the vulnerability of single product video customers is significantly higher than double or triple-play product customers. Right now, I think 22% of our customers are double-play, or triple-play, 57% are double-play, so the 43% that are just video are more vulnerable and the good news is if they are disproportionately lost, it hurts us less financially but we dont like to lose any subscribers that we dont have to.  In terms of small and medium-sized business, I am getting very optimistic about this business. The revenues grew 42% year over year. We see that ramp continuing. We have phone and data, eight-line phone and our high-speed data product with a very interesting suite of additional services which we are enhancing all the time. And that product is scaling very well.  Its interesting -- we are doing our budget sessions now, finalizing the 2009 budget and every single part of the company spends a significant amount of time talking about business services. And when you look at the financials, you see that as a percentage of their operating cash flow growth and free cash flow growth in 09, its become a significant chunk.  So general managers who last year might have said well then, were hiring some people for business services now spend 20 minutes talking about how important it is and how its all working. So I feel very confident in all the projections that we are going to get 20% or 25% of the small and medium sized business market eventually. We are increasing our passings and dont do a lot of if you build it, they will come capital investment. Typically we would be more conservative than that but just organically as the business expands, you increase your fiber footprint, increase your passings. We are starting to get some sell-back haul business and overall, I feel very positive about the job Bill Stemper and the business services team are doing. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: As a follow-up on the basic, are you willing to tell us sort of what the churn differential is between a triple-play sub and say just a basic only sub?
Stephen B. Burke: I dont think weve ever done that. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: All right. Thank you. 
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks, Doug. Operator, next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Eagan with Collins Stewart.
Thomas Eagan - Collins Stewart: Thank you very much. I guess first question for Steve -- if you could give us a little more, little deeper thoughts on the wireless substitution. For example, is what you are seeing, is that a function of the economy, meaning that folks are being more economy minded and therefore substituting fixed line phone for wireless? Or is it just a trend amongst consumers? And then secondly on that, how did what you saw in Q3 differ from what you saw in Q2? And then I have a follow-up, thanks. 
Stephen B. Burke: Well, theres no question that wireless substitution is substantial and is increasing and it would stand to reason that it would increase as people look at all of their bills and try to respond to the changing economy.  One of the interesting things about our business and maybe its because we are -- the majority of our phone customers are in packages, is that we are seeing churn, phone churn decline fairly markedly year over year, so while theres clearly some wireless substitution, my bet is that whats happening is the majority of the wireless substitution in percentage terms is coming from [ARBOC] customers that are not bundled in, and I think if you look at their numbers, theres some evidence that thats increasing. 
Thomas Eagan - Collins Stewart: Okay, and then secondly on the February 09 migration, how do you think the economy and the pressures may impact what consumers might do and how do you think that differs from what you were expecting about six months ago? Thanks. 
Stephen B. Burke: Well, we are already starting to see some people call us and say I want to get a head of the migration and we ran a flight of advertising during the month of October to try to get the word out. Our theory now is that with everything else going on, people are going to be distracted and the people that may have acted earlier than waiting until the last minute in February, a greater percentage will wait until the last minute.  Our deal is if you get any of our other services, Internet or phone, we will give you basic video service for free. And if you want just basic video service, we will give it to you for $10 for a period of time. So we think we have a pretty attractive deal for someone who needs to do something during the transition and we think a lot of people are going to be outside of the digital footprint and they are going to have to do something if they want to keep watching those channels, and that will result in us picking up basic subscribers plus some high-speed data and phone subscribers, but I think to the degree that the economy changes things, our bet is that it just makes people distracted and they make their decisions later than they would have. 
Thomas Eagan - Collins Stewart: Right. Okay, thank you. 
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks, Tom. Operator, next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Goldberg with J.P. Morgan. 
Bryan Goldberg - J.P. Morgan: I was wondering, what percent of your digital net adds this quarter came from enhanced basic? And also, do you have an estimate of cable TV piracy in your footprint? And based upon your experiences in Chicago, is it reasonable to expect this rate to improve and if so, can you help us think about how to quantify that?
Brian L. Roberts: There is no question that when you go all digital, you reduce theft and we have had some markets where the percentage increase in expanded basic customers has been 5% or 6%. Again, its very, very early, very small sample size but it stands to reason, weve always known theres a significant amount of theft. Its not all that difficult to steal an analog signal -- much harder to steal a digital signal and go out and get a box and all those things, so I think we are anticipating some kind of a build-up due to theft reduction, and we are looking as we speak for the percentage thats enhanced digital versus paying digital. Well get that for you in a minute.  Why dont we take the next question and we can factor that in later?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Vijay Jivant] with Barclays Capital. 
Vijay Jivant - Barclays Capital: Thanks. Brian, given the current valuations across the board and in the past youve shown some interest in content assets and arguably some of those prized assets are very attractively valued. Do you think this is a time to play offense and take advantage of the strong balance sheet and do something? Or do you want to be more cautious for the foreseeable future?
Brian L. Roberts: Well, I think that we are staying focused on the business that weve got. Weve got I think a very good plan and I am pleased with all the things weve been talking about this morning, so I want to stay focused. Thats job one.  We have said previously and Mike has said, and you can weigh in here if you want, that we do want to look at opportunities to grow the company in a disciplined way and in a focused way. Our content business did quite well this quarter and through the first nine months is the fastest-growing part of the company. But theres nothing that we are working on in this environment. I dont think theres that much to really talk about, actually and we are pretty focused on the business weve got.  Mike. 
Michael J. Angelakis: I think you said it well. I mean, weve been very clear that we have sort of seven meaningful revenue streams. We want to look at everything within those seven areas. We are very focused and disciplined and we have I think pretty meaningful financial and strategic filters related to acquisitions. I would argue that the criteria for those filters have increased a bit given the environment and I think Brian summed it up pretty well. 
Brian L. Roberts: We gained 417,000 digital homes, starter was 210,000. Its kind of confusing because people moved into different tiers with advance, but 210 out of 417 is the answer to your question, Bryan. 
Marlene S. Dooner: Thank you. Thanks, Vijay. Next question, please. Operator, well make this the last question, thanks. 
Operator: Okay, the final question will come from the line of Spencer Wang with Credit Suisse. 
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse : Good morning. I just want to go back to CapEx for a quick second. It looks like Mike, you mentioned that CPE CapEx, it looks like it was down double-digits in the third quarter, down 7% I think year-to-date. Yet RGU net adds are actually growing both in the quarter and also year-to-date, so I guess that means unit costs are coming down even more. And I know Steve has talked about better unit, better procurement but is there anything else going on there in terms of how you are redeploying older equipment or the CPE you have in inventory? Thank you. 
Michael J. Angelakis: No, I dont think theres any magic to that. I think that we have done an excellent job on procurement. I think the team has done really a very strong -- have very strong relationships with our suppliers and we work with them. I think that with regard to CPE, also you are looking at product mix. So we are down, as you said -- I dont really look at the quarter per se because theres a lot of volatility going around quarter to quarter but we are down 7% year-to-date and I think thats a combination of both units as well as better procurement. 
Spencer Wang - Credit Suisse : Okay. Thank you. 
Marlene S. Dooner: Thanks, Spencer. Thank you all very much for joining us. Operator, you can go ahead and give all of the directions around repetition of this call. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. There will be a replay available of todays call starting at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time. It will run through Friday, October 31, at midnight Central Time. The dial-in number is 800-642-1687, and the conference ID number is 65905828. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the companys website beginning at 12:30 p.m. today.  This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marlene S. Dooner  Senior Vice President Investor Relations Brian L. Roberts  Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer Stephen B. Burke  Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President Michael J. Angelakis  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jessica Reif-Cohen  Merrill Lynch Craig E. Moffitt  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Benjamin Swinburne  Morgan Stanley John Hodulik  UBS Ingrid Chung  Goldman Sachs V.J. Giant  Lehman Brothers Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank Securities Brian Goldberg  JP Morgan
Operator: Welcome to Comcasts second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President Investor Relations, Marlene Dooner.
Marlene S. Dooner : Welcome everyone to our second quarter 2008 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Brian Roberts, Steve Burke and Michael Angelakis. Before we start, let me refer everybody to Slide Two which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call includes forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our press release for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. Now, for opening remarks Ill pass to Brian Roberts for his comments.
Brian L. Roberts : Weve delivered solid results in the second quarter as we continue to focus on our financial priorities and to execute well in an environment that continues to be challenging with the economy and competition. Michael and Steve will provide lots of detail on the call but, let me go through some highlights. In the second quarter apples-to-apples, we delivered revenue and OCF growth of 8%. For the first half of the year we are executing according to our plan with revenue growth of 9% and OCF growth of 10%. As revenue and units are growing more slowly, we are appropriate continuing to focus on expenses. The second quarter results include slightly higher cable margins even as we invest in marketing through businesses like CBV and business services and improving customer service. Earlier this year, I outlined our commitment to improving the customer experience end-to-end, as one of our core key initiatives for the company, and were working hard on every aspect. While its still early, were starting to see some real benefit from these efforts and today and on future calls we will continue to update you on our progress. Our second quarter capital expenditures were 20% lower than last year and we remain focused on returns and growth. Our capital budget is on track, Steve Burke called it his fighters budget but as we continue to invest to recapture bandwidth and improve reliability and enhance our products and maintain our competitive advantage, while doing all of that were still able to bring in lower capital spending. Later in the year we will begin to deploy DOCSIS 3.0 and an all digital line up to the first 20% of our cable markets. As we do that, we continue to expect to meet all of our previous targets. As a result of higher cash flow and lower capital expenditures, we delivered significant free cash flow in the second quarter of about $1.2 billion, more than triple last years amount. We also continued our program of repurchasing shares and we repurchased 48 million shares this quarter for around $1 billion. So, as I look at our position half way through the year, Im pleased with where we are. Our businesses are fundamentally strong and yet resilient. Im pleased with how we are executing. We have a strong balance sheet which is a real asset to this company particularly in this environment and we are striking the right balance to enhance shareholder value, investing in the business and new opportunities while being able to return a substantial amount of capital to shareholders. With that, let me pass it to Mike Angelakis and Steve Burke to cover the numbers and to provide an update on operations.
Michael J. Angelakis: Please refer to Slide Four which highlights our second quarter consolidated results. The second quarter reflects solid operational results in our cable programming and interactive segments as well as the consolidation of the Insight cable systems. The companys consolidated revenue increased 11% to $8.6 billion and consolidated operating cash flow grew 11% to $3.4 billion. On an apples-to-apples basis, our second quarter consolidated pro forma revenue growth was 8% and our consolidated pro forma OCF growth was 8%. Our consolidated pro forma margin for the second quarter was 39.2%, up slightly from last year. Our reported net income for the second quarter was $632 million or $0.21 per share. Year-to-date, reported net income was $1.4 billion or $0.46 per share. Year-to-date net income for both this year and last year include gains from the dissolution of our Insight in Texas/Kansas City cable partnership. These are the only adjustments and when excluded, our adjusted EPS for the quarter increased 11% and for the six months of the year, our adjusted EPS increased 14% to $0.41 per share. Free cash flow for the quarter increased 216% to $1.2 billion reflecting growth in operating cash flow and a reduction in capital expenditures from $1.6 billion in the second quarter of 07 to $1.3 billion in the second quarter of 08. Free cash flow per share increased 225% during the quarter from $0.12 in the second quarter of 07 to $0.39 in the second quarter of 08. Its important to note that our free cash flow excludes any impact on the economic stimulus package. As described on page 8 of our second quarter press release, the economic stimulus package reduced our cash taxes by $315 million for the quarter. However, for normalized comparisons we have excluded that from our free cash flow. With year-to-date pro forma revenue growth of 9% and pro forma operating cash flow growth of 10%, our results are consistent with the full year target we provided at the beginning of the year. All despite an economic environment that remains challenging. As such, we remain comfortable with our full year guidance. Lets review our revenue results in more detail so please refer to Slide Five. Pro forma cable revenue for the second quarter increased 7.2% to $8.1 billion. Our video revenue growth of 3% reflects advanced services growth and rate adjustments offset by weak pay-per-view comparisons, continued promotional activity and the effect of a larger portion of our subscriber based in bundled plans. At the end of the second quarter of eight, one out of five of our customers took all three of our products. That compares to one out of nine in the second quarter of 2007. As I mentioned, this quarters video revenue growth was negatively impacted by pay-per-view as last years second quarter included two major events that generated $33 million in revenue. Our high speed data revenue grew 10% in the quarter reflecting continued unit growth and relatively stable ARPU. We continued to gain market share and early indications continue to look favorable for our customer mix as new premium tier additions are outpacing those of our economy service by four to one. Our phone revenue increased 50% in the second quarter of 08 reflecting continued penetration of our market and growth in our CDV subscriber base. Consistent with each of the last eight quarters we added one percentage point of CDV penetration this quarter which now stands at 12.5% of homes [inaudible]. Our legacy circuit switched phone service continues to be a drag on revenue growth as phone revenue would have increased 77% year-on-year if we excluded the decline from our circuit switch business. Our business services group continues to experience healthy growth with second quarter 09 revenue of $138 million, an increase of 38% versus last year. Steven will spend more time discussing each of our services later in the call. Unfortunately, cable advertising revenue decreased 2% in the second quarter of 08, highlighting that this business area continues to feel the impact of a softer economy, particularly our local business as well as the auto and housing related categories. We did recognize some political spend this quarter which accounted for approximately two percentage points of growth. While the advertising environment continues to look soft, we expect heavier political spending in the second half of the year. As we review the programming division, this area continues to grow nicely with revenue increasing 10% to $366 million in the second quarter due to higher viewership, higher distribution and higher advertising revenue. The corporate and other category also saw strong revenue growth this quarter as we benefited from increased display and search advertising at our CIM property and incremental revenue from our Spectacor properties. Please refer to Slide Six. The companys consolidated pro forma operating cash flow increased to $3.35 billion, an increase of 8% for the second quarter. Pro forma operating cash flow for the cable division increased 7.6% to $3.36 billion. During the second quarter of 08, cables operating cash flow margin modestly increased to 41.5% from 41.3%. There are clearly some pluses and minuses impacting our overall cable margins and we are very focused on managing these leverages. For example, we continue to extract operating efficiencies in our CDV cost structure as we scaled to 5.6 million customers. Our direct cost per subscriber continued to see a meaningful decline of approximately 40% versus last year. Total direct costs related to our high speed Internet business, actual declined 5% on an absolute basis this quarter as we continue to migrate more traffic to our own network. As we mentioned last quarter, we have been very focused on bad debt expense and this metric is back to levels similar to those in last years second quarter. We also had improvements in churn across all of our product categories compared to the prior year which we believe reflects improved retention and lower move activity in the marketplace. While we are benefitting from these efforts, we continue to invest in marketing by increasing our spend by 10% in the second quarter and 15% year-to-date and we expect to continue to do so throughout the year. Another area of operational investment is in business services where expenses increased almost 70% this quarter driven by an increase in headcount, and acceleration in marketing as we continue to invest in the growth of these services. As the market evolves, we are very focused on pro-active management of our expenses and aggressively investing where appropriate. The programming divisions operating cash flow increased 17% from $75 million in the second quarter of 07 to $89 million in the second quarter of 08. Year-to-date programming operating cash flow has increased 44% from $140 million to $202 million. As we mentioned in the first quarter, we expect to see higher marketing and programming expenses in the second half of the year as we launch new programs in the fall and as such we do not expect this level of growth to remain throughout the year. Please refer to Slide Seven. Total capital expenditures for the quarter were $1.3 billion down approximately 20% compared to pro forma capital expenditures of $1.6 billion for the second quarter of 07. On a year-to-date basis, consolidated CapEX has decreased 13% from $3.1 billion to $2.7 billion. Consolidated CapEX as a percentage of revenue decreased this quarter to 15.2% from 20.6% in the second quarter of 07 and year-to-date consolidated CapEX has decreased 16.1% of revenue from 20.1% last year. We remain disciplined with our capital expenditure program and consistent with historical trends, cable capital expenditures continue to be predominantly growth oriented and are directly tied to revenue generation. As you can see on the Slide, growth CapEX was 76% of total cable CapEX for the first six months of the year. The most significant driver in this quarters CapEX decline was CPE. Given the significant number of set-top boxes deployed last year as part of our digital acceleration plan ahead of the July 1, 2007 regulatory deadline. During the second quarter we added 490,000 digital set-top boxes as compared to 2.1 million in the second quarter of 07. We are also being impacted by the economic slowdown related to the housing market as capital spent on new construction has declined 50% versus last year. These declines were somewhat offset by our continued investment in business services. The timing of CapEX will vary from quarter-to-quarter and as expected, the bulk of our bandwidth and product enhancing investments such as all digital and DOCSIS 3.0 will begin in the second half of the year. Clearly, these investments are multiyear projects that will begin in the third and fourth quarter of this year and will likely extend in to 2010. While the strategic importance of transitioning in to all digital is obvious, our initial analysis indicate that converting a market to all digital can also generate attractive financial returns under relatively conservative operating assumptions. This is an area we hope to provide more granularity on later in the year. Just to confirm, these initiatives as well as a few others are all contemplated in this years plan. We remain comfortable with our full year guidance for capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue decline to approximately 18% of revenue for 2008 from 20% in 2007. Please refer to Slide Eight. As we have said in the past, we have a disciplined financial strategy where we look to invest for growth and differentiation with a strong focus on returns on invested capital. Our strategy is supported by a sharp focus on free cash flow and giving the continued growth in our operating cash flow and lower capital expenditure we generated free cash flow of $1.2 billion this quarter. On a per share basis, we generated $0.39 of free cash flow in the quarter, an increase of 225% over the last year. Year-to-date we generated $1.9 billion of free cash flow versus $810 million last year or $0.62 per share, an increase of 138% from $0.26 per share during the first six months of last year. Remember, our definition of free cash flow remains unchanged and specifically eliminates any impact from the economic stimulus package. Free cash flow generation is a priority for the company and we are on track to achieve our full year target of at least 20% in free cash flow this year. We have also maintained a disciplined investment and acquisition strategy that returns focus incented on extending our product leadership and gross platform features of our services. Recent investments in the regional sports network, [inaudible], Plaxo, [VX] and our proposed wireless investment are all consistent with this strategy to build long term shareholder value. At the same time, we are committed to returning capital to shareholders. In the second quarter of 2008, we repurchased $1 billion of our stock reducing our shares outstanding by nearly 2%. This, coupled with the payment of our dividend back in April equates to the company returning over 100% of free cash flow to shareholders. Over the last 12 months, we have repurchased approximately 3.9 billion of our stock reducing shares by approximately 6%. As of June 30th, we have 4.9 billion remaining in our current stock repurchase plan and our goal continues to be to complete this program by the end of 09. Now, let me pas the call to Steve.
Stephen B. Burke : Half way through 2008, we are right about where we thought we would be, executing well on the plan we laid out for the year. Were going to stick with the key elements of the plan including a balanced approach with aggressive marketing, continued high speed data and telephone growth, investment in new businesses like commercial and managing operating expenses and capital to generate strong operating cash flow and free cash flow. At the beginning of the year, we said revenue growth would be in the 8% to 10% range. In the second quarter cable revenue gross was basically at the low end of that range due to difficult comps in pay-per-view, the unwinding of our circuit switch phone business and as Michael talked about, continued softness in the local advertising business. We managed expenses very well during the quarter. Now that our phone business is scaled, weve slowed down hiring and reduced contract labor which is actually down $80 million year-to-date. Weve also put a number of tools in place to increase productivity. For example, weve given over 13,000 of our technicians handheld devices and have seen productivity in our technical workforce improve by 15%. With over 5 million phone customers, our direct unit cost for providing phone service continues to decline; as Mike mentioned down approximately 40% versus last year. Capital costs are declining as well as result Tru2Way and the R&G program, our advanced set-top box costs are down over 25%. Thanks to DOCSIS 3.0 our downstream CMTS costs are 50% lower than a year ago. VOD costs are down 40% per stream. Now, moving on to individual product areas in the next Slide, during the second quarter we traditionally have had a slow quarter for basic subscribers given our footprint. We loss slightly less video customers than we expected and keep adding digital subscribers during the quarter. Digital penetration is currently at 67% and were starting to convert markets to all digital in the fourth quarter of 2008. We think our digital conversion and the countries broadcast digital transition represent opportunities for us in 2009. Free up analog capacity will also make us more competitive as a high def platform as more people convert to high def television. Moving on to high speed data, our high speed business continues to perform well with net adds equal to 82% of last years level, a comparable index to the first quarter. These results continue to suggest, as some have said, that DSL may be the new dial up. This quarter, approximately two thirds of our net adds came from DSL customers. Our ARPU has been stable as we balance premium and economy tiers. Weve been testing a 50 megabyte service in the Twin City area and plan to launch this to 20% of our systems by the end of the year using DOCSIS 3.0. Our phone business continues to do well and were on pace to add over $2 million new phone customers this year. We added less phone customers in the second quarter than the first but think this is probably due to seasonality and as you can see from the graph, were still in a very steep ramp. With phone penetration overall around 12.5% and some markets over 20%, we would anticipate many more quarters of growth ahead. Of note, we have now essentially unwound the remainder of the circuit switch business during the quarter. We inherited over $1.4 million circuit switch customers from the AT&T broadband deal and getting out of this business has been a drag on our results, were glad its behind us. Our commercial business is now growing rapidly with revenues up 38% for the quarter. This is now a $500 million plus business, getting big quickly. We have 2,500 employees and are approaching full staffing levels. Weve launched 8-line phone services across our footprint so we have the right set of products now to be fully competitive. This business is really starting to move. Were also investing in reliability and service, improving the customer experience is a key priority for the company and were working on every aspect of it from call centers to technicians to network reliability. During the last few years weve integrated 4.5 million video subscribers and launched residential phone. Now that this work is behind us we look forward to optimizing the business and improving service. As we look to the second half of 2008, well be launching two major initiatives that will position us for the future: going all digital; and DOCSIS 3.0. These initiatives will allow us to have more high def channels and faster data speeds in the future. Moving to Slide 14, as weve grown each of our businesses and added new features, our ARPU has increased from $91 in the second quarter of 2006 to $110 in the second quarter of 2008. This Slide really reflects our approach to growth. Single digit growth in vide ARPU complimented by high speed data, CDV and new digital features such as DVRs and high def. Halfway through what is a difficult year for the economy and the country, were doing well and are right on plan. When you look at our results compared to our wireline competitors, I think it speaks volumes about the strength of the cable platform and our teams ability to execute. Marlene, lets open it up for questions.
Marlene S. Dooner : Lets open the call to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen  Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif-Cohen  Merrill Lynch: I was just wondering if you could comment on the outlook for program cost growth? Weve heard from several companies who receive [inaudible] from you that theyre expecting double digit increases. Weve heard some broadcasters talking about retransmission fees. Im just wondering if you could comment on your own outlook giving the 3% video revenue growth.
Brian L. Roberts : Well, part of this is I think the revenue you have to look at is the combined package because the way were choosing to market, where were creating promotions for the consumer, which products work well in the bundle, so I personally am focused on the total $110 combined ARPU number myself. Year-over-year, thats shown good growth and quarter-over-quarter good growth. Programming costs, are always each year a little different. There are definitely some things happening in the sports area that are creating some upward momentum on price as people create more networks with different teams, or different leagues, or different colleges. And generally, I think we are comfortable that theres no create change thats going to happen on the edges, there might be some increase distributors that are going to create an opportunity for programmers to try and increase rates and weve seen that trend in years gone by. Retransmission consent continues to be an area that theres always a lot of tension around and its not my favorite public policy because I think it puts the consumer in the middle of free television and broadcast television. So, I think were going to have a pretty ability to manage that cost line. It may creep up a bit one year and creep down another year but so far this year were pretty on track.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig E. Moffitt  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.
Craig E. Moffitt  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Two questions, first Mike for you, youve described in the past a little bit a new capital budgeting process or sort of a new budgeting process with the regional business unit that pushes free cash flow responsibility out and sort of syndicates it out to the field. I wonder if you could just talk about what youve found so far in indicating that process and what your key learnings are? Then Steve, if you could comment on the companys plans for the digital TV transition and what kind of initiatives and expectations youve got in place for next February?
Michael J. Angelakis: With regards to free cash flow and CapEX, we actually have from a budgeting standpoint we sort of categorize CapEX in to three areas: maintenance; growth; and discretionary, really driven that kind of mode in to the field so people are really understanding where they are spending dollars whether its on the maintenance side or the strategic or discretionary side, or on the growth side which really needs to have a pure revenue component. Clearly, CapEX has a very meaningful impact on free cash flow and I think people in the field or throughout the company understand thats a primary focus of ours.
Stephen B. Burke : Craig, in terms of the countries digital transition, we think this is a real opportunity. Its very, very difficult to precisely determine how big the opportunity is but just to give some range, we think that theres between 6 to 8 million people that live in our footprint who currently get their television signals over the air and somewhere around 20% to 30% of those 6 to 8 million people will not be able to get digital signals over the year in our engineers estimation. So theres a number, a million, 2 million people that live in our footprint that are going to have to get satellite or cable to have connectivity to their television. In addition, the other people who can get over the air signals, the evidence suggests right now that a lot of the coupons are not be redeemed. Once somebody redeems a coupon for the antennas, youve got to go home and set it up. So, we provide, I think, a very low cost alternative for somebody to reliably get service after the transition and we have a full comprehensive marketing campaign that were going to be launching in the not too distant future to go after the opportunity. But, the sort of $64,000 question here is how many units is it going to generate? The thing I will leave it at is its going to be a substantial number of new basic customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Benjamin Swinburne  Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne  Morgan Stanley: I wanted to ask about the digital to analog converter project and the all digital shift for 2009. I know you said youll be talking more about the sort of economic benefits later in the year. But, if you look at what Cablevision saw when they went through their digital transition, some of their systems they eliminated a lot of piracy and saw a nice basic sub lift. They also obviously saw a CapEX lift. Im wondering on both of those ends, do you think theres a chance you can see basic subscriber growth by attacking that piracy issue as you convert people over to a digital platform because you can encrypt better? And, within the context of your sort of long term view that CapEX decline as a percent of sales, does that change in 09 because of the move towards all digital or does that fit in to your broader long term view on capital intensity?
Brian L. Roberts : Right now only a very small percentage of the company has actually gone all digital, weve taken parts of Chicago all digital for example. The initial results indicate that a lot of good things happen once you go all digital; good things happen in terms of theft reduction, good things happen in terms of the elimination of truck roles when you disconnect a customer because you have the ability to do that on a remote basis so, the initial results would indicate that there are good solid economic returns in addition to the benefit of getting all that analog spectrum back. As Mike mentioned, well be sharing those numbers with you but what wed like to do is start to roll out more markets which well be doing in the fourth quarter so that when we share the numbers, we have a bigger sample size. But, theres no question in my mind, theft remains a real issue for cable companies, it always has been and the digital delivery mechanism has never been hacked. And, the fact that its never been hacked and by definition its going to be harder to try and steal our service would indicate that we should get a lift in basic subs.
Stuart: Ill take the capacity intensity side. It is still our goal that as a percentage of revenue the trend goes downward and we think were able to both this year and next year manage that appropriately.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Hodulik  UBS.
John Hodulik  UBS: A couple quick questions on the video competition, it looks like you guys were able to defy the typical seasonality that we see here in the second quarter. If you just talk about some of the promotions or what you guys are doing to really defend your share in the quarter and talk about any increase there or changes in the competitive levels that youre seeing from pear Verizon in the quarter? Then lastly, with the new promotion with the Nintendo Wii if you could give us any detail on the economics there or what impact it might have on the margins.
Brian L. Roberts : Let me just start and then kick it over to Steve on the specifics of some of the marketing promotions. I think one of the things we said at the beginning of the year is that one of the goals of the company is to maintain superior products. How you communicate that to the consumer with our marketing and our messaging and different promotions is critical. I think in an age where more and more people want to use video over the Internet whether thats YouTube or now just tons, and tons of streaming video  and weve always said video is friend of Comcast over the Internet. It is going to create more broadband demand and I think its going to help differentiate what it means to have faster, more reliable speed and I think that proved out in this quarter once again. The same goes for whether its our OnDemand platform and what Steve was just talking about in our all digital plan, we have all the specifics of how were going to do it and all the possible short term benefits but longer term, having a road map without needing a rebuild that is going to give us an ability to innovate and have more creative products both for video, on the data side and on the communications front and cross platform services, it is critical that we maintain our superiority and I think thats what sort of showed through here when you compare our industry to some others.
Stephen B. Burke : In terms of the other product categories during the quarter, were spending more on marketing than we did last year and were trying to be aggressive in terms of the message that were bringing out to customers but, were also trying to be balance in terms of generating operating cash flow and free cash flow. If you look at basic subscribers, the second quarter we traditionally lost basic subscribers, we have a lot of college campuses in Florida, residents who disconnect because they go back North. But, just for reference, in 2005 we lost 95,000 subscribers in the second quarter 2006 91,000, 2007 101,000, 2008 138,000 so we think with all of the new competition on the basic subscriber front, that was pretty good performance. And, as I mentioned in the opening remarks, better than we had thought. In terms of telephone, even though we added less phone customers in the second quarter than the first, 550,000 new phone customers is a lot of customers. Were on a ramp to add over 2 million phone customers this year and that business is growing really rapidly so we feel good about that. In terms of the packaging and promotions, we launched a promotion where if you get a certain level of triple play service you get a Wii video game unit and were marketing that and were going to be pretty aggressive with that. And, were going to try to continually come up with new ways to talk to customers about our bundles and three product versus two product versus one product. I think its a very competitive world and we had a major promotion with the launch of batman that we were really proud of. So, I think what youre seeing is were stepping up our game here and we want to do it in a balanced way and I think we need to be realistic that with more competition there will be quarters where basic subs do well and basic subs dont do well. But, as a whole, I think were pretty pleased with our platform and pleased with the performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ingrid Chung  Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung  Goldman Sachs: Two quick questions if I may, the first one on business services. I think you just reported revenue up 38% year-on-year. A very strong growth rate but a tad slower than the year ago growth rate for the full year. I am just wondering if you expect this growth rate to accelerate in the second half and do you think this soft economy is helping you or hurting you. Then secondly, I was wondering about net neutrality, would you ever go to a consumption based model for broadband?
Michael J. Angelakis: Let me start with business services, I think that business is really starting to ramp and you may be looking at since the business was so much smaller, if you look at the annual growth rates but I think the speed of the ramp now, Im very pleased with. And, I mentioned on one of these calls a few quarters ago that I was getting impatient that the hiring was taking longer, everything else. Were now, in my estimation on a very, very aggressive ramp that Im very pleased with. Just to give you a range, we added close to 90,000 units in the second quarter of this year in the business space, we added 47,000 in the second quarter last year so thats a pretty rapid ramp. Whats great about this business is we now have a lot of our sales people onboard, theyve been trained and we have an 8-line phone product. Virtually, you pick what was in our footprint which was not the case just a few months. I think in my mind, the velocity of the ramp is speeding up not slowing down.
Brian L. Roberts : On the consumption based billing model for the net neutrality, as I think weve said before, we disagree with the FCCs apparent finding by three commissioners. We believe our network management choices were reasonable, consistent with industry practices and we never blocked any websites or any applications as some of the articles have suggested. In fact, todays Wall Street Journal had an interesting editorial on this raging debate that was whether this was the right path. That said, weve already said that we were going to adjust our network management techniques to go to a big more consumption based model for individual consumers. You have to manage your network to give everybody a great experience. I think almost universally, people are coming to that view from different perspectives, different network operators. I think we will continue along this road and find proper techniques that work that give many, many people a great experience and are in some ways less offensive to some for those who are offended. I think its going to be an evolution, technology changes all the time. What people are doing on the Internet changes all the time, the vast amount of quantities they consume but, net-net I think people love our product, theres a lot of trust in our product and I think thats why you see it growing as well, as Steve might have said, better than the DSL.
Operator: Our next question comes from V.J. Giant  Lehman Brothers.
V.J. Giant  Lehman Brothers: If I could, two questions. First, for Steve, you have about a quarter and a half of your dual play voice data bundle to the [inaudible] subscriber base. Can you sort of talk about any traction there how you will be addressing to get them to come on board? And, a question for Mike, on your free cash flow theres sort of an add back of $220 million of tax payment on non-operating items, can you just explain what that is?
Stephen B. Burke : On the two play bundles, right now if you look at the whole company, about 20% of our 24.5 million video customers takes all three products. Our triple play customers net-net, thats up dramatically over the last couple of years. About 55% of our customers take two products and what were finding is the two product bundles, particularly in this kind of economy, this is an area where the economy clearly impacts our business, if we can offer low price two play bundles, it seems to be getting some real traction. Really, what were doing is we have a mix of offers, there are three product offers, the Wii offer which we referred to is actually a relatively high end offer but then we have two product economy offers for people who may not be able to afford all three products or for whatever reason dont want to shift on one of the three. I think were getting better at managing the sort of spectrum of promotional offers.
Michael J. Angelakis: We can walk you through offline a little bit of the detail, but this is really a bunch of working capital items as well as taxes paid on things below the line. But, we can go through the details, its a lot of different items.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank Securities.
Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank Securities: Two questions, one for Brian, and one for Steve. Brian, you talked about the balance sheet as a terrific asset in this environment so my question is, is it an asset youre willing to use aggressively for acquisitions or does it just help everyone sleep better at night? Then for Steve, you talked about DSL being the new dial up, thats a nice catch phrase. So, are you seeing these broadband share gains continuing in to the third quarter and how do you feel about the overall broadband marketplace? Its hard to imagine the telcos are just going to take these market share gains laying down.
Brian L. Roberts : Well, I think the point that I was trying to make was that you see a lot of companies that cant access the capital markets that are having issues with the stability of their balance sheet and its impacted their business in a radical way. Thats not hopefully ever going to happen, thats something that we are very proud that we have got all our financing in place, we are generating free cash flow, we were able to use that free cash flow so I think its the strength of the balance sheet, as you put it to sleep at night. At the same time obviously theres always an opportunity to take advantage of situations and having strength that has always proved well and the way we look at new opportunities. Mike do you want to add anything there?
Michael J. Angelakis: Sure. I think what Brian is referring to is obviously were in a pretty severe credit crunch so having a strong balance sheet we think clearly is an asset. Secondly, with regards to I think where youre going Doug is on acquisitions and I think you can hear from the tone of the call today, were very focused on execution. But, as we said before, we also look at a number of acquisitions and weve made a few and I referenced a few of them in the call today with a key that well be very disciplined and were really looking to build long term shareholder value so I think thats where our head is at.
Stephen B. Burke : In term of cables relative share with DSL, if you look at whats going on now on the Internet, we had a meeting the other day where we looked at the amount of video thats being streamed on the Internet and the growth in that usage is phenomenal and in some ways that growth trend is faster than other technologies like DVRs or DVD usage or even cell phones. What I think people are finding as they use more and more bandwidth intensive applications, having half a meg or meg of down speed capacity just doesnt cut it and so I think we have a platform advantage in that were offering much higher data speeds and we plan to continue that advantage and certainly continue our business moving in the future. The main way that we intend to get very aggressive in this space really going in to 2009 is a technology called DOCSIS 3.0 which is going to allow us instead of devoting one analog channel to our high speed data business to devote three or four and instead of offering speeds at 6 or 8 megs, go to 50 or even 100 meg and do that in all of our footprint, not just in specific areas. If you look at the broadband market place, theres no question that the conversion of narrowband to broadband is slowing down because there are just less narrowband customers out there left to convert. But, theres also no question in my mind that consumers are going to go for higher data speeds when they are available and we intend really ubiquitously throughout our footprint to have very, very competitive data speeds and DOCSIS 3.0 is going to let us really shift in to another gear next year.
Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank Securities: The hope is to the extent that with the DVR box, to try to cut price to normalize that share is not going to work because the demand for video is so high right now?
Brian L. Roberts : I dont think its about price. The functionality and the use and the advantage of having a really fast Internet connection  for the last five years youve always been able to get lower speed product at $9 or $19 so that the price point I think is not the issue, I think the issue is whats the value that somebody gets and what are they using the Internet for? If you just look at your own behavior or that of your kids or friends, when youre streaming video you really want to have a fast data connection and whether its $9 or $40, if youre using it every day for an hour a day youre prepared to pay the higher price to get those kinds of speeds.
Operator: Our final question comes from Brian Goldberg  JP Morgan.
Brian Goldberg  JP Morgan: A question on your digitization efforts of the cable network. Can you share with us any important operational lessons you learned in Chicago? Was the process more or less disruptive to your customers or to your organization than you thought heading in to the process? Then secondarily, in the current economic environment have you seen any change in premium video downgrade trends.
Brian L. Roberts : The answer to the premium video downgrade trends is no, we really havent seen that. We are seeing more promotional activity on the part of consumers when they sign up. People I think are much more inclined to comparison shop and look for deals. We also have some customers which we really didnt have a year or two ago that will call us up and say, Look Im paying $120, I really need to get that number down to $90. So there is clearly an economic tangent out there but I wouldnt say were having premium customers downgrade. We continue to add set-top boxes, etc. In terms of Chicago and the experience weve had on the digital conversion, the good news is right now were coming up on 70% of our customers having digital service already and of the remaining 30% about half of those remaining 30% are what we call lifeline or B1 customers, a little less than that so really youre down to call it 15% of your base that you need to convert. For that 15% its a complicated and intrusive process. Youve got to get set-top boxes or converters in to that home and thats not without some pain. That having been said, were planning this very, very carefully, were going to be doing it node by node and weve done other things like billing conversions and upgrades that have also been intrusive and in the scheme of those things we dont think this is worse. The good news from Chicago is once we made those changes, once we took the market all digital, everything else financially has been much better than we thought since we did it. Now, that might not happen in every market but were pretty comfortable that once you go through that change, by the way were going to be giving customers more products and services after they make the digital transition, their picture quality will be better, theyll have VOD, theyll more channels, so once you get through it that coupled with the operating savings and everything economically it clearly is a good tradeoff realizing when you go through it for some people it requires a truck role and an intrusive process.
Michael J. Angelakis: Its really a re-launch of our cable operations. Its going to give us a new platform so like any of these major initiatives there will be some minority noise around customer experiences and I think were very sensitive to it, very focused on getting it right. Its going to be done gradually, well learn as we go so I dont personally think its going to be super disruptive. People who have digital today, if they have a second, third, fourth or fifth set that doesnt have digital they may want to get a box so theres going to be an opportunity. We think we have a very exciting little unobtrusive device thats much, much smaller than any box anyone has ever deployed before for people that want that just without VOD capabilities and then we have our standard box with VOD capabilities and then we have the high def box and the DVR boxes so theres going to be a suite of choices, many, many more things than what you traditionally think of coming from cable. So, I think its going to be great.
Marlene S. Dooner : Thank you all for joining us this morning.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-01 08:30:00) =====
: Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) Q1 2008 Earnings Call  May 1, 2008 8:30 am ET 
Executives: Marlene Dooner  Senior Vice President Investor Relations Brian Roberts  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Mike Angelakis  Chief Financial Officer Steve Burke  Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jessica Reif-Cohen  Merrill Lynch Benjamin Swinburne  Morgan Stanley Craig Moffett  Sanford Bernstein John Hodulik  UBS Bryan Kraft  Credit Suisse Spencer Wang  Bear Stearns Tuna Amobi  Standard & Poors Ingrid Chung  Goldman Sachs V.J. Giant  Lehman Brothers Jonathan Chaplin  J.P. Morgan 
Operator:  Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Comcasts first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator instructions) I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President Investor Relations, Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead Ms. Dooner.
Marlene Dooner:  Thank you operator and welcome everyone to our first quarter 2008 earnings call. Joining me on the call today are Brian Roberts, Steve Burke and Michael Angelakis. Before we start, let me refer everybody to slide number 2 which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our press release for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. And now for opening remarks, Ill pass to Brian Roberts for his comments. Brian.
Brian Roberts:  Thanks Marlene and good morning everyone. Im pleased that were off to such a good start to mark the first quarter results and the beginning of 2008. We made several changes since the end of last year and youll hear great detail from Steve and Mike about them. But taken in total, Comcast delivered healthy growth across almost every metric. That includes revenue, operating cash flow and free cash flow growth. We also had a very strong quarter for unit additions, particularly in high speed internet where we added 492,000 subscribers and Comcast digital voice where we added 639,000 new customers in the quarter. In our last earnings call, we laid out financial priorities and we described a number of steps that we were taking to drive performance in a challenging economic and increasingly competitive environment. And this first quarters performance demonstrates that this operating strategy is working and we are confident that our outlook for 2008 is quite achievable. We are striking the right balance, focused on profitable growth while at the same time continuing to make investments in our network and in our products to improve our customers experience. We believe this is absolutely critical to the customer value proposition, of our competitive advantage and the best way to create long term shareholder value. In the quarter we also continued to deliver on our commitment to return capital to shareholders. We invested $1 billion and repurchased 2% of our shares outstanding in the quarter. And on April 30, we made our first dividend payment of $185 million. The combination of strong free cash flow growth and continuing buybacks resulted in free cash flow per share of $0.23, up 64% from last year. Over the last 12 months, we have bought back approximately $3.6 billion of our stock and we are on track to buyback the remaining $5.9 billion under our share repurchase program by year end 09. So in the first quarter we executed strongly against every one of our goals, we remained laser focused on continuing to do that throughout the rest of the year. And with that, let me take you deeper with Mike Angelakis and Steve Burke to cover the numbers and to provide an update on our operations. Mike.
Mike Angelakis  Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Brian. Please refer to slide 4 which highlights our first quarter consolidated results. The first quarter results are in line with our expectations and are driven primarily by strong operational results in our cable and our programming segments as well as the consolidation of the Insight Cable System. The companys consolidated revenue increased 14% to $8.4 billion and consolidated operating cash flow grew 15% to $3.2 billion. However, on an apples-to-apples basis, our consolidated pro forma revenue growth was 10.3% and our consolidated pro forma operating cash flow growth was 11.5%. Our reported net income for the first quarter was $732 million or $0.24 per share. Reported results for both this year and last year include gains from the dissolution of our Insight and Texas-Kansas City partnerships. Excluding these gains, our adjusted earnings per share increased 12% to $0.19 per share. Free cash flow for the quarter increased 59% to $702 million, reflecting higher operating cash flow and slightly lower capital expenditures of $1.4 billion. With pro forma cable revenue growth of 9.8% and pro forma cable operating cash flow growth of 9.3%, our first quarter results were consistent with our expectations. A significant portion of the quarters positive variance in our consolidated results was generated from other segments, particularly programming, which was not only benefitted from improved viewership trends, but also from the timing of some marketing and programming expenses. It is early in the year, the environment is challenging, were about to head into the seasonally slow period for our business. Nevertheless, we remain comfortable with our full year guidance and are pleased with our first quarter results. Lets review our revenue results in more detail, please refer to slide 5. Pro forma cable revenue for the first quarter of 08 increased 9.8%, $7.9 billion. Our growth in the quarter reflects solid unit growth in high speed data and CDV. Video revenue growth of 5% reflects price increases, offset by continued promotional activity and the affect of a larger portion of our subscriber base in bundled plans. In the first quarter of 2008, 18% of our customers are now in the triple play bundle. High speed data revenue grew 12% in the quarter, reflecting strong unit additions and stable ARPU on a sequential basis. Phone revenue increased 65% reflecting strong unit growth. However, phone revenue would have increased 110% if we excluded the decline from our circuit switched business. With 66,000 circuit subscribers remaining, we expect to be essentially out of that business by the end of the second quarter. We are also starting to see traction in business services, with first quarter 08 revenue of $120 million, up 37% versus last year. Steve will spend more time discussing each of the products later in the call.  Cable advertising revenue increased 6% in the quarter, however there was an additional week in this quarters results as well as an increase in political dollars. If you adjust for the additional week and exclude political, revenue would have decreased approximately 5% for the quarter, highlighting the fact that this business continues to feel the impact of a softer economy, particularly in the auto and housing related categories. The programming division continues to show strong momentum as revenue increased 20% to $363 million in the first quarter due to higher viewership, higher distribution revenue and higher advertising which also included an additional week. Comcast interactive media, which falls into the corporate and other category, also saw strong revenue growth this quarter, particularly driven by the Fandango acquisition, but also a result of increased revenue from search and display advertising. Please refer to slide 6. The companys consolidated pro forma operating cash flow increased to $3.2 billion, an increase of 11.5% for the quarter. Pro forma operating cash flow for the cable division increased a healthy 9.3% to $3.1 billion which was slightly less than the 9.8% growth reported on the top line. Therefore, our first quarter 08 cable operating cash flow margin modestly decreased to 39.7% from 39.9%. The principle drivers of the slight margin contraction were our anticipated increase in marketing, given the solid results in our unit growth, we would expect to continue to invest in marketing throughout the year. Another area is our continued investment in business services, which also negatively impacted margins this quarter. Total business services expenses nearly doubled this quarter, driven by an increase in headcount and an acceleration in marketing for this recently launched service. We are also investing more to improve the overall customer experience, including both in customer service and in our technical operations. Despite these increases, we continue to see benefits of our scale on the cost side of our business. For example, we are extracting operating efficiencies in our CDV cost structure and our direct cost per subscriber continues to decline. While we are still operating in a challenging economic and competitive environment, we believe several operating strategies we implemented are beginning to yield positive results. For example, we saw a marked improvement in bad debt expense, particularly compared to the third and fourth quarters of last year, driven by higher use of credit screening and behavioral scoring. Bad debt as a percentage of revenue was roughly the same level in this quarter as it was in the first quarter last year. We are also experiencing some improvements in churn. And while churn across most of our products is still slightly higher than year ago levels, our strategy is working, resulting in sequential improvements from the second half of 2007. As I mentioned, our programming division was a meaningful contributor to this quarters consolidated operating cash flow growth, s\as the programming divisions OCF increased 76% from $65 million in the first quarter of 07 to $113 million this quarter. In addition to strong programming revenue growth, programming operating cash flow also benefitted from a delay in some marketing spend as the timing of several new programming launches are now scheduled for later in the year. We continue to be very pleased with the program divisions continued growth. However, this was a particularly strong [crop] quarter and though we expect the programming division results to remain strong, we would not expect this level of growth to continue throughout the year. Please refer to slide 7. As you can see, we are building on the increased disclosure for capital expenditures that we provided in our fourth quarter earnings presentation. In both this slide and the press release, we have taken historical capital expenditure categories and allocated them into either growth, maintenance or discretionary areas. As I discussed last quarter, we believe this better reflects how we manage our capital allocation. Total capital expenditures for the quarter were $1.4 billion, down approximately 4% compared to pro forma capital expenditures of $1.5 billion for the first quarter of 07. Consolidated cap ex as a percentage of revenue decreased this quarter to 17.1% from the 19.6% in the first quarter of 07. The timing of cap ex will vary from quarter to quarter and as such, we remain comfortable with our full year guidance for cap ex as a percentage of revenue declining to approximately 18% for 2008 from the 20% in 2007. Consistent with historical trends and our expectations, cable capital expenditures continued to be predominately growth oriented and directly tied to revenue generation. During the quarter we added approximately 900,000 digital set-top boxes, approximately 75% which were for advanced digital services such as high-def and or DVRs. The total number of boxes deployed in this quarter was slightly lower than last year. Please remember, in the first half of last year, particularly in the second quarter, we were accelerating our deployment of digital boxes ahead of the July 1, 2007 regulatory deadline. However, capital spent on CPE increased by approximately $50 million this quarter, reflecting an increase in the average cost per set-top box due to the higher cost of cable cards and separable security. In addition, we added 639,000 CDV customers during the same time frame, with CDV related equipment being the second most expensive component of CPE. Please refer to slide 8. Given the continued growth in our operating cash flow and the stable allocation of our capital expenditures, we generated strong free cash flow of $702 million this quarter, an increase of 59% over last year. On a per share basis, we generated $0.23 of free cash flow in the quarter, an increase of 64% over last year. In fact, our free cash flow would have been $100 million higher except for a onetime payment for long term programming rights, which for accounting purposes, impacted free cash flow but had a de minimis impact on operating cash flow. Free cash flow generation is clearly a priority for the company and we are on track to achieve our full year target of at least 20% growth in free cash flow this year. As we mentioned many times, we also remain committed to continuing to return capital to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and our newly established dividend.  In the first quarter we repurchased $1 billion of our stock, reducing our shares outstanding by nearly 2%. This equates to the company returning 142% of free cash flow to shareholders in the first quarter. Over the last 12 months, we repurchased approximately $3.6 billion of our stock, reducing shares by more than 5% and returning 137% of our free cash flow to shareholders. Additionally, we paid a quarterly dividend on April 30, totaling $185 million or $0.0625 per share. As of March 31, we had $5.9 billion remaining in our current stock repurchase plan with a goal of completing this program by the end of next year. When you factor in the buyback and the dividend commitments, our return of capital targets equate to over $8.4 billion by the end of 2009 or a total of $16.4 from 2005 through 2009. At the same time, we remain focused on maintaining our investment grade rating as our financial strength is a critical asset in these difficult credit and competitive markets. So while we are pleased with our first quarter result, its still early in the year and we are about to enter the traditionally slower period. Nevertheless we remain confident about our full year guidance as we believe our targets are realistic and achievable. Now let me pass the call to Steve.
Steve Burke:  Thanks Mike. Zeroing in on the cable business, were pleased with our results in the first quarter. I think it was a solid quarter and a very good start to 2008. We made a number of adjustments in our business plan at the end of 2007 and the good news is theyre working. Weve moved to a more aggressive marketing plan, we have new packaging with double and single play offers. Were targeting by geography and competitor more than we were before and weve improved our credit and collections procedure. As we continue to execute on this plan, were also working to ensure success beyond 2008. As slide 10 shows, our business plan contemplates investing in a number of initiatives to extend our competitive advantage. The first is bandwidth reclamation which for us primarily means converting to an all digital platform. The idea is to capture over 40 analog channels and use that capacity for more high-def local channels and faster internet speed. Were beginning this reclamation process this year and we should start to take all digital migration in about 20% of our systems by the end of this year. Our primary near term capacity tool is this all digital conversion but were still testing switch digital and believe it will play a significant role in our future. Were increasing our VOD capacity as well and should have 1,000 high-def choices in most systems by the end of this year and eventually we will roll out project infinity which is our code word for having a massive amount of video stored in our VOD servers. As we recapture bandwidth, well roll out DOCSIS 3.0 which is our way of increasing high speed data speeds to up to 100 Meg. Weve launched this wide band product in the twin cities and plan to launch in about 20% of the country during this year. We think this is very important because about two-thirds of our net adds during the first quarter came from DSL and we think with wideband and DOCSIS 3.0, we have an opportunity to gain share with this increased speed. Were continuing to invest in the commercial business and this investment is starting to payoff. As Mike mentioned, our revenue increased 37% in commercial services in the first quarter. Were also very optimistic about the future of interactive advertising and have launched a venture with the other MSOs to exploit this opportunity on an industry wide basis. Moving to units and slide 11, in the first quarter we lost 57,000 basic subscribers and gained 494,000 digital subscribers. Video revenue grew about 5% during the quarter. Our basic subscriber performance varied significantly by geographic area with many regions posting gains and some in particularly competitive areas posting losses. Our digital penetration hit 65% in this quarter, so were well positioned to start to take more markets all digital. 450,000 of our digital subscribers added advanced services this quarter, either high-def or DVR and we generate good returns on these services. As a final point on video, in addition to recapturing bandwidth, we also think that as the country moves to all digital in terms of the broadcast business, this could create a real opportunity for us to gain new customers. There are over 8 million people in our footprint that dont have cable or satellite and receive their broadcast signals over the air. Many of these people have analog sets and are going to need to do something and we think we provide a very efficient and attractive option for these people. Moving on to high speed data on slide 12, we had a very strong quarter with 492,000 net adds. Our high speed data penetration is now over 28% and this business keeps growing nicely. Our DSL conversion rate continues to grow as well. 68% of our new high speed data customers this quarter came from DSL, up from 55% in the first quarter of 2007. Our new double play and economy packages are working well. The economy tier is making the phones ring and two out of three callers take our flagship service when they call about our economy product. Were also seeing real traction with our higher speed Blast service. In fact, more people take Blast than economy and we think were getting the mix of our high speed data services right. Looking ahead, we think there is plenty of growth left in our high speed data business. Were particularly excited about DOCSIS 3.0 and the ability to shift share from DSL and we speeds that are 5-10 times faster than competition. As the next slide shows, we had another strong quarter for our telephone business. Were now the number four phone company in the country and have over 5 million customers which is a great result considering that we really launched this business just nine quarters ago. Our penetration is now 11.5% and as this graph shows, weve consistently added over one penetration point per quarter for our phone business and obviously if we keep this up we should be over 20% penetration in the next couple years. As this business grows, were making good progress taking cost out of the business. As Mike mentioned, our direct costs are declining. In fact, they declined 40% during the quarter versus the quarter a year ago and we think theres room for further efficiencies. Today about 18% of our total video customers now take all three of our products, which is double the 9% that were triple play customers last year at this time. Later this year we have some exciting new product enhancements for our phone service and we think the momentum on this business should continue for some time to come. Moving to slide 14, as weve grown each of our businesses and added new features, our ARPU has increased from $87.00 in the first quarter of 06 to $107.00 in the first quarter of 08. To sum up, were off to a strong start in 2008, the adjustments we made to reflect the challenging environment seem to be working well. Were focused on balanced growth and increasing RGUs and also generating good increases in OCF and free cash flow. Our results for the first quarter make us confident that our full year targets are both realistic and achievable. With that, let me pass back to Marlene for some questions.
Marlene Dooner:  Thanks Steve. Operator please provide us with the instructions for Q&A.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen  Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif-Cohen  Merrill Lynch: Two questions, one, could you be a little bit more specific about how much youve changed your marketing dollars and what your plans are for the rest of the year and what the message is, so just a little bit more on marketing. And second, Mike could you just talk a little bit about your target leverage and what you might do with excess financial capacity, whether its acquisitions or areas of investment.
Steve Burke:  Marketing was up about 20% in the first quarter and we have a variety of messages going out. We have a campaign called more, more, more which really highlights the fact that we have a lot more high-def programming that people really want on our VOD servers. Were also doing a superiority messaged called the Slowskys on high speed data. And increasingly were doing double and single play promotional offers. So its really a mix of all three but were spending about 20% more than last year.
Mike Angelakis:  I think weve said numerous times, our target leverage is really between 2.5-3 times. We really want to maintain our investment grade ratings. And when you look at sort of this year and next year and the commitments weve made regarding the dividend and the buyback, we will be a net borrower just in terms of the dividend and the buyback which we think is pretty aggressive. So any additional investment we make, we will still have to add on in terms of borrowings.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Benjamin Swinburne  Morgan Stanley.
Benjamin Swinburne  Morgan Stanley:  Steve, as you move towards all digital or starting to roll out all digital towards the end of this year, could you talk about the set-top box plans, what you think relative to the current separable security, I think its $100-$125 set-top, what do you plan to go to market with on that front?  And any update in terms of timing, when that might be ready. And then a little more on the double play, Id be curious how much of your footprint are you out there marketing that product and whats the success level in terms of up selling people to sort of higher tiers as you roll that out?
Steve Burke:  Let me start with the second question first, in terms of the double play, thats essentially everywhere and it varies by market in terms of how its expressed and how heavily as a percentage of the total marketing mix the double play represents. But its pretty much everywhere. And roughly half the time when someone calls in for a double play, we get that person to buy up and buy more than just the offer that is being advertised, which we think is a good percentage. In terms of the all digital plan, itll be a mix of existing boxes and then starting in the fourth quarter, a reliance on something that were calling the DTA which is a digital to analog box, a very simple inexpensive box that costs less than half of what our low end boxes have traditionally cost. And well be rolling that out pretty aggressively in the fourth quarter. What we said is were going to begin the rollout in 20% of our markets during 2008 and then do a lot more markets in 2009.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Craig Moffett  Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett  Sanford Bernstein:  Question for Steve, youre taking about 11 times as many phone subscribers right now as you lost video subscribers, about 9 times as many broadband subscribers, both of those are much higher margin businesses than video. I know youre reinvesting in commercial but can you talk about where you think the margins in this business might go over the longer term as the commercial business starts to equilibrate with its longer term margin trends and the marketing has sort of reached its steady state for you.
Steve Burke:  That is the way we look at it in terms of the amount of phone customers versus video. Obviously we would like to gain video customers every quarter. I think with the competitive situation being what it is, that is not going to happen or at least not likely to happen unless some extraneous event occurs like the countrys digital transition in February of next year. But to us, if we lose 57,000 basic subscribers and gain 630,000 phone subscribers or 490,000 high speed data subscribers, thats a pretty good trade off.  I think theres no question the broadband business has a higher margin. I think if you fully load up phone, you could argue at this point in time whether thats higher or lower margin than video. But the real answer on margins I think is that theres so many things going on in the marketplace right now, we mentioned were increasing our marketing spend, were doing new kinds of promotional offers, were trying to react to different type of competitive factors.  And therefore we dont really see or at least I dont really see any major expansion in margin even though we may be getting into some businesses that have higher margin prospects. I do think theres a pretty good chance our margin for this year will end up being higher than our margin was in the first quarter, thats the typical pattern. That happened last year and that happens most years in the cable business.  But the notion that because were getting into higher margin businesses, the overall blended margin of the company is going to grow dramatically, I dont think that is likely to occur.
Brian Roberts:  Let me add one other point, the way that I take your point on the tremendous disparity between wins and losses in terms of units, I look at it another way. Rather than focusing on margin, I think you should look at how were delivering multiple products and that weve been able to diversify the revenue stream.  So this is not about basic video anymore, the real goals as we put the marketing plans together back to the first question about how were looking at marketing, how we adjust it from the second half of last year to the beginning of this year, thats whats been able to take ARPU from $96.00 per average customer up to $107.00 in the last 12 months. And I view that as a pretty bullish statistic to be looking at in terms of your future prospects.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Hodulik  UBS.
John Hodulik  UBS:  Looks like you guys took some real flow share on the broadband side, can you talk about what the drivers were behind that, was it the marketing spend do you think or what kind of contribution did you get from the double play? Also, are there any sort of early insights into the DOCSIS 3.0 rollout in Minneapolis?
Steve Burke:  In terms of DOCSIS 3.0 and Minneapolis, I think its really too early to tell. Were still at the stage where were making sure that the technical side is working and were not as aggressive as we could be with that product. In terms of high speed data net adds, I think it was a lot of different things.  The first thing that really struck me is the fact that 67-68% of our net adds came from DSL and that number is up from last year and that number continues to climb and so what youre seeing I think is a number of people going form dial up to DSL on a one year or two year basis, promotional basis and get frustrated with the fact that speeds are slower than cable and then come to cable.  So thats the overarching good trend and we want to put our foot on the accelerator and accelerate that trend with DOCSIS 3.0. The second thing is we launched this economy tier which allows us to compete and have a price in the market thats much closer to DSL traditional pricing, and thats working really well.  And whats happening there is that were getting, the phones are ringing and again its very similar to the double play going to triple play, the phones ring and half or two-thirds of the time, you can get the person whos calling to go into a higher level package.  So the economy tier I think is doing its job well. And interestingly, we have a product called Blast which is a faster product than our flagship and Blast subscriptions are dramatically outpacing economy. So we think we have the right trade off there. And then the final thing is marketing, were doing more single product messaging with the Slowsky turtles about high speed data than we were a year ago.  So all of those factors are what caused our high speed data number to be higher than I think most people thought it would be.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Bryan Kraft  Credit Suisse.
Bryan Kraft  Credit Suisse: Can you talk specifically about the customer service and field initiatives youve implemented over the last couple of quarters and what impact have they had on some of the key metrics that you use to measure performance in those functions. And just following on that, can you also talk about how much of your call center resources are onshore versus offshore and I you think theres an opportunity to improve service and or reduce costs by increasing the offshore part of that mix?
Brian Roberts :  One of our priorities that we laid out at the beginning of the year was to begin an overall program to improve the customer experience, its not just where the calls are answered or answering calls, because actually I think were doing pretty well, making progress on that part. Its network reliability, its the end-to-end experience the customer, each individual customer gets and what the individual service they get and their feeling about that.  And it also has a lot to do with the work volumes, because we added 15,000 employees in the last 12 months or so or 18 months and getting the training and getting people settled in. And I think weve made some good progress. Its early in the year, I think all the statistics that we review constantly are all in the network engineering teams are doing a great job, weve made lots of changes and improvements to our internal way of operating, that is a lot of detail behind that.  We, as you know, do something in excess of 300 million phone transactions a year and truck rolls and everything else. I think we are very focused on this and Im pleased at a big picture level that its beginning to take hold. Part of it is simply having ramped up from as Steve said 5 million phone customers from a standing start in a little over 2.5-3 years, that created a lot of work and now weve caught up to ourselves. We still are adding a lot of units, but the machine is functioning quite well. Steve.
Steve Burke:  Just to add, some of the metrics we look at in terms of reliability and service are getting much better. And note health, which is the percentage of notes which are healthy, note health is much better. Our contact rate, the number of our customers that contact us on a monthly or quarterly or annual basis is starting to come down. It had been climbing as we launched the phone business.  And then churn on a sequential basis is down for all of our products. So those are the type of things I think that sort of put facts behind all the good initiatives and the good efforts that were making to improve reliability.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Spencer Wang  Bear Stearns.
Spencer Wang  Bear Stearns: Just two quick questions, the first is commercial cap ex I think roughly doubled year over year in the first quarter, is that roughly the right rate of growth we should expect for the balance of the year? And Mike, my question for you, I think you alluded to a $100 million programming investment that impacted free cash flow in the quarter but didnt hit the P&L, can you just give us a little bit more color on what that was? 
Mike Angelakis:  On the commercial cap ex, I think where we are in the first quarter is a good indication of what each quarter will look like. Clearly cap ex will have some lumpiness and variation but I think its a good indication. With regards to free cash flow, sort of an accounting aspect, we paid $100 million for a very long term programming rights transaction.  Our free cash flow definition actually has that $100 million negatively impacting free cash flow for this quarter, where really that rights deal is amortized over a long period which is 25 years. So it is a bit of a onetime hit and I just thought it was important that folks recognized that free cash flow, though it performed well on a little bit of an apples-to-apples basis, performed even a little bit better.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tuna Amobi  Standard & Poors.
Tuna Amobi  Standard & Poors:  My first question is on the wideband rollout, I think Steve mentioned the twin cities, I wanted to get a sense of what the trends there are, what the business plan that you have for the wider rollout of wideband and what kind of economics that we can expect from that product as you roll it out. And separately also on project infinity, my presumption is that the majority of initiative there is going to be on [adversible] advertising, so I wanted to get a little bit more sense of how you can quantify that upside.  And related to that, are you planning any e-commerce initiatives around that project infinity as you continue to ramp that up. Where do you see the opportunity from e-commerce on that platform going in addition to the advertising component?
Steve Burke:  On the DOCSIS 3.0 rollout, its too early to really tell whats going on in the twin cities. We are very optimistic that DOCSIS 3.0 and the ability to offer 50 meg or even more in terms of speeds is really going to be a very big competitive advantage for the whole cable industry but Comcast in particular. And our plan is to roll DOCSIS 3.0 or equip systems for DOCSIS 3.0 in about 20% of the company, might be a little higher.  And the economics of DOCSIS 3.0 are very attractive because actually the equipment, the CMTS equipment in the head ends for a certain amount of capacity is less expensive than the existing equipment. So to the degree that youre rolling out capacity, DOCSIS 3.0 capable equipment is really a very good investment.  And then the customer premises equipment, the EMTAs and cable modems will cost a little bit more in the beginning but its not a big number. And what really is important to us is the ability to get hundreds of thousands of more customers from DSL because were going to have those speeds. 
Brian Roberts : On project infinity, we really have two projects and you might be linking them a little bit. One is interactive advertising, e-commerce, we call that project canoe, so we have a lot of names.  And project infinity is really designed to say, taking that new wideband platform that you asked about and Steve just described, coupled with the storage costs and server capacities and all that coming down, over the next couple years, are we going to be in a position to be able to credibly make the claim that you can go to any video you want on your television set or you PC, the best way to get it is through Comcast.  And so product superiority I think is something that we have to maintain, something that we have as of now and that is why I think we had the kind of quarter we had, I think thats part of the marketing answer. And I think as we create those platforms and people begin to interact more and more with their television, as they now do with their PC, it puts us in a position to deliver an advertising platform and an e-commerce platform that across the industry, not just Comcast, that will allow for targeted ads.  And the work that were doing on the infrastructure side, getting the industry banded together, getting to 1,000 high-def choices, having VOD server capacity, standardizing the platform, all that is in the cap ex numbers that youre seeing and in the plumbing side of the business and I think in my opening remarks you know its that duality of here and now, what are the results, coupled with how do we stay focused on product superiority.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ingrid Chung  Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung  Goldman Sachs: A couple of quick questions, the first on your wireless strategy. I think there was some speculation in the press that there was a potential JV between Sprint, Clearwire and the cable companies. It seems that an announcement has been somewhat delayed, I was wondering what kind of hurdles there would be to that sort of JV.  And is that indeed your wireless strategy? And then secondly, on day and date, Time Warner said yesterday that theyre very excited about rolling out Warner Brothers content, day and date VOD with DVD. I was just wondering if you were going to be rolling that out nationwide and if youve seen other studios do the same thing.
Brian Roberts : On wireless theres really not much that we can say on any market speculation. But what I think we can say is that really our focus has not changed. Weve consistently said that we dont believe we have a competitive disadvantage today in the cell phone business and the text messaging business. Really our focus is down the road, should we and will we be wanting to be in a position that we can extend services outside of the home, create new features that integrate that are compelling to the consumer.  And to that end weve hired some folks to help us in our wireless thinking and navigating through the variety of options that we continually get thrown our way but that were going to be very disciplined and capital efficient, try to come up with structures if we do something that will make a lot of sense. And beyond that I dont think theres much we can say.
Steve Burke:  So on day and date, weve been having day and date with the majority of studios in three of our markets representing somewhere around 10% of our company for the last 18 months or so, maybe two years. We think the Warner Brothers move is really a smart one for Warner Brothers and its completely supported by the research that weve done in terms of what happens in a market when a studio releases films on a day and date basis. Its more accretive to the profitability of that films windowing.  And were hoping other studios follow, I think there are a number of studios taking a wait and see approach. But it really makes sense I think to give people what they want when they want it, so theres an inevitability in the air in terms of day and date and were really happy Warner Brothers took the step they did.
Operator:  Your next question comes from V.J. Giant  Lehman Brothers.
V.J. Giant  Lehman Brothers:  First for Steve, can you talk about the philosophy on this new D to A strategy, from what Ive read it seems that while its a low cost solution and maybe a good way to digitize networks, theres limitations on the ability to up sell, given I think its a one way component. So could you talk about how that sort of fits into your broader way of improving efficiency on the network.  And for Mike, very quickly on the government stimulus package, you mentioned something in your press release, was there any benefit in the quarter or is there something coming for the rest of 08?
Steve Burke:  On the D to A philosophy, I think its important to remember that were over 65% digital with two way boxes today and that number, the 65% is going to go up. So when we start taking markets to all digital, well be, call it 70% in most markets. And then of the remaining 30%, theres a portion of those people who have lifeline service and those people are not going to get any digital coverage because the channels that well be reclaiming they dont receive.  So the percentage of people that were talking about because we and everybody else in the industry have put so many boxes out has gotten fairly small. In many of the remaining homes, we are going to put two way boxes into those homes if we believe for a variety of reasons that makes sense. But the D to A boxes, to get the cost down, youre correct, those are one way boxes, they have no guide, they have no ability to access VOD. But we think theyre perfect for additional outlets for someones third television set in the kitchen.  We also think theyre perfect for someone who says look, I just want my television channels, I really dont want VOD, I really dont want to subscribe to HBO or Stars or Showtime. So for cost reasons, for many customers, we think those D to A devices make sense.
Mike Angelakis:  With regard to the stimulus package, theres absolutely no impact in the stimulus package in the first quarter. We will begin to see an impact in the second quarter and the rest of the year as really the stimulus package allows us to reduce cash taxes.  What were going to do next quarter and beyond is articulate exactly what that impact is so that number one you can see the transparency of the stimulus package as well as were keeping our free cash flow definition on an apples-to-apples basis. So we will begin to show that next quarter.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Jonathan Chaplin  J.P. Morgan.
Jonathan Chaplin  J.P. Morgan: I was wondering if you could give us a comment on what youre seeing in the pay TV category and from a subscriber perspective. So we saw very strong subscriber adds from the Bells, we saw a growth in basic from Time Warner Cable yesterday and actually better than expected basic trends from you guys this morning. Is it because you are marketing more effectively against satellite or is there an improvement in growth in the overall category? Any color on that.
Steve Burke:  Well I think with the housing market the way it is, its in my opinion unlikely that the overall pay market is increasing. I dont know, there might be people who would differ with that opinion, but that would be my sense. I do think whats happening and I can really only speak for Comcast is that when the economy started to weaken we had a number of variables in our business three or six months ago that weve now made adjustments to address.  And so credit and collections were doing differently, more flexibly than we were, this is a very price sensitive tie I think in the pay television business and youve got to be very careful how you manage that, manage your offers, increase marketing I think is important when you have competitors that are marketing.  So I look at the trends that improve for us this quarter as being a result of the adjustments we made three or six months ago. The good news is when you make ten adjustments to a business and nine of ten of them work, and you see that in the marketplace, it makes you confident that you got it right and thats how we feel now.
Brian Roberts:  I just want to conclude by saying I think were off to a solid start, we will continue to stay focused on getting that balance right that Steve just talked about and the question implies which is how much on video, how much on other products. Weve been spending a lot of time on product superiority, I think thats taking hold, order operating efficiencies and returning capital to shareholders. So well talk to you soon. Marlene, thank you for a good call.
Marlene Dooner:  Thank you all for joining us this morning.
Operator:  Thank you for participating in Comcasts first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. There will be a replay available of todays call starting at 11:30 am EST. It will run through Monday, May 5, at Midnight EST. The dial in number is 800-642-1687 and the conference ID number is 39992756. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the companys website beginning at 12:30 pm today. This concludes todays teleconference, thank you for participating, you may all disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-14 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Roberts - Chairman and CEO Steve Burke - EVP, President and COO Michael Angelakis - CFO and Treasurer Marlene Dooner - SVP, Investor Relations
Analysts: Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Jeff Wlodarczak - Wachovia Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2007 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Marlene Dooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you operator, and welcome everyone to our fourth quarter and year-end 2007 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Brian Roberts, Steve Burke, and Michael Angelakis. Before we start, let me refer everybody to slide number two, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and to also remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our press release for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to our GAAP. And now for opening remarks I will pass you to Brian Roberts for his comments, Brian.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marlene, and good morning everyone. I'd like to begin with slide 3. Over the last few years we have successfully transformed Comcast from a cable company into a new products company that utilizes one infrastructure to deliver a growing number of products. As a result, 2007 was another year of strong growth in revenue, operating cash flow and earnings, and a record year for new subscriptions RGUs. And while the year had its challenges in the second half, we are confident that we are taking the right steps to maximize the growth potential of our business. To that end, as we started 2008, we laid out an exciting new product road-map for Comcast's future. This next generation strategy is based on leveraging our existing state-of-the-art fiber network to create new products that are differentiated in future innovations that will keep Comcast ahead. With the integration of our acquisitions now behind us, and our phone business scaling nicely, we are looking forward to delivering free cash flow growth in excess of 20%. We are also sharpening our focus to deliver profitable growth, while continuing to make important investments which enhance our competitive position, and significantly increasing the pace at which we return capital to shareholders. We are confident that these steps and others, position us well to continue to grow our business and to generate attractive shareholder returns over the long-term.  Before we get into a deep dive on the 2007 results and 2008 guidance, let me take a moment and highlight two key areas for today's call.  First, as we review our performance in '07, Steve will discuss how we think the economy and the competitive landscape impacted our business in the later part of the year. He will also review a number of steps we've already taken to respond to these conditions. I think this will provide an important context for our 2008 outlook, which incorporates those plans, as well as the trends we are seeing in the market today. In addition, I will review and Mike will detail our capital allocation priorities including our accelerating return of capital to shareholder with today's announcement of dividend and an accelerated stock buy-back. Turning to slide 4, in 2007 we made significant progress in each of our differentiated best-in-class products. This helped us to continue to successfully diversify our revenue streams. In 2007, about 43% of our revenues came from services other than our traditional cable television service. That's up significantly from the 32% of revenue they contributed just 5 years ago. New non-video services are also the drivers of growth, growing on average at twice the rate of video, and representing more than 65% of our revenue growth last year. These products are far from mature and should help our growth for many years to come. Each of our services Video, Voice, and Data has an exciting product roadmap and is on a path to benefit from significant technology advances in the next few years. Let me quickly describe what I mean. In digital, we continue to rollout advance digital video services like HD DVRs, and we are committed to delivering truly superior high-definition television and unmatched interactive TV. For High-Def that means nearly 300 choices today, growing to over 1000 HD choices for virtually every Comcast High-Def customer by the end of this year. Next, we are working on a new architecture that will let us offer every month over 6000 movies on-demand to our customers; more than 3000 of them in high-definition. In fact, this new architecture paced away for our ultimate vision of what ON DEMAND can be. We call it Project Infinity. With Project Infinity, we planned to give our customers exponentially more content choices delivered instantaneously to the TV. That means we want to provide every piece of video content that a producer wants to put on television. We can have a movie, a television show, any conceivable kind of video, and we are going to expand our relationships with all kinds of content creators large and small. We can work with whatever business model makes sense for them, whether it's free, Ad supported, subscription-based, or pay-per-view. Our goal with Project Infinity is to give Comcast's customers the best content and the most On-Demand content they will find anywhere.  In High-Speed Data, we have DOCSIS 3.0 which is wideband, and it will start being offered to millions of our 48 million homes later this year. Wideband represents a quantum-leap in what speed will mean to consumers; 100 megabits or more, and literally a whole new platform for innovation in the years ahead. And in Comcast Digital Voice we have strong momentum and a brand new all IP network, which allows us to begin to offer new features in the second half of this year. And having set up the foundation for our commercial business in 2007, we are now ready to ramp it in 2008, just as we begin to invest to build the next opportunity, interactive and targeted advertising. So, there seems like lots of diversified growth opportunities in the years ahead. And finally we are committed to continuing to improve our end-to-end service experience. In 2007 we undertook many technical initiatives to improve reliability and quality of service, and we are starting to see the fruits of these critical efforts. Turning to slide 5, as I mentioned earlier, a changing environment in the second half of 2007, including an economic slowdown and intensifying competition, led us to revise our guidance. Obviously, I was not pleased that we had to do this.  For 2008, we have worked hard to factor in the current economic and business realities. We think that our refined and focused strategy, when paired with our outstanding assets and people, are going to generate a strong performance this year and beyond. So for 2008, we expect consolidated revenue and operating cash flow to increase by 8% to 10%; consolidated capital expenditures to decline to 18% of revenues from 20%; and consolidated free cash flow growth of at least 20% from the $2.3 billion we generated in 2007. On slide 6, Michael will go into some detail about our capital allocation strategy. But I also think it is important that you hear from me how I think about capital allocation. Our overarching priority is to invest in the business and execute against the many opportunities I have just described. This is absolutely critical to our customer value proposition, to our competitive advantage, and to the best way to create long-term shareholder value. I also want to address our acquisition strategy head-on. We are committed to remain disciplined in our approach to acquisitions and we'll place every opportunity through rigorous financial and strategic [filters] to ensure that our investments yield attractive returns for our shareholders. To be clear, we are not spending any time on any of the large transformative acquisitions that have been speculating about, such as Yahoo or Sprint. Instead, we are very focused on running our business and executing our plans. And finally, because of our confidence in the ability of our business to grow free cash flow I'm pleased to be announcing two important initiatives that will accelerate the already substantial rate of which we are returning capital to shareholders. I'd note that in the fourth quarter of 2007, we repurchased $1.25 billion of our stock, the largest stock repurchase, we have every completed in a single quarter. In addition, we have approximately $7 billion remaining under our share repurchase authorization and today we are announcing our intention to fully utilize it by the end of 2009, with at least 50% used this year. I'm also pleased to announce that starting in April, we are initiating a new quarterly dividend the initial annual rate is $0.25 per year. Based on our performance, it is our expectation that the dividend will increase over time. This will be $750 million annually, which is about one-third of 2007 free cash flow, and will complement our ongoing repurchase activities. So all in all, I'm excited about our 2008 plan and the roadmap we are on to deliver the best cross-platform experiences to our customers. I believe we have set the stage for many years of growth. And in 2007, we were able to get Mike Angelakis to become Chief Financial Officer of the company and I'm very pleased to now turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Angelakis: Thank you, Brian. I'll begin by briefly reviewing our consolidated results on both the reported and pro forma basis then I'll discuss in more detail our key financial priorities. So, please start on slide7. Regarding consolidated results for fiscal year 2007 reflects solid performance at our cable and programming divisions as well as the impact of acquisitions.  For the full year, consolidated revenue increased 24% to $30.9 billion. Consolidated operating cash flow grew 25% to $11.8 billion. Adjusted EPS increased 23% to $0.74. Remember, net income for 2006 and 2007 is adjusted for one-time gains recorded, and as a result of cable transactions. Please refer to table 7b in our earnings press release for reconciliation to adjusted net income for the quarter and the full year. Free cash flow declined 11% to $2.3 billion, reflecting a higher level of CapEx in 2007, due to RGU growth, a 63% increase in the number of set top boxes deployed, and including $2 million additional HD DVR boxes. In addition, we also spent capital on network improvements in the integration of the acquired systems. These two metrics, free cash flow and adjusted EPS, are becoming more important critical elements of measuring our financial and operating performance. Going forward, I think you will see us emphasize this more. On a pro forma basis which shows more clear comparisons, consolidated full year revenue growth was 12% to $31 billion, or slightly above our expectations of at least 11%. Pro forma consolidated operating cash flow growth was 13% to $11.8 billion and in line with our expectations. I think it is important to recognize that in 2007, on a pro forma basis, we generated over $3.2 billion of organic revenue growth and nearly $1.4 billion of organic OCF growth. As we entered 2008, it is our intention to convert more of this organic growth to un-levered free cash flow. Slide 8 shows our fourth quarter reported results. These were driven primarily by solid operational performance, and to a lesser extent cable acquisitions in the fourth quarter. Consolidated revenue increased 14% to $8 billion and consolidated operating cash flow grew 19% to $3.1 billion. Consolidated free cash flow increased 195% to $1 billion while adjusted EPS increased 33% to $0.20 per share. On a pro forma basis, consolidated fourth quarter '07 revenue growth was 10% to $8 billion, and our pro forma consolidated operating cash flow growth was 14% to $3.1 billion. Before I hand the call to Steve who will cover our cable results, let me summarize our programming divisions results. The programming division continues to show great momentum, as revenue increased 23% to $348 million in the fourth quarter, and 25% to $1.3 billion for the full year. This was due to solid increases in ad revenue, which was reflected by strong ratings growth at each of our networks and the strong ad market, in the second half of 2007. We also had continued growth in affiliate and international revenue. Programming operating cash flow increased 17% to $49 million in the fourth quarter, and 20% to $286 million for the full year. These results were achieved, even as we continue to invest in production programming and marketing, which are related to new and live event programming for our networks, which includes the PGA Tour on the Golf Channel. This investment has had positive effects on our cable network ratings, particularly with our key demographic audiences. As you can see from the results, we are very pleased with this divisions continued growth. Now let me pass the call to Steve.
Steve Burke: Thanks Mike. Before getting into the details of each specific area of our business during the quarter, I would like to give you some perspective on our performance in 2007, and how things look for 2008. If you would, please refer to slide 9. In absolute terms, we had a pretty good year with 13% OCF growth and the addition of 6 million RGUs, and things slowed down in the second half, relative to our expectations. Our business changed as the economy and increased competition made it tougher to grow, but we still grew at a rate that prior to 2007 would have been considered very strong. For perspective, we added 6 million RGUs in 48 million homes in the last year, 20% more than 2006. The company is growing in revenue, OCF and million of revenue generating units, and we will continue to do so in the future. We now better understand the effects of slower housing trends in a weaker economy. The good news is that is the market has changed. We are entering 2008 with new initiatives that will stimulate growth and enable us to attract and retain customers. Many of these are already in the marketplace and are starting to show solid results. The triple play remains in our core message, but we have expanded the range of our product offerings to better meet customer expectations. We have launched a lower-speed data tier for 2495, so we can attract people who don't want to pay $45 for our flagship product. We also use this tier for people, who are coming off our $99 annual promotions, but can't afford the price increase. We are now bundling two products, so we can offer more flexible promotions that start at $49 and go all the way up to $99, depending on the marketplace. Importantly, we can offer these one and two product bundles to the 24 million homes that don't presently take our video services. Another change for 2008 is that we are planning on spending more money in marketing to make sure we get our message out more effectively. While there will be natural ebbs and flows in the business, that's what happens in a competitive marketplace. We will keep adjusting our strategies and feel confident our business will continue to do well. Now let me walk you through 2007 numbers. Pro Forma Cable revenue for the fourth quarter increased 9% to $7.6 billion, and slightly over 11% to $29.4 million for the full year. Growth in the quarter compared to the year was impacted by lower than expected subscriber additions and a decline in advertising revenue. Cable revenue would have been over 10%, and cable revenue growth would have been over 10% in the fourth quarter, if you excluded this advertising shortfall. One of the most important metrics in our business is our ability to drive ARPU growth, and not just units. In 2007, we delivered monthly revenue per subscriber of $102, compared to $91 per month in 2006. Moving on to operating cash flow, Pro Forma Cable OCF for the fourth quarter increased more than 13% to $3.1 billion, with a similar increase for the full year. Total cable OCF for 2007 was $12 billion. Our OCF margin expanded this year by 80 basis points, as we continue to leverage our scale and grow revenues. The margin improvement trend will be difficult to sustain as we increase our spending on marketing and customer service in the future. As a final point to 2008 operating cash flow, we expect our first quarter or two to have slower growth, due to difficult comparisons, the usual phenomenon of programming, other cost increases kicking in January 1st, and revenue growing throughout the year.  Now if you will turn to slide 10. On slide 10, we show that our total video revenue increased 6% in the fourth quarter and 7% for the full year. Video revenue is much more than basic subscribers, which we lost during the year, and much more about new digital services. The incremental revenue generated by these new digital services represents 60% of the increase in total video revenue for 2007. The total number of video customers taking our digital services is now over 15 million customers, which was 63% of total video subscribers. While we lost 180,000 basic subscribers during the year, we added 2.5 million new digital subscribers in 2007. As the largest incumbent video provider, we will inevitably lose some additional basis video customers to new entrants. And our 2008 plan includes an increase in basis sub-losses. The good news is, with all of our new businesses, we will gain much more than we lose, as high speed internet, digital voice, digital video and commercial services power our business in the future. We continue to see a growing number of customers taking our High-Def and DVR services. At the end of 2007, 42% or over $6 million of our digital customers take High-Def into our DVR service, up from $4.5 million or 36% in 2006.  Today, we think we are the leading provider of High-Def programming in the world. We have expanded our High-Def offerings and we'll continue to do so in 2008. We believe that customers really care about choice; HD choices and not necessarily channels. People watch choices, not linear channels. So, we have been adding ON DEMAND options as well as channels. In 2008, we are going to nearly double the number of channels available and nearly quadruple the number of ON DEMAND choices. A year ago, in a typical Comcast System, we offered 15 to 20 High-Def channels. Today, through channel reclamation and other strategies, we have been able to increase our High-Def offerings to 25 to 30 channels. That will grow to up to 50 to 60 channels in a typical system by year end. In parallel, we have increased High-Def ON DEMAND choices from a 130 to nearly 300 today, and we expect to offer over 1000 High-Def choices ON DEMAND by the end of this year. Given these new High-Def offerings, we think we are more than holding our own. We have three times the High-Def content at satellites. To better communicate this, we have been launching a new advertising campaign with the tagline, More, More, More. That's off to a very good start, emphasizing the fact that we offer more of the High-Def programming that people really want.  For a number of years, we have said that eventually we'll go all digital with our digital penetration in the mid 60s. We now believe it's time to start taking all digital systems and plan to do just that in about 20% of our markets in the back-half of 2008. You will see us follow a similar strategy to what we did in Chicago last year. We'll send all our content digitally, while maintaining an analog tier of 20 channels to 30 channels. Converting to all digital will mean recapturing 40 or more analog channels that we can then use for up to a 150 high depth channels, DOCSIS 3.0 for wideband, or other ideas that we can [remount]. The capital for taking up to 20% of the company all digital is baked into our 2008 capital plans. Next slide please. Our high speed data business has continued to be a significant contributor to our cable revenue growth. High speed data revenues grew 14% in the fourth quarter and 18% for the year, reaching a total of $6.4 billion. This revenue growth reflects high speed data additions of $1.7 million in 2007, which compares to $1.9 million in net additions in 2006. We ended the year with $13.2 million high speed data customers; over 27% penetration against our total homes and with relatively stable ARPU, when compared to the prior year. Today the majority of our net new subscriber gains are coming from DSL migrations, not dial-up conversions. In fact, in the fourth quarter, 64% of our net ads came from DSL in comparison to 53% for the fourth quarter of 2006. There is still plenty growth of left in the high speed data market. If we maintain around a 50% share and broadband penetration reaches 80%, as many have suggested, we'll eventually reach 40% penetration or nearly 50% more subscribers than we have today. We expect to add -- continue to add millions of high speed data customers in the next few years, although, as you have seen from us and others in the industry, the business is maturing, and we'll probably add fewer customers in 2008 than in 2007. We have a number of initiatives that we believe will continue to allow us to grow our penetration. As mentioned, we've launched an economy tier of service for those who want slower speeds at a lower price point. This service is differentiated enough to limit cannibalization of our base businesses and will help us in the retention effort and in attracting more price-sensitive customers. We'll promote our high-end service, which we call Comcasts Blast, which today includes speeds of up to 16 Meg for an extra $10 a month to customers who want that extra speed. Our 2008 capital plan includes DOCSIS 3.0, which we call white band, to be deployed to up to about 28% of our footprint in 2008. As many of you know, this technology will allow us to offer speeds of up to 100 Meg or more. It is still very early, but our January results suggest we have the right customer mix. The number of customers taking our Blast tier is outpacing the number of customers coming in on the economy tier, and the overall strategy is helping our business. We see broadband speeds as a real differentiator in the market, and in areas where DSLs simply cant compete. We just launched our 16 Meg service in the San Francisco market. Now everyone in Silicon Valley who wants the speed can get it. Imagine what will happen after we roll out the new white band service, and they can get 50 Meg or even 100 Meg of speed. On slide 12, you'll see that over the past three years we've able to grow our CDV business very significantly. Today, we are the fourth largest residential phone company in the country with 4.4 million customers or about 10% of the available homes. Almost 28% of our video customers currently take a phone from Comcast. We added 2.5 million Comcast digital voice customers in 2007, which is 61% more than we added in 2006. We hit our stride, and weve been adding approximately 600,000 new customers for each of the last four quarters. We expect to be able to add as many CDV customers in 2008, as we did in 2007. We grew total phone revenue to $1.8 billion, an $815 million increase in 2007, as we expanded the ability of our service by nine million homes to 42 million homes or 86% of our footprint. We're seeing the benefits of our scale in the cost side of this business as well. We spend the time initially to build our own CDV infrastructure, so we were able to handle the service offering from end-to-end. As a result of these efforts, we are seeing real operating efficiencies and it will only get better.  Our direct cost-per-subscriber declined 40% in 2007, due to lower per unit rates for long distance in internet connection cost and improved network reliability, which resulted in lower customer contact rates. 2007 revenue growth would have been greater if not for the impact upon winding our old circuit-switched phone service. Planned circuit-switched phone customers decreased 476,000 in 2007, and we prepared to be out of the circuit- switched business entirely by the middle of 2008. The impact from the unwinding of our circuit-switched phone service reduced our revenue growth by over 1% in 2007. We continue to see strong growth in our CDV service, and see no reason why we can't double our business and achieve 20% to 25% penetration over the next couple of years. CDV is the cornerstone of our bundling efforts, and we believe we are still in the very early innings. At the end of the fourth quarter, about 16% of our total video customers had three services, and that's up from just 6% a year ago, in all 54% of our customers taking two or more services compared to 45% in 2006. In addition to seeing continued success with our unlimited local and long distance service, we began introducing more service choices like an unlimited local offer, which includes per minute long distance, which will bundled together with our other services, in order to address a wider potential customer base. We are also very excited about rolling out CDV product enhancements in the second half of 2008 that will be first in the marketplace, which will take advantage of our totally IP infrastructure. Moving onto slide 13, our advertising sales business had a difficult year in 2007, with revenue down 3% and 12% in the fourth quarter alone. Fourth quarter results reflect a lack of political spending and one fewer broadcast weak in 2007. We continue to see weakness in TV spot advertising spending levels in key categories such as domestic auto, real estate and retail, and in geographic areas like Florida and Michigan. Growth in cable advertising should be weak, especially in the first half of 2008 with a lack of political advertising. We remain enthusiastic about interactive advertising, and we are working with the other cable MSOs to build an interactive advertising platform that will allow an easy and uniform way to buy and track interactive advertising across our different services, including television. Our capital plans include an increase in spending in this area to build this platform. Moving onto slide 14, in 2007 we began to introduce Comcast Commercial Services throughout our footprint. We generated $384 million in revenue, up 46% versus the year before. 2007 has been about putting the building blocks in place for this new business. We now have key leadership in every single region, division, and at the headquarters level. We focused on hiring and training a professional sales force in all regions.  At the end of 2007, we have over 2100 employees dedicated to small and medium size business efforts, including about 750 business sales people and 1400 technicians. We estimate there are 5 million small to medium size businesses in our footprint, and that's been $12 billion to $15 billion in telecom services. Our goal is to capture 20% of the market and build the $2.5 billion business by 2011. Commercial CapEx levels will accelerate in 2008, as we more actively pursue the Commercial Service market and deliver very strong double-digit revenue growth in this business during the year. Moving onto slide 15, in summary as we look to 2008, we will continue to see solid growth due to new products. Digital, high-speed data and CDV each have significant growth ahead of them. Commercial will become a larger contributor in 2008, and interactive advertising will contribute to our growth rate as well in the future. We are excited about product enhancements, such as higher data speed, more HD choices, going all-digital and all the unique cross-platform features that will be rolling out this year. We also think we have new marketing and pricing plans, which helps us do well in this economic environment. I am very optimistic about 2008. We have a great business and believe it will do very well in 2008 and beyond. Mike?
Michael Angelakis: Thanks Steve. Outlined on slide 16 are several key financial priorities. I'd like to spend a few minutes discussing these in more detail, as it should help you gain insight into how we manage the company. Our first priority continues to be to secure long-term growth by profitably investing in our businesses, through organic development, appropriate strategic acquisitions, and also aggressively returning capital to shareholders. This approach is balanced and disciplined. We will continue to invest in our businesses, as it provides very attractive incremental returns and enhances our position for the future. As we evaluate internal investments, our focus will be on creating value by delivering financial returns that are risk adjusted and well above our cost of capital. The company's strategy on acquisitions and investments has been to build long-term value by primarily focusing on business connected to our core cable business. As Brian said, our revenue streams have diversified and the business is more complex. However, our approach will be extremely disciplined and execution-oriented when it comes to considering potential acquisitions. Our commitment to thoughtful capital allocation applies, not only to acquisitions and new investments, but also to regularly accessing our assets and redeploying capital where warranted. In fact, since AT&T broadband, the company has been a net disposer of assets. From a financial perspective, besides revenue in OCF, we are very focused on unlevered free cash flow -- free cash flow and adjusted earnings per share, as they represent critical metrics in evaluating the strength of our consolidated business. Another priority is returning capital to our shareholders. In the fourth quarter, we purchased $1.25 billion of our stock and for the full year, and we returned 132% of our free cash flow to shareholders through the share repurchase program. Today we have announced the initiation of a dividend that represents approximately one-third of our 2007 free cash flow in net income. Based on our performance, it is our expectation that the dividend will increase over time. In addition to the dividend, we intend to use the remainder of our share buyback authorization by the end of 2009, of which 50% will be utilized this year. In order to meet these financial priorities, it is critical to maintain a healthy balance sheet. I believe that maintaining a solid investment grading ratings is an integral part of our operational and competitive strategy, and this view is only been reinforced given the current turmoil in the credit market. Since I joined the company, capital expenditures and the related returns have been a focus of mine. Beginning on slide 17, I'm going to discuss our 2007 capital expenditure program for cable. As we have mentioned, 2007 was a year of significant capital investment, particularly around digital and advanced digital services, CDV and small business. Cable capital expenditures increased 7% to $1.5 billion in the quarter, and increased to 29% to $6 billion for the full year. After a detailed evaluation and consistent with historical trends, CapEx continues to be predominantly growth and revenue-driven. The direct impact of subscriber replacement and growth, and a deployment of set-top boxes can best be seen in the investments in CPE and scalable infrastructure. These categories make up 70% of the 2007 CapEx program. CPE is the largest component, representing over half of total CapEx, and it increased 28% or $686 million to $3.2 billion in 2007. Over the past 12 months, it includes a net addition of $6 million RGUs, and in deployment of almost $5 million digital set-top boxes; and 45% or $2.2 million were advanced set-tops, which are not included in RGUs. We installed two set-top boxes, on average, for every new digital customer added in 2007. Additionally, CPE included the customer equipment necessary to deliver CDV service to a net $2.5 million worth of new voice customers. CDV equipment is the second most expensive component of CPE, and advance setup boxes being the first. In addition to the increase in CPE, in scaleable infrastructure, support capital increased to $792 million in 2007, from $529 million in 2006. Total support capital reflects more equipment, vehicles, and workspace, to support the additional employees hired to install, maintain and service our growing number of customers. As we highlighted earlier, our headcount increased by 10,000 in 2007. We also invested over $150 million in starting Comcast's business services, supporting the 46% increase in commercial revenues in 2007 and positioning us for further growth in 2008. Please turn to slide 18. As I discussed before, in addition to the traditional methodology, I think it is useful to evaluate our CapEx for 2007 and 2008 in a different, more simplified way, by categorizing these investments into maintenance, discretionary and growth buckets.  Maintenance includes investments that allows us to keep our competitive position and provide a foundation for growth. We think that this type of CapEx is the current and future cost of doing business. An example of this would be our need to buy additional CMTSs to expand our capacity, as customers' usage of our existing high-speed data increased.  We've determined that maintenance capital equals between 25% and 30% of the 2007 and 2008 investments. We've provided on our IR website an exhibit of today's presentation that provides support for how we arrive at our total maintenance CapEx. Discretionary, which we believe is about 5% to 10% of our annual investments, is a small but important component our CapEx investment, since these investments lay the groundwork for future products and services. For this category we evaluate the strategic significance in the business cases to justify the investment. Typically, these investments, like addressable advertising, will eventually have attractive paybacks. However, they have longer-term horizons than is the case for our growth CapEx. Regarding our growth CapEx, this 65% to 70% of our entire allocation is by far the largest component of our annual investment and is directly tied to revenue generation. We analyze the NPV and IRR of this investment. Essentially we look at the capital required to add, on a gross basis in new product-to-service like HD DVR set-top boxes, line extensions, or new RGU, against a lifetime of cash flows including churn that the investment will generate. We are very confident that the incremental returns in cash flow generated by the investments in this growth category, which again represent over 65% of our total, are very attractive. As we evaluate the combination of these three categories from a returns perspective, our focus is ensuring that these investments drive our profitable growth, are adjusted for execution risk, and exceed our cost of capital. Please turn to slide 19. I believe the most constructive way to explain how we look at returns on investment is to do an example. In 2007 and 2008, the purchase of HD and HD DVR equipment is one of our largest investments, and represents nearly $900 million or $1 out of every $7 of our total 2007 capital program. In 2007 we exceeded our estimates by approximately $250 million for HD and HD DVRs. Based on the investment in the incremental cash flows we generate from the deployment of this equipment, it's clear to us that we are creating significant financial value with these investments as we generate an access of a 30% after-tax IRR. We are obviously quite pleased with this type of investment as the risk of execution is marginal, and the return is significantly in excess of our approximate 8.5% weighted average cost-to-capital. Today we are providing more detail here than previously. In the future we will continue to provide additional transparency on capital expenditures and their associated returns. Importantly, as we stated before, we believe CapEx as a percentage of revenue peaked at approximately 20% in 2007. With 2008, total consolidated CapEx is expected to decline to approximately 18% of revenue. Our 2008 CapEx outlook assumes a decline in our core residential CapEx including CPE expenditures, despite an increase in our average cost per set-top box, reflecting higher cost of CableCARDS Separable Security. It also assumes that we will continue to ramp up our capital investment to grow our commercial services business, as well as invest in bandwidth enhancing projects like, doing all digital in certain markets, as Steve mentioned. Our outlook, which is based on consolidated CapEx, also assumes a similar amount of capital at the corporate and other business unit level, as we spend in 2007. Let's move on and take a look at our balance sheet statistics on slide 20, where we highlight some of our leverage and coverage metrics. With total debt north of $30 billion, I believe maintaining solid investment grade ratings is important in order to successfully access the capital market, as we mange our periodic maturities and appropriately plan for investments. But more importantly, absolute of debt is our leverage and coverage ratios. We are focused on maintaining an investment grade rating today that translates into a leverage ratio of approximately 2.5 to 3 times. We think it is prudent to maintain our investment grade rating, particularly given the current turbulence and the credit markets, the uncertain economic environment, and the funding capabilities of our competitors. It's important for me to also highlight, the given the timeframe around our buyback program, and initiation of a dividend, we are not de-levering. We will continue to use the financial strength of our business to invest for profitable growth that maintains our competitive advantage, and also allows for a substantial return of capital. Please turn to slide 21. Over the last three years, we have returned $8 billion of capital from share repurchases, and reduced the total number of shares outstanding by over 11%. As I mentioned, we intend to complete our current repurchase authorization of 6.9 billion by next year, the end of 2009, in addition to initiating a quarterly dividends with an annual rate of $0.25 per share. When you factor in this buyback and dividend commitment, our targets equate to over $8.4 billion over the next 24 months. This is a total of $16.4 billion return to shareholders from the periods of 2005 through 2009. Our ability to return this significant amount of capital is only possible because of our confidence in the business, its opportunities and its ability to generate meaningful free cash flow. With that I will now hand the call over to Marlene to begin our Q&A.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, Michael. Before we open the line for Q&A, let me point out that we have included two exhibits of today's presentation on our Investor Relations website. One of the exhibits provides details on how to arrive at maintenance capital. The second exhibit provides a pro forma on cable and consolidated 2007 numbers, including insight, which represents the right base for comparisons in 2008. Again, these exhibits can be found on our website under financial information and then fourth quarter 2007 earnings. With that, operator, lets please open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions). Your first question will come from the line of Jessica Reif-Cohen from Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Happy Valentines Day, everybody. I have two questions, one is could you give us a little bit more color on the interactive advertising initiatives and why you said there is no political advertising in '08 or why you don't expect that and second you said that you are going to increase marketing in '08. Could you also discuss any customer service initiatives? Thanks.
Steve Burke: Okay, Jessica. We, the cable companys have been getting together and starting to lay the foundation for a truly national interactive advertising platform, which I think is one of the most exciting upside that we have in the business. I want to caution everybody, this is complicated stuff but we've made a lot of progress, we're putting real money into our capital budget, this year $50 million to $70 million on interactive advertising infrastructure. So this is going to be something that is very real and very significant in terms of its contribution to our business if you go out to '09 and '10. In terms of political. Political is definitely going to have an impact on '08 advertising but not until the second half of the year. We didn't have political in a very major way at the end of 2007 but we would see as we get into the second half of 2008, political being very significant. In terms of marketing and customer service, I look at our budget this year both on the operating side and the capital side, as what I would call a fighters budget. In other words, we've made investments in marketing, in customer service, we put capital into go digital and all digital in 20% of the market DOCSIS 3.0. We are budgeting to come out swinging and that is both on the marketing side and the investment and product development and customer service. That's all baked into the plan and that's how we intend to run the business.
Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you. Operator, next question please?
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Craig Moffett from Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning and my thank you for all the extra detail on capital spending. Two questions if I could. First, it looks like you've had some margin expansion looking backwards and my guess is you're seeing less -- with less housing velocity, you're seeing less activity in terms of churn and that sort of thing, as people do start buying houses and moving as much. Wouldnt you expect continued margin expansion next year and your guidance is projecting essentially flat margins and then looking at your EBITDA growth guidance and the implied reduction in capital intensity, it looks like it would suggest more than 20% free cash flow growth and that you are guiding to 20% free cash flow growth. I wonder if you could just comment on that as well?
Michael Angelakis: Sure. A couple of questions in there, Craig. With regards to margin expansion, 07 was clearly was one where we expanded our margins. As we look forward, we are going to be monitoring that very closely but as Steve just said, we are making meaningful investments in the marketing and the advertising side and the customer service side. So our guidance has a range but it's certainly a number we are going to monitor very, very closely. With regards to EBITDA guidance, in terms of growth for 08 we are looking at between 8% and 10% that's clearly a range and when you translate that from CapEx into free cash flow, free cash flow has many other items related to taxes and interest expense. So I think we're being realistic with our guidance and obviously there's a range in there that you have to look at with regards to what the OCF growth will be in 08. But I think that free cash flow has many factors to it and we are trying to monitor that as well very carefully.
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Thanks. And you didn't mention switched broadcast video in the capital budget. I was just wondering if you have any comments on that as well?
Steve Burke: We have about 15% of the country budgeted to be laid up for switched digital video during 2008.
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Craig. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks, good morning guys. Two questions, first on SME. You had laid out a capital budget, I think over a long period of time, back in your analyst day in May. You came in a little under budget in 2007 but could you just talk about that business, '08, '09 what the capital budget looks like from here. If the equipment is ready is to go from multiline MTA perspective? And then just more broadly on the competitive environment. What are you seeing, where you have FiOS and the U-Verse competition. Is it something that you can comment on in terms of competitive threat, market share loss, pricing trends? Any color there would be helpful.
Steve Burke: Okay, first on small and medium size business. There is no question as we ramp the business, it is going to more capital intensive. We are getting -- I'm getting impatient that it's not ramping faster, it really is starting to move but not as quickly as I wish it was. If you look at some of the other cable companies, they have commercial businesses that are much bigger than ours, even not adjusted to the fact that we are much larger. So we are putting in a lot of attention. We've hired a 2,100 people in the business, we've got really every system in the country right now mobilized, we've got a phone launched in addition to high speed data. So you're going to see a real ramp. It's very hard to tell how fast that ramp is going to be and how much capital that business is going to take because that's a business with very high returns, which we think is very complimentary to everything else we do and we certainly don't want to be in a position where we put out a capital number and then slow the business down to hit that capital number. In terms FiOS and U-Verse there is no question, Verizon is real and is taking some subscribers from us. We believe we're taking a multiple of the subscribers from them on the phone side and they are taking from us on the video side. But Verizon is real, we track it very carefully and there is no question that their builds are where they said they would be and they are gaining penetration. Even in the FiOS areas we are still continuing to expand our High-Speed data business nicely, our telephone business nicely. So I think, head-on-head we are competing just fine and FiOS is in a real minority of our company now, less than 10% of our home's passed have FiOS.  In terms of U-Verse Ben, we were seeing much less of a competitive effect from U-Verse. It's hard to tell where they really are, it's hard to tell where they are really gaining customers and I don't know whether that's because they cant make the product scale or they are having technical problems or maybe they are having more of an impact than we believe, although I don't think that's the case. DIRECTV and EchoStar are also strong competitors so. So we are seeing a very competitive video marketplace. I think the good news is we are doing extremely well with phone. We believe we are going to have very good year with High-Speed data and as we get into commercial and interactive advertising, when you put it all together and really look at revenue and cash flow growth and free cash flow, it's all going to be a good story.
Brian Roberts: Well, I guess I would like add to that. I think we all try it and have anticipated for years that the day where you have increasing competition will be coming and we've diversified our revenue. I just want to emphasis the point that this industry is well-positioned I think to be in a position to put out a plan like we've just announced, that we'll factor in increasing subscriber losses, but despite you are going to have healthy EBITDA and revenue growth because of the run rate that we have on the data business. It may grow a little slower but it's still growing, it's terrifically possible and we have now, as Steve mentioned, the higher speed, the lower speed. The phone business, we are only around 10% penetrated. We feel that's finally reached, we think that cruising out too and that's going to continue to go and our wireline business as an RGU matter is substantially winning market share in wireline products, compared to our wireline competitors and their RGU growth in the wireline business.  So I think, and then you layer on a longer term roadmap where you have already deployed fiber across the, basically the entire footprint and make your products better and better each year and that's factored into this plan. I like our position.
Ben Swinburne  Morgan Stanley: Thanks, guys.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, operator next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jeff Wlodarczak from Wachovia.
Jeff Wlodarczak - Wachovia: On the repricing of $99 triple play after the 12 month promotional period, are you able to reprice those subs materially higher and can you talk about the churn around that repricing? And then second on guidance for 8% to 10% consolidated EBITDA growth that includes your content business which is growing sort of 20% - 30%. Can we ply your cable EBITDA growth could be less than 8% to 10% in 2008? Thanks.
Steve Burke: Why don't we take the second question first and just -- no that's not what we are implying. I think when you just, our view is 8% to 10% for whole company. Mike you want to add to that?
Michael Angelakis: Yeah, I am happy to add to that. Our content business obviously is a relatively small portion of the whole, so it is growing a little bit stronger than the cable business but the cable business will be growing right in that range.
Jeff Wlodarczak - Wachovia:  Thanks.
Steve Burke: In terms of the $99 promotion resetting after 12 months, what we look to do is to have a reset of about $20, what we have found is that as the economy has softened, its harder to get the $20 than it was. And one of the reasons why we've introduced these economy tiers is, there are some people who get to the end of the 12 months and say I can only or I only want to pay $99 and now with the slower speed, high speed data product we can say okay, you can stay at $99 but you'll have a slower data products. So we are still shooting for the $20. The majority of customers do stay with us and we are able to upgrade them but with this lower speed high-speed data product somebody who wants to stay at $99 will be able to do so.
Jeff Wlodarczak - Wachovia: Thanks.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Jeff. Operator next question please.
Operator: Year next question will come from the line of Ingrid Chung with Goldman Sachs.
Marlene Dooner: Operator, can we take the next question please.
Operator: We move to the next question and the next question will come from the line of Vijay Jayant with Lehman Brothers.
Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers: To get the philosophical view on the mix between the buyback and the dividend, you know 1.4% dividend in the year is a very good start but its similar to other large scale media companies but its probably a percentage point lower than the SMP. Just kind of philosophically, why buyback more versus dividend if you could give us a context? Thanks.
Steve Burke: Let me start and then Mike can add color here. First of all, we appreciate your observation that we view it as a start. For the majority of the companys history we've had a dividend. When we got into the period of years we were dusting in and rebuilding the business. We were ramping new products and we were putting the business to work, the money to work that way and we pushed quite a lot of stock. We do feel that with the free cash flow now resuming its steady march forward, we hope we're going to be able to be in a position to do a dividend. We have bought stock. We've talked to a lot of investors about the proper insight in that mix and you can get many different points of view and I think we feel its a good balance. And looking at our debt ratings and looking at BBB, BBB-plus companies was one consideration another is what the SMP, another is what the SMP media companies in that index are doing. I believe the SMPs are around 2% yield. The other factor we looked at was, what is the payout of our actual free cash flow? Last year's free cash flow, as Mike mentioned on the call, came in at around $2.3 billion, $750 million dividends is about a third of that. So we feel we try to have a very meaningful start, $750 million a year and because we also wanted to buy the stock in an accelerated fashion, which weve also announced today.
Michael Angelakis: Fine, I think you hit it right, all the points. I mean, we're trying to strike the right balance between the dividend and the repurchase and our payout ratios both on free cash flow and net income and hopefully as Brian said, we'll be able to continue to increase our dividend as we go forward.
Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers: Thanks.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Vijay. Next question please, operator.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Spencer Wang with Bear Stearns.
Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns:  Thanks for taking my question, two questions. First on basic video business, your penetration did actually dip below 50% by the end of the year. So I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the likelihood of future price increases, given the competitive environment and then secondly can you just update us on your thoughts on wireless and what you may or may not plan to do with the spectrum from the AWS auction? Thanks.
Steve Burke: I'll take basic and then I'll pass to Brian for wireless. The fact of the matter is in our video business and this is the same for us, AT&T, Verizon, and DirectTV, anybody who is in the video business. The major cost that we all have to bare is programming and programming prices are going up. And so, it's hard to imagine the business not having a retail price increase on a pretty consistent basis and we are seeing that right now with Verizon, with the satellite companies seeing that AT&T is taking up DSL prices. I don't think the notion that price increases are a thing of the past, really is in our thinking. Let me more broadly talk about basic in our penetration. We are in five businesses now, which is not how people normally think of cable companies. But we are in video, voice, data, commercial and advertising. And videos is one of the five, it happens to be the biggest of the five and one of the components of video is basic subscribers. So really when you look at the whole company, I think it's obvious, traditionally basic subscribers was all there was. But it really kind of minimizes the sort of success or lack of success in the company and it really is much fair, I think to look at revenues and operating cash flow.  And because those other business and because High-Def and DVRs and other parts of our video business are growing well, I think that really balances out whatever happens with basic subscribers nicely and we would certainly think that the video business itself should continue to grow through price increases, through pay-per-view, through DVRs through High-Def etcetera.
Brian Roberts: And that's why we are doing things like Project Infinity and trying to constantly improve our High-Def offerings and our on-demand offerings. And having positioned the company to be ready for this kind of competition that frankly we can't control all the behavior of the competitors and you just have to have multiple businesses to grow and that's why I'm excited about the plan. Okay, to the wireless question, I think nothing's really changed in wireless, our focus remains on finding a way to extend our services, to provide some form of mobility, to find features that integrate well with our services and are compelling the consumers to provide us with incremental revenue growth. To the AWS spectrum, which covers most of the country and our footprint that we own with the other cable operators in SpectrumCo. It gives long-term flexibility, there is nothing new, what SpectrumCo is doing is as probably always planned as when you acquire that I expect you got to have it cleared for it to have any usefulness. As SpectrumCo is beginning that clearing process, it's a multi-year regulatory driven process. So there is really nothing new, I think it's important to stress that the strategy has not changed and that we're studying what's the best way to utilize that, if at all. But we're not seeing an impact from the wireless business in the results that we reported today or in our plans for 2008.
Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns:  Great. Thank you very much.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Spencer. Operator, next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you very much, two questions. Steve, could you give us the selling levels for high-speed data and phone and the triple play, so we can just compare that with the other penetrations you're trying to achieve there. And then Mike, I agree with Craig that the new disclosures regarding CapEx will be appreciated. In order for CapEx to be in the 18% of revenue for 2008, as you look further out in time, where do you ultimately see CapEx settling out as a percentage of revenue. I know some, I'm hoping that at some point I could eventually get the 10% of revenue, does that make any sense? Thank you.
Steve Burke:  Okay. I'm not going to give you the precise selling levels, they bounced around a little bit but I think it's fair to say that our selling levels on all three of those products, high-speed data, phone, and triple play are significantly higher than our current penetration levels. So in the case of high speed data for example we are at 27% penetration. We have a lot of markets which sell in levels at 40% or 50% and the phone sell in levels much higher than the current phone penetration of 10%. The same thing with triple play.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: I guess just in time I just changed my question for you, Steve. I mean you mentioned about the balances of five products that you are now selling. I think, some might be concerned that the basics of this the building blocks from which you sell over the rest of them. Can you make any comments on that?
Steve Burke: Well it can be the building blocks but we have millions of customers that don't take video and take either high speed data alone or phone alone or some combination. So there really is a real opportunity, I think, when you have 24 million homes that don't take video from us. That we can go to or even somebody who doesn't take video, but likes their satellite service, so we can go and offer telephone and high speed data. So I think there is really an opportunity there and I think our feeling is that even though the high-speed data business is maturing, if you do the math there's probably on the order, if we end up getting to 40% penetration of homes, they probably are in the order of 6 or 7 million more high speed data customers, which could mean four or five more years of really good growth of over a million subs a year. And then in phone at 10% penetration we're really just getting started. COX and Cablevision have lots in neighborhoods and markets where there are 40%, 50%. So I think phones got a long way to go and you've asked a very good question because the selling rate in theory gives you some sense for where you can end up and the selling rate for those two products plus the triple play is way in excess of where our penetrations are.
Brian Roberts: And I think that one of the products that, Steve, not even mentioning that much is like I think last year. We saw lot more High-Def DVRs. That's an incremental revenue stream, it doesnt show up as a RGUs. It doesnt show up as a basic stuff, necessarily if it's an already digital customer in terms of the growth as a change. But that's how we were able to get the average ARPU for the entire company over $100 for the first time. So ultimately youve got to look at the whole picture. Mike, you now want to answer the CapEx question?
Michael Angelakis: Sure, Doug. As you know in our guidance for '08, where we have great visibility, the percentage of revenue for CapEx program is coming down from 20 to 18. And as Steve has mentioned that CapEx program includes, I think, an offensive budget which has a lot of initiatives. Beyond 2008 it's obviously difficult to forecast, but I think, our belief is you will see a slow trend downward as a percentage of revenue. 
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Alright, thank you.
Marlene Dooner: Thanks, Doug. Operator, we will make this the last question, please.
Operator: Thank you. The final question will come from the line of Bryan Kraft from Credit Suisse.
Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse: Thank you. How do margins trend for commercial going forward. I think you've said in the past that margins will be 50% in this segment. Obviously last year you took on a lot of cost to ahead of scale in the revenue. So as you scale more this year, can you give us a sense of where the margins will be by the end of the year and when commercial actually becomes accretive and then also just real quick if you could comment on the debt expense and how that's been churning for the last couple of quarters. I know you had a big increase last year? Thank you.
Brian Roberts: Most was accretive now and we've said that previously and the contribution from commercial will grow very nicely this year and next year. It's very hard to tell precisely, exactly where exact margin would be that's a very good high margin business. That business should be, if not 40, 50, in that range margin business as we go forward.
Michael Angelakis: I guess I'll take the bad debt question, as I mentioned that in one of the conferences. In the first nine months in the year, we did see a tick up through the third quarter of that debt. Actually in the fourth quarter I think that's come down a little bit as we've instituted some more collection and credit screening policy. So we think we are on top of it and managing it pretty well.
Steve Burke: Let me just finish the call then by saying that as you sum it up, this is a -- and I appreciate the patience for those that are still on the call. We took a little more time in laying out, really I think a comprehensive strategy, a good analysis of what happened in '07, a lot of time spent on preparing the '08 plan, so that we can feel comfortable that factoring everything that happened and is happening in the marketplace that we can achieve our plan. And that plan now allows us to focus on in addition to revenue and cash flow. Really resume the free cash flow focus that the company has had and will have on growing that metric significantly at a fast rate. And that allows us to consistently return capital to shareholders, while and as importantly or more importantly focusing on building the business for the long-term shareholder growth, which comes from investing in good returning projects, but at the same time strategically significant projects that allows us to have better products than anybody in the market. And I think this is a good plan. We're excited about the year and look forward to updating you as we progress.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you all very much for joining us.
Operator: We have no further question at this time, there will be a replay available of today's call starting at 11:30 am eastern time. It will run through Friday, February 15th midnight central time. The dial-in number is 800-642-1687, and the conference ID number is 30449562. The recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 pm today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Marlene Dooner - IR Brian Roberts - Chairman, CEO  Michael Angelakis - EVP, Co-CFO  Steve Burke - COO, President, Comcast Cable Communications  John Alchin  Co-CFO 
Analysts:  Jessica Reif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch  Craig Moffett - SanfordC. Bernstein  Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs  Spencer Wang - Bear, Stearns & Co.  Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers  Tom Eagan - Oppenheimer & Co.  Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley  David Joyce - Miller Tabak & Co.  Rich Greenfield - Pali Research  Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse 
Operator: Welcome to Comcast's third quarter earnings conference call.(Operator Instructions) I will now turnthe call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. MarleneDooner. Please go ahead, Ms. Dooner.
Marlene Dooner: Thank you, operator and welcome everyone to our thirdquarter 2007 earnings call. Joining me on the call are Brian Roberts, SteveBurke, Michael Angelakis and John Alchin.  Before we start, let me refer everybody to slide 2, whichcontains our Safe Harbordisclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-lookingstatements subject to certain risks and uncertainties.  In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAPfinancial measures. Please refer to our press release for the reconciliation ofnon-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.  With that, I will turn the call over to Brian Roberts forhis opening comments.
Brian Roberts: Thanks, Marlene and good morning. The third quarterdemonstrates that our business continues to perform well both operationally andfinancially. When you adjust for acquisitions on an apples-to-apples basis, weposted corporate revenue growth of 12% and cable revenue growth of 11%, andcable operating cash flow growth of 13% this quarter -- pretty strong.  We added 1.4 million RGUs, a slight decline from arecord-setting third quarter in 2006. Year-to-date, we have now added over 4.8million RGUs -- up almost 40% -- and we are hoping to deliver about 30% growthin RGUs by the end of the year. Michael Angelakis will cover all of theseresults in more detail. We are seeing increasing competition and a softer economyand as a result, a slightly slower growth rate. But as you step back and thinkabout our business, I really like our position. Over the last 12 months we'veadded approximately $2.5 billion in revenue, and realized $1 billion ofrecurring operating cash flow growth. Having almost doubled RGU net adds lastyear, and as much as another 30% this year, we are now more comfortable thanever that 2007 represents our peak year in terms of capital expenditures as apercentage of revenue and that we will reaccelerate free cash flow growth in2008. We now have a more diverse lineup of products includingfast-growing CDV, and we are establishing new businesses like commercial thatwill sustain healthy growth over the next several years. Steve Burke will coverall of these operational points.  So thats our formula, new products over one network thatdelivers double-digit revenue growth and has delivered for over 12% on averageeach of the last five years. We have the pieces in place to continue to deliveron our growth goals. Today we offer a package of residential video, high-speedInternet and phone to more than 40 million homes in our markets. That is moreservices to more homes than anyone else in the business, and we think that putsus in a great competitive position. We also have the potential to address 5million businesses in the same footprint. With one network, customer serviceand technical infrastructure we have the ability to continue to innovate whileremaining the low-cost provider. So I continue to like our hand and our abilityto continually transform ourselves and grow.  If you turn to slide 4, you'll see that our management andour board shares this view and has authorized a $7 billion increase to ourshare buyback program. We now have $8.2 billion available for stockrepurchases. This increase is more than any previous authorization, and I hopedemonstrates a focus on increasing this activity in the next few years. Webelieve our approach to capital deployment is prudent and balanced and optimizesour strategy and our financial goals. This is particularly true given thecurrent market values with the stock trading at near all-time historical lowsin terms of EBITDA multiples and relative to expected growth rates.  Additionally, our strategy will preserve our strong balancesheet and credit profile which we view as a critical asset, particularly inthis current economic and competitive environment. So as I said a moment ago,we are very confident about the strength and long-term prospects of ourbusiness. We are realistic about some of the business challenges, but nowheredo I see a more fundamentally strong and growing company in the telecom andentertainment sector.  I would like to now hand the call over to Mike Angelakis toreview this quarter's results.
Michael Angelakis: Thank you, Brian. I will begin with our consolidatedresults, so please refer to slide 5. Driven by solid financial results and theimpact of cable acquisitions, consolidated revenue for the third quarter ofthis year increased 21% to $7.8 billion while consolidated operating cash flowgrew 20% to $2.9 billion. Year-to-date, consolidated revenue has increased 28%to $22.9 billion, and consolidated operating cash flow has increased 27% to$8.7 billion. Net income decreased 54% to $560 million, resulting in earningsof $0.18 per share compared to $1.2 billion or $0.38 per share in the thirdquarter of '06.  However, for normalized comparison the third quarter of '06included two particular items representing $669 million of after-tax gainsrelated to the Adelphia -Time Warner transactions and the transfer of cablesystems to Time Warner. Excluding these gains, adjusted net income for thethird quarter of '06 would be $548 million, or $0.17 per share. Please refer totable 7(b) of our press release for this reconciliation. Our programming division continues to perform well asrevenue increased 27% in the third quarter to $330 million from $259 million.Programming division operating cash flow increased 11% to $97 million from $87million. Year-to-date, programming revenue increased 25% from $771 million to$966 million, while operating cash flow increased 20% from $196 million to $237million. This improved performance reflects higher viewership, higheradvertising and increased distribution revenue. For corporate and other, which consists of several otherbusiness units, revenue increased 89% to $51 million from $27 million in thethird quarter of '06. This revenue increase is largely due to the activities ofComcast Interactive Media, including the acquisition of Fandango. Corporate andother operating cash flow loss for the third quarter was $143 million comparedto a loss of $96 million a year ago. Included in this loss, however, is a $55million charge related to the anticipated cost and settlement of the previouslydisclosed at-home litigation, which we are very pleased to have now behind us. Please refer to slide 6 as I now review the cable division'sfinancial performance. As always, we are presenting cable results on a proforma basis. Pro forma results adjust only for acquisitions and dispositions, includingSusquehanna, Adelphia-Time Warner, Houston, Sports Bay Area, Sports Channel NewEngland and Patriot Media. Cable results are presented as if these transactionswere effective on January 1, 2006.Please refer to the press release and specifically to note 1 in table 7(a) for details of our proforma adjustments and reconciliation.  As you can see from slide 6 the cable division's growthcontinues. Pro forma cable revenue for the third quarter of '07 increased 11%from $6.7 billion to $7.4 billion. Year-to-date pro forma cable revenueincreased 12% from $19.6 billion to $21.9 billion. Cable operating cash flowfor the third quarter increased 13% from $2.6 billion to $3 billion.Year-to-date, cable operating cash flow has increased 13.5% from $7.8 billionto $8.9 billion.  Revenue and operating cash flow growth are the two mostimportant metrics in evaluating the strength of our business. To-date ourperformance in these two areas is on track with our expectations despite a morecompetitive and a generally less robust economy. While we remain focused onachieving our previously issued guidance, these factors may have a slightimpact on cable's full year operating results.  Cable OCF margins increased above 40% this quarter as theywere 40.2%; a 60 basis point increase above last year's 39.6%. Year-to-date,our cable OCF margins are 40.5%, also up 60 basis points compared to last year.The margin improvement reflects the advantages of our network scale combinedwith strong revenue growth and our continuing success in controlling theoverall growth of our operating costs. Even as we increased headcount, which isup 15% or 11,000 employees and we incur other costs associated with supportinghigher activity levels in new businesses such as commercial services. Please refer to slide 7. As you look at all of our productstogether, in total we added 1.4 million RGUs in the third quarter, a slightdecrease from the record 1.5 million additions reported in the third quarter of'06. Year-to-date through September we've added a total of 4.8 million RGUs,40% above last year's pace of 3.4 million. We ended the quarter with 55.8million RGUs compared to 49.4 million in the third quarter of '06 and 45 millionin the third quarter of '05. We've added over 10 million RGUs in the past twoyears.  The 55.8 million RGUs is now made up of 70% video customers,23% high-speed data customers and 7% telephone customers. We expect this shiftor diversification to continue, as we see meaningful growth in the voice anddata customer base. We also remain focused on achieving our goal of adding 6.5million net RGUs for the year, a 30% increase over 2006. The impact on basicsubscriber performance by the factors I previously mentioned, as well as theacceleration of disconnects from circuit switch phone could marginally affectour RGU growth. Let's move on and please refer to slide 8. Total videorevenue increased 6% to $4.4 billion. The increase reflects growth in digital cablecustomers and increased demand for our digital features including On Demand,DVRs, HDTV as well as modestly higher pricing. All of our digital customershave access to On Demand service, and we continue to see healthy increases inmovie purchases.  Pay-per-view revenue increased 13% to $184 million in thethird quarter, driven by increasing On Demand movie purchases, offset bysomewhat flat event revenue.  The number of basic cable subscribers remained relativelyunchanged at 24.2 million when compared to the 24.1 million in the prior year.For the quarter, basic cable subscribers decreased by 65,000 primarilyreflecting the impact of increasing competition. Compared to last year's 50% digital penetration, we now have61% or 14.7 million of our video customers taking our digital services, havingadded 489,000 digital cable customers this quarter. The incremental revenuegenerated by our digital services is a key driver of video revenue growth andrepresents over 60% of the increase in our video revenue. We are also pleased with the continued financial strength ofour high-speed data business. High-speed data revenues grew 17% to $1.6 billionin the third quarter, reflecting the addition of 450,000 high-speed datacustomers. Year-to-date, revenues have increased 19% from $4 billion to $4.8billion as we have added almost 1.4 million HSD customers this year. That is asmany HSD net additions as in the first nine months of 2006. We ended thequarter with 12.9 million high-speed data customers, and average revenue forHSD subscriber was approximately $43, relatively stable when compared to priorperiods. Phone revenue increased 86% from $253 million to $472million in the third quarter, driven by the growth in CDV customers. This wassomewhat offset by a decline in circuit switch phone revenue as we continue towind down that business line. CDV revenue increased 190% in the third quarterand 264% year-to-date. The negative impact of circuit switch phone declines ontotal cable revenue growth is about 1 percentage point.  In the third quarter of '07, we added 662,000 CDVsubscribers, and year-to-date we added 1.9 million, bringing our total numberof CDV customers to 3.8 million. Overall, ARPS increased 11% to $102.24compared to $92.12 in the third quarter of '06. Advertising revenue increased 7% to $407 million in thethird quarter of '07, reflecting the impact of 14 broadcast weeks in thecurrent quarter compared to 13 weeks in the same period a year ago. Excludingthe additional week, advertising revenue would have been flat for the quarter.Year-to-date, advertising revenue is up 1% over the comparable period lastyear.  As you know, 2006 included approximately $90 million ofpolitical advertising, which negatively impacted the third quarter of '07 andunfortunately should have an even greater impact in the fourth quarter. Now moving on, please refer to slide 9. Cable capitalexpenditures for the quarter were $1.5 billion, up 19% compared to $1.3 billionin the third quarter of '06. Consistent with historical trends, capitalexpenditures continues to be predominantly variable and revenue driven.  During the quarter, we added approximately 1 million digitalset-top boxes, approximately 50% of which were for advanced digital services,such as HD or DVR, which are revenue producing but are not included as RGUadditions. Over the past 12 months, we have deployed almost 5.2 million digitalset-top boxes, which represent approximately 22% of the total boxes we have inthe field. Additionally, we have added over 2.4 million CDV customers duringthe same timeframe, which is the second-most expensive component of our CCE.  Year-to-date capital spent on new service offeringsrepresents approximately 71% of residential cable capital expenditures and isdirectly associated with new product development and consumer demand for ourservices. In addition to the increase in CCE and scalable infrastructure,support capital increased more than 50%. This increase relates to theaccelerated purchases of equipment and vehicles to support the additionalemployees necessary to install and maintain our growing number of RGUs. For example, our technical staff increased by4,700 people year on year.  We are maintaining our guidance of cable capital expendituresof approximately $5.7 billion for 2007. Importantly, we continue to expectcapital expenditures as a percentage of revenue to peak in 2007. In the third quarter, we generated $524 million ofconsolidated free cash flow. Year-to-date, free cash flow is $1.3 billion,primarily offset by increased capital expenditures, which again are driven byRGU additions. As we finish the year, we expect the fourth quarter will seeadditional growth in operating cash flow and a reduction in CapEx, which willresult in increased free cash flow in the fourth quarter. Our current forecastindicates we will be at least 90% of last year's free cash flow. Please move on to slide 10. During the third quarter wepurchased 22.9 million shares for $600 million. Year-to-date we have purchased70 million shares for $1.9 billion. Year-to-date, we have used 139% of ourconsolidated free cash flow to purchase our shares, and that excludes thefunding of several acquisitions and debt maturities.  As Brian previously mentioned, reflecting our continuedconfidence in the business, our board of directors has authorized a $7 billionincrease to our stock repurchase program, bringing the total available to $8.2billion. Since our buyback program began, we have invested $9.2 billion and reducedshares outstanding by more than 13%. Another important metric is how we deploy our financialresources and how we allocate capital so that financial and strategic criteriaare attained. We will continue to take a very disciplined and prudent approachtowards capital allocation. Our goals are to secure our long-term growth; toselectively make strategic acquisitions; and to return capital to shareholders.This represents a very balanced effort.  Since 2005, we returned almost $7 billion of capital throughshare repurchases, which is actually 113% of the cumulative free cash flow wehave generated over that same time period. During that time, we have spent over$7 billion on strategic acquisitions. This balanced strategy has resulted inour debt balance increasing by approximately 35% from $23 billion to $31billion. During this period of robust growth in our underlyingbusiness, our leverage ratio has remained relatively stable in our targetedrange of 2.5X to 3X, which has helped us maintain strong investment graderatings. We remain committed to upholding this rating, particularly given thecurrent turbulence in the credit markets, the uncertain economic environmentand the increasingly competitive marketplace.  Our strong credit rating allowed us to successfully completeour most recent $3 billion debt offering at relatively attractive terms in anotherwise very difficult credit environment. Since we are deploying in excessof our free cash flow for stock repurchases, these proceeds either have or willbe primarily utilized for funding previously announced acquisitions and debtmaturities.  We are comfortable with our current level of debt, and wewill continue to use the financial strength of our business to invest forfuture growth that maintains our competitive advantages while also returningcapital to shareholders. Now I would like to pass the call over to Steve for adiscussion on our operations.
Steve Burke: Thank you, Mike. If you look at the third quarter of 2007 in absolute terms, or relativeto our historic unit growth, it was a very strong quarter. However, relative toour expectations going into the quarter, RGUs -- revenue generating units --were slightly below where we thought they would be. We added 1.4 million RGUsduring the quarter. These RGUs equate to over $600 million in additional annualrevenues built into our subscriber base. 1.4 million new RGUs in the thirdquarter were also about double the quarterly growth we had before we launchedthe triple play.  RGUs were below where we thought they would be going intothe quarter primarily due to basic subscriber and high-speed data performance. Wethink there are two reasons for this. First, competition has intensified. Welaunched the triple play in early 2006 and for some time the RBOCs andsatellite companies did not compete with our bundle particularly effectively.Now it is clear that they are spending a lot more money, discounting more thanbefore, bundling RBOC and satellite offers and launching two product bundlesthat are getting some traction.  The second trend is the effect of a weaker economy. While asa subscription business cable is still recession resistant, it stands to reasonin difficult economic times people are more price sensitive, and on the marginless likely to upgrade or add a second or third product. A slowdown in overallhousing starts also has to have some impact on the industry subscriber trends.  The combination of increased competition and a slowingeconomy impacted our RGU net adds during the quarter but importantly thesetrends don't change the fundamental growth prospects of our business. The triple play is still a powerful offer, and it remains atthe center of our strategy. About 14% of all our video customers currently takeall three products. Those customers tend to churn less frequently than doanalog or digital customers. We continue to believe the triple play should beat the center of everything that we do. However, you will see us adapt andsharpen our marketing as our competitors activities change. Now I would like to give you an update by line of business,starting with video. While we were up about 24,000 subscribers in the last 12months, we lost 65,000 subscribers during the third quarter versus a gain of 11,000 in the previous year.  As slide 12 shows, our 2007 third quarter performance looksmore like 2005 than 2006. While we obviously would have preferred to addsubscribers during the quarter, we also think it is important to put the lossin perspective as we gained over ten times as many phone customers as we lostbasic video customers. Moving on to digital, you will see that we gained 489,000digital subscribers. Our high-def and DVR sales continue to be very strong. Weadded 325,000 digital customers with advanced boxes, which provide either high-defor DVR functionality or both. And today about 40% of all our nearly 15 milliondigital homes now have advanced services. Moving on to high-speed data, as slide 14 shows, we added450,000 subscribers which is up from 332,000 subscribers in the second quarterbut down from 538,000 last year. ARPU was $42.86, which was on par with thethird quarter last year. It does seem like overall high speed data marketgrowth is slowing slightly, but our unit growth is still about 15% per year,and we think there is plenty of growth left in this market.  Today, our penetration of homes marketed is about 27% forhigh-speed data. Many people forecastthat eventually 80% of all the homes in Americawill have broadband access. If that is true, and we maintain a 50% market sharein this market -- which we intend to do -- that would equate to 40% penetrationfor our company, a level 50% higher than where we are today. In unit terms,that would mean growing from 12.9 million high-speed data customers today toover 19 million in the future. During the third quarter, 61% of our net adds came from DSL,14% came from other cable companies, and only 25% came from narrow band. We nowthink it is time to introduce a lower speed tier and use it very selectively toget a greater share of narrow band conversion. We also believe we can launch someeffective two-product bundles with just phone and data. Moving on to our telephone business, as slide 15 shows, weadded 662,000 CDV, Comcast Digital Voice, subscribers during the quarter and wenow have about 3.8 million IP-based phone customers. We think there is a lotmore phone growth ahead of us. Our penetration today is 9.4% of the 40.3million homes that we market phone to. Given our success in early markets andthe track record of other cable companies, we think it is reasonable to assumewe reach 25% phone penetration in a few years, which would mean growing to over11 million CDV customers. Moving ahead to financial performance, OCF grew 13% duringthe quarter despite a drag from our wind down of the circuit switch business ofabout 1.5 percentage points. Our margin improved from 39.6% to 40.2% or 0.6%.We are now starting to see good cost improvement as we scale our CDV andcommercial businesses so there should be more margin improvement in the future. At this point, we've successfully completed all of the manynetwork conversions from the nearly 4 million subscribers we inherited fromAdelphia, Time Warner, Susquehanna and Patriot. These systems now havecomparable margins to the legacy Comcast operations. They will also providesome good revenue upside as we launch and market new products now that theconversions are done. Last but certainly not least, our commercial business isstarting to kick into gear. Our total commercial revenue passed $100 millionfor the first time in the third quarter. We have hired and trained 750 businesssalespeople and trained 1,200 technicians to install and service businesscustomers. Each of our 29 operating regions have now introduced Comcastbusiness class as our commercial brand, supporting data, voice and television.Based on our projections, 2008 will be a year of rapid expansion and meaningfulcontribution to our overall OCF growth rate. Looking to 2008 and beyond, we continue to see very solidgrowth. Basic video subscribers will be a game of inches as a mature categorywith lots of competition, but high-speed data, Comcast Digital and Voice andComcast business services should all experience significant growth for years tocome.  With intensified competition and so many different product lines,our growth in any single business in any given quarter may not be a straightline. However, if you look at our growth in total, over time it is animpressive story and one that we know will continue for many years to come. Now we will open it up to questions.
Marlene Dooner:  Thanks a lot, Steve.Operator, could we now open up the lines for Q&A, please?
Operator: Your first question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen - MerrillLynch.
JessicaReif-Cohen - Merrill Lynch: First on the buyback, you didn't mention a timeframe. Canyou comment? Are you planning to use free cash flow as it comes in or can yoube more aggressive? Would you consider a dividend?  How are you changing marketing? Steve, I think you saidyou're going to sharpen your marketing, but given the more competitiveenvironment, what changes will you make over the next year?
Steve Burke:  Jessica, why don't Istart on the marketing side? I think our feeling is that we had a fairly openfield for about a year with the triple play, and then not unexpectedly ourcompetition got better. What they did is they synthetically made a triple play,sort of taking a page out of our playbook. They synthetically made a tripleplay by putting satellite in tightly bundled with DSL and phone. That waseffective. All of the RBOCs have been running two product promotions. By andlarge we have not. Those have been effective.  So I think you're going to see us do what we call tripleplay 2.0 which is the next evolution of triple play, and there will be a somenuances and some freshening. I also think you will see us do two products andone product offers more aggressively than we have in the past.  The real balance here is to make sure that we continue todrive the business, continue to post the kind of operating cash flow results wedo. But I think there are things we can do to step up the pace of RGUs and youwill see those play out over time. Beyond that, I wouldn't want to get too muchmore specific because it is obviously competitive, and I don't want ourcompetitors to know precisely what our plans are.
John Alchin:  On the buybackquestion, Jessica, this year as Mike reported we've spent more than 100% offree cash flow, something like 139% year-to-date on buyback. We also believefree cash flow will grow. In absolute terms, we are hoping to be able to usethe free cash flow. Right now we are preferring buybacks to dividends. The companyhas had a dividend in past years, but so far we've been able to buy back theamount of shares we have, and we right now want to continue to do that.  So it is over the next couple years. There is no specificanswer to the question, but we do also believe that we are going to haveincreasing free cash flow and that we do want to keep the leverage roughly inthe range that we described. If you put those together, I think you will seethat it should prove to be larger absolute dollars, which is why we had alarger buyback announcement than we have at any time in the company's history.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Moffett - SanfordBernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Brian, you mentioned in the preamble conversation that yourstrategy is new products on one network. Can we take that to mean thatwireless, which would obviously be a second network, is not part of yourstrategy? Under what circumstances would you see wireless as a necessary partof the strategy?
Brian Roberts: First of all, it would be wonderful if we had perfectclarity on wireless. I understand that issue, that overhang if you will. We areworking hopefully with Sprint and the other cable MSOs to reach a perfectaltitude if we can in that venture.  At the same time, the definition of wireless and what a strategicfit or implication to a cable company is frankly not perfectly clear at thistime. We continue to assess it. There is probably no perfect answer. If youwant to be able to use products throughout the home, you're going to want wirelesscapabilities which is a different network but it is managed and serviced by us.Outside of the home, is it just voice, is it going to be wireless Internet, isit going to be video content? These are questions. Our view is there is no new news today. We are studying it.We are working. We are experimenting. Iwould like to believe we have a solid track record on dealing with these kindsof new issues. We continue to be extremely disciplined when it comes toconsidering any activities. I think our goalis to figure out as an offensive and shareholder creating value, anything wewould do in this space, but at this time there is really nothing new.  There is an auction coming up and I think that tends to stirthe pot as people say, am I satisfied with our position? That is really what Ithink has created so much chatter. But frankly there is nothing new. It issomething we are constantly assessing. Ultimately I hope we will present goodalternatives for our consumers that are great for our shareholders. I think that is doable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Could you give us some insights into the competitive impacton those areas that you have the greatest overlap with Verizon or the greatestoverlap with the synthetic bundle that you've talked about in terms of maybethe trends there so we could extrapolate that across the footprint as itincreases from the competitive environment from telcos? Secondly, on the digital phone this is the first quarter inwhich we've seen the net adds decline sequentially 662,000 versus 673,000. Iwas wondering if you could give us some insight there as well? Thank you.
Steve Burke: If you look at our subscriber trends by RBOC -- in otherwords Verizon, AT&T and Qwest -- the interesting thing is AT&T andQwest did well versus us, and the disparity between how AT&T performed inComcast systems and Verizon is not that great. Verizon was slightly morecompetitive, but not all that much on video. On high-speed data actuallyAT&T was more competitive than Verizon despite FiOS with us.  So I think when you see a very deeply discounted triple playbundle that includes EchoStar from AT&T where they say we are going to givesatellite service away for free for a year -- which is what AT&T was doinguntil fairly recently -- that has an impact in the market. It is interesting when you look at it. It is really all ofthe RBOCs. Qwest got more competitive. Qwest started running more competitivepromotions, as well. If you then look at phone, we don't think we are atcruising altitude with phone. We will be, in my opinion, growing. We aregetting closer to cruising altitude than we were two or three quarters ago whenwe were halfway there. But we will be adding another 10% in footprint, and ourexpectation would be that our phone numbers would continue to grow. But again,it is not going to be 100% linear as it was in the third or fourth inning ofthe growth process. So we would expect future quarters to be higher. But itwill be uneven.
Operator: Your next question comes from Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns.
 Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns: Just to clarify the CapEx in the quarter, I think right now you are run rating to anannual cable CapEx number of about $6 billion as opposed to your $5.7 billionguidance. So is part of that just timing related to the one year advanced digital set-tops added inthe quarter that weren't in the RGU numbers? The second question is oncommercial. Can you give us a sense of what percent of your data and voice netadds were business customers in the quarter? Thank you.
Michael Angelakis: With regards to CapEx, in the fourth quarter we clearlyexpect CapEx to come down, and we are maintaining the guidance we did for theyear on cable CapEx. I think it is a bitlumpy and somewhat accelerated.  With regard to the second question on business net adds, wereally have not disclosed those numbers and gone into specifics. I do not think we're going to go into that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Jayant - LehmanBrothers.
Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers: Steve, could you talk about your bandwidth recapture effortso far really switch digital video and analog recapture, how those rollouts aregoing? Do you have enough bandwidth right now to remain competitive on HD nowgiven what DIRECTV is suggesting? Thank you.
Steve Burke: I think the end of your question is the real question. Asthe country increasingly converts to HD -- which is clearly happening at thispoint -- we are anticipating HD sales this Christmas are going to be 30%, 40%,50% higher than they were last year. Once a trend like that happens and theprices come down and the product is so good we would anticipate the high-defconversion to accelerate, not decelerate.  One interesting point, more people get high-definitiontelevision from Comcast today than both DIRECTV and EchoStar combined. We areclearly the high-def leader. If you look at our current product assortmentthere may be people who have more channels than we do, but no one has more high-defoptions. If you look at our high-def VOD on a given night you might have 200movies if you are a subscriber to Comcast versus ten if you are a customer of acompetitor. I think it is very importantthat we keep that high-def lead.  What we are doing right now is fairly limited analogrecapture, as our digital penetration rises -- today it is in the low 60s. Bythe end of the year it will be much higher. By the end of next year it will bemuch higher still. The number of analog only expanded basic customers shrink,and therefore we are able to selectively take channels from analog to digital.We've done that.  There are systems that have taken four or five channels. Whenyou take four or five it is two or three to one in terms of your high-def adds.And we've been able to keep ahead of it. Longer-term -- and when I say longer-term I mean in the nextyear or so --, you are going to see us employing switch digital, which wouldthen open up infinite capacity. We have a couple switch digital trials rightnow, one in Cherry Hill, New Jersey,another in Denver. The technologyworks great. It is clearly going to be a big part of eventually getting a lotmore high-def bandwidth.  Our goal is to make sure that we are competitive at anypoint in time. We are today. We will be six months from now. We will be 12 monthsfrom now. There will be a lot of noise. I think satellite is doing exactly whatwe would do with if we were in their shoes. They only have one product, andthat is video. They figured out a way to get more video capacity so they aregoing to make a lot of noise about having a lot of high-def channels. We thinkour high-def quality is better than satellite today and most people who reallyfollow that would agree with that.  Satellite has their own high-def challenges. In manyinstances if you want all 100 channels you have to get a new box, an MPEG4 box,you have to put a new dish, a very large and heavy dish on your roof. So there area variety of reasons why cable has advantages with high-def. We want to makesure that continues and ultimately switch digital will be a big part of that.
Brian Roberts:  I just want to alsoadd to that I think that both short term and long term, as Steve has said, weare in pretty strong shape that we are convinced we are going to have a veryrobust offering. I think we're going tostart shouting that from the rooftops to the consumer, perhaps more stronglythan we have. I think that there is anopportunity here to be superior and to claim that superiority. We need to dothat.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Eagan - Oppenheimer.
 Tom Eagan - Oppenheimer: I was hoping to drill down a little bit on CDV. Could youtalk about your marketing efforts? Your subs were a little bit lumpy, the addswere a little bit below Q2.  I was hoping you could talk also about what you're hearingfrom customers. Have you been hearing more service complaints, say for examplein Q3 versus Q2 or this year versus last year? Maybe talk a little bit aboutthe level of disconnects Q3 to Q2.  Lastly, when do you think you may see the net adds peak inCDV customers? Thanks.
Steve Burke:   Let me start with the peak by saying we don't know. We dothink next year by all accounts should be a stronger year for CDV in terms ofnet adds than it is this year. But we are in virgin territory here. We havenever fully rolled out CDV. We basically started the process 18 months or soago in a full way. We are learning every day in terms of the triple play. We arelearning a lot about the dynamic of bringing customers in, which customers youbring in, whether they port a number or don't port a number.  The reliability of the network is getting better,significantly better. While there are on occasion service issues, by and largewe don't think that that is a factor. In the established markets that have beenaround for a while we are finding service calls going down and the stability ofthe network is fine.  But there are a whole variety of things that we are learningon a system-by-system basis in terms of taking customers that come out of 12-monthpromotions and putting them into the right packages. We will continue to getsmarter on that. I think one of the issues is when you are a company that isas large as we are with as many products as we have with as many differentmoving pieces, whether it is housing starts or other factors, when you aretalking about 50,000 subscribers up or down it is very, very difficult topredict. I wish we could be more precisewith our predictive power but the numbers are so large, our company is so largeand so many of these products and promotions are so new you really have got tolook at the general trends I think and not place too much emphasis.  Everybody likes to look at the marginal 50,000 subscribersbut the reality is we have 25 million video subscribers. We added 1.4 millionRGUs and that kind of precision, particularly when competition and the economyare changing all the time, is difficult to have.
Operator: Your next question comes from Benjamin Swinburne - MorganStanley.
BenjaminSwinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks for taking the question. Steve, if I could ask aboutthe ARPU trends on video in the quarter, they were down a bit from 2Q. Youtalked about AT&T's synthetic bundles having an impact on pricing. Is ityour expectation that you are going to have to bring pricing down, as well tokeep market share levels across the product base? Or is this a temporary and irrationaldecision on their part that may be unwinds as we head into the back end of thisyear and into next year?
Steve Burke:  There are competitorswho are certainly doing things in terms of pricing that we wouldn't do. I thinkto give away video for a year is not something that we would ever do in any ofour markets in any package. You hate to make an absolute statement, but I thinkthat is questionable pricing in my opinion.  The fact of the matter is there is a technical thing goingon with our video ARPU in that when we do a triple play bundle we preserve thepricing of the high-speed data and the phone products and absorb adisproportionate amount of the discount on video. So I think when you look atthe mix of our business we did not increase video promotional pricing. Obviouslythe triple play as a percentage of the total continues to grow something like14% of all of our video customers are now triple play. So I think there is somemechanical accounting going on there.  The fact of the matter is our overall ARPU went from $92 ayear ago to over $102 today and it continues to grow. That is really how welook at the business. When we add a triple play customer, let's our overallARPU is $102, and a triple play customer is $125. We like that business,regardless of what the precise accounting allocation is to the line that saysvideo ARPU.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Joyce - Miller Tabak.
David Joyce - Miller Tabak:  Can you determine atthis point how much of your platform is exposed to Verizon's FiOS triple playversus AT&T's U-verse and Home Zone? When you've got certain, maybe one-offpromotions, if you are keeping the pricing relatively intact but maybe offeringcontent, does that still affect your margin? Are you still paying theprogrammers for increased affiliates on that?
Brian Roberts:    I think the numberand it changes every day, obviously, of Verizon triple play as opposed to justVerizon FiOS data, Verizon triple play overlap I think is around 4% or 5%.AT&T is tougher for us to tell because AT&T markets that we think thatthey have announced that they are marketing television we really can't find anyof their customers. So I think AT&T is harder to tell Verizon's 4% or 5%with triple play. That number should grow. In terms of value added, it really depends on the programsupplier. There's a lot of things that we do that are value added that have nocost. Sometimes your programming deals would have a fixed fee and incrementalsubscribers would be at no cost to us. Very often when we get a deal like thatwe will use the content as a promotional add-on in a way that doesn't cost usanything.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Greenfield - PaliCapital.
Rich Greenfield - Pali Research: When you think about the competitive uptick that you'veseen, obviously DIRECTV is focusing on the HD side of it and a lot on the HDsports side of it. Could you just comment, DIRECTV has been talking about doingthis for a couple of years, is it really all that surprising? What would leadyou to not be more aggressive? Brian, you made the comment that you are goingto spend more time marketing your HD, what you have today.  Why did it get to this point? Why does it seem like, at leastfrom a marketing message standpoint, that cable is behind? How does the wholeBig Ten situation which is another HD sports benefit to DIRECTV and EchoStar,how do you let that happen or at least the rationale behind it? Thanks a lot.
Steve Burke:
 :  Rich, I don't thinkwe've let anything happen. The HD comments, we were basically saying that the phonecompanies were getting better at marketing a triple play and a double play. ObviouslyDIRECTV is spending a lot of money behind high-def,, that is exactly what wethought they would do. We've added a lot of high-def VOD capacity, and we havea lot of high-def channels, almost all of our systems have a very robustcomplement of high-def, so I don't think that was anything different. I don't think the intensified competitionduring the third quarter really had anything at all to do with high-def. Ithink it was much more a competitive response to the triple play.
Brian Roberts:  That is exactly whatI was going to say, the same thing. I was pointing out first of all, high-def continues to be aminority of television in this country by the vast proportion. So when in ourcase we put a lot of energy around triple play and what we started to see wassome double play and if you will, single play marketing. We have a fabulousstory in high-def alone. As we get closer to the Christmas season, when a lot ofpeople out there are making those purchases as Steve said, we have been winningthe majority of the high-def homes as they convert over. We will continue to dothat. I think we were technically ready. The story is, as you knowwe have hundreds of high-def choices; when you sit down to watch TV today morethan our competitors, and that is what we think matters most. When you dosurveys of consumers you see they like our high-def offerings better.  The fact is, as Steve said because it is the only thing theyare talking about and they are doing it on a national basis, it has gotten somemore attention and we have a message ready to come back in that. As to your Big Ten question I am not going to specifically address any programming matter, any one channel.Generally speaking, you have [inaudible]. As Steve said, on the margins thereare different decisions you make that are either financially driven or othermotives. We don't think every channel should get an analog basic and chargeevery consumer for the privilege of having that channel.  We have been trying to give more choice and flexibility toour consumers. We don't think that has had any material impact at all. In fact,the financial impact of what has been asked from some of the channels that are wantingto get on in that way is hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars over fiveor seven years. It is in the billions of dollars. We think that is not thelong-term trend of then having to raise peoples' rates more for every singlenew channel that somebody wants to create. So we are trying to create more packages, more flexibilityand sometimes you get into a disagreement where they won't let you carry thechannel at all if you won't put it into every single home. I think we are on the side of the consumer onthis; in the long run, 80%, 90% of the consumers won't watch that channel.  Again, theoretically speaking and I think that some of ourcompetitors will then carry it and try to make that a marketing differentiationfeature. That is part of competition. Ithink we are not in any way affected, in a material way, by any of the disputesthat are going on.
Operator: Your final question comes from Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse.
Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse: How much of an impact will the proposed FCC ruling banningexclusive MDU agreements have on your business? Can you quantify whatpercentage of your subscriber revenue base comes from these contracts? Secondly, what are you thinking in terms of video priceincreases for next year? Given the increased competition as well as theeconomy, does it really make sense to raise rates in line with historical rateincreases?
Steve Burke:  Well, I think we'vepulled back slightly this year. We are in the mid-fours. It varies by division.If you are looking out a year from now we haven't made that decision. I thinkvideo price increases have moderated pretty much every year for the last fiveor so years. The fact of the matter is we and all of our competitors arereceiving price increases from the programmers. If you don't increase prices alittle bit, those increases eat up your profitability.
Brian Roberts:  In terms of the MDU, itis about 10% of our customers that would be affected by such a ruling. We thinkwe would then be able to compete effectively in those cases we would be theincumbent, and we don't anticipate it being a huge thing, although we are notsure why the government needs to create a rule such as that and get betweenwhat rights the apartment owner may want to do with contracts they choose tolet. Sometimes we lose those agreementsto competitors, and that is just a form of competition. I think those are about the size of thenumbers.
Marlene Dooner:  Thank you. Operator,you can now close the call.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-26 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: John Alchin - CFO, Executive Vice President, Treasurer   Brian Roberts - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer   Steve Burke - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President; President, Comcast Cable 
Analysts: Spencer Wang  Bear Stearns   Jessica Reif-Cohen  Merrill Lynch   Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein   Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs   Albert Lyon - Wachovia Securities   Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers   Jason Bazinet  Citigroup   Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank   Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Comcast second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President and co-CFO, Mr. John Alchin. Please go ahead. 
John Alchin : Thanks, operator and welcome to our second quarter 2007 earnings call. If we sound like we're not all in one place this morning, it's because we're not. Brian and Steve are at the NCTA executive retreat in Washington, while Ralph, Michael, David, Marlene and I are here in Philly.  This is also the last call that I will be hosting, as Michael has agreed that he will do the third quarter call in October. I've done almost 70 of these calls since 1990, a year in which we reported $657 million in revenue, about $270 million in operating cash flow, and we had 2.4 million subscribers. Our entire team has contributed to deliver 14.4% compound annual growth in our stock price since the beginning of 1990, over 330 basis points ahead of the S&P. That's amazing growth, but as I've said before, the best is yet to come.  Before we start, I again need to refer everybody to slide 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition in this call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our press release for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures back to GAAP.  Now for opening remarks, I will pass to our CEO, Brian Roberts, for his comments. 
Brian Roberts: Thank you, John. You are indeed one of a kind. You're not going anywhere, so we won't say any more than thank you today. I'm excited that this is your 70th call.  This is a continuation this quarter, an execution of our strategy that seems to really be working. We're providing customers with superior products in a compelling triple play package that is clearly driving growth. That strategy continues to deliver real and sustainable momentum and, I believe, strong results.  For the second quarter, we're reporting double-digit growth in cable revenue and operating cash flow, marking our 28th consecutive quarter, seven full years of double-digit quarterly OCF growth. We're now generating in excess of $101 in average monthly revenue per video subscriber, up $10.00 since this time in '06. With CDV, high-speed data and digital contributing $9.00 of the $10.00 of that growth, you can see why we are so focused on RGUs.  This is our fourth consecutive quarter of record-breaking RGUs additions. We added 1.6 million in the quarter, we're up 94% over the prior year. At the same time, we completed the immense operational task, and Steve will talk more about it, of deploying an unprecedented 2.1 million digital cable set-top boxes in advance of the July 1 regulatory deadline, and we reached nearly 60% digital penetration.  Our momentum in CDV continues. We now serve more than 3 million customers with CDV, having done that in really only two years. The growth will continue. With digital video penetration at 60%, 26% for high-speed data and only 8% for CDV, we believe we have lots of room for growth.  Today, we're able to deliver our three services and scale to more than 38 million homes in our markets, and that's a competitive timing advantage that we believe we can continue to leverage. To do that, we're reinvesting capital to drive new services faster and build new businesses like small and medium-size business, and those investments all are generating returns in excess of 25%.  At the same time, we're reinvesting in the company by consistently buying back our stock. In the second quarter alone, we bought back $752 million, or 27.9 million shares. Year-to-date in '07, that's $1.3 billion, or 46.6 million shares. Absent anything else happening, we expect to do that in the rest of the year.  We are on track to achieve all of our goals this year as cable growth accelerates in the second half of 2007. We continue to be very bullish about the future and expect the strength and momentum of our business to continue to deliver this kind of growth for years to come. 
John Alchin : Thanks, Brian. We're really excited about the results of this quarter. The consolidated results are driven by particularly strong results at Comcast Cable and the impact of the Cable Systems acquisitions. Consolidated revenue for the quarter increased 31% to $7.7 billion, while consolidated operating cash flow grew 30% to $3 billion.  Consolidated operating income increased 25% to $1.5 billion, driven by our strong operating results at Cable, including record-setting RGUs additions. Operating income was offset in part by increased depreciation and amortization of $1.5 billion, a 36% increase from the prior year. This increase is primarily the result of the effects of higher CapEx and the D&A associated with our newly acquired systems. This level of D&A should recur for the remaining quarters of 2007.  Net income increased 28% to $588 million, or $0.19 a share, up from $0.15 a share in the second quarter of 2006. In addition to strong operating results at Comcast Cable, the current quarter also includes $126 million of investment income driven by an increase in the fair market value of our investment portfolio and income related to the sale of certain investments.  Our programming division revenue increased 22% in the second quarter to $334 million. Programming division operating cash flow increased 27% to $75 million. These increases reflect higher viewership, higher advertising and increased distribution revenue. Year-to-date, programming revenue increased 24% from the first half of 2006 and operating cash flow increased 28% to $140 million.  Corporate and other revenue increased to $48 million from $37 million in the second quarter of 2006. The revenue increase was primarily due to acquisitions at Comcast Interactive Media. Corporate and other operating cash flow loss for the second quarter was $94 million compared to a loss of $74 million a year ago.  Now let's review our cable division results, beginning with the revenue highlight slide, slide 5. Record-setting RGU net additions led to revenue increases across all product categories. As always, we are presenting cable results on a pro forma basis. Pro forma cable results include the results of Adelphia-Time Warner transactions, the Susquehanna acquisition and the Houston Systems as if these transactions were effective on January 1, 2006. I would ask you to refer to the press release and specifically to note 1 and table 7(a) for the details of that adjustment.  Pro forma cable revenue for the second quarter increased 12% to $7.3 billion with cable operating cash flow increasing the 13% to $3 billion. Year-to-date, pro forma cable revenue increased 12% to $14.3 billion while year-to-date cable operating cash flow increased 14% to $5.8 billion.  We added 1.6 million RGUs in the second quarter, the highest level of second quarter net additions in the company's history. Year-to-date, we have added a total of 3.4 million RGUs, 77% above last years pace of 1.9 million.  Total video revenue increased 7% to $4.5 billion. The increase reflects growth in digital cable customers and increased demand for new Digital features, including On-Demand, digital video recorders and high-definition televisions, as well as higher basic cable pricing.  As expected, basic cable subscribers decreased 95,000 to 24.1 million during the second quarter in what is historically a weak quarter for basic subscriber additions. Year-to-date, basic subscribers decreased 20,000 compared to a decrease of 40,000 in the same period last year.  We added a record 823,000 digital cable subscribers in the second quarter, almost 2.5 times the 337,000 customers that were added in the second quarter of 2006, and up almost 30% from the first quarter of this year. We accelerated our deployment of digital cable service in the second quarter in advance of the July 1 regulatory deadline. At the same time, we installed a record 2.1 million digital boxes; that is two-and-a-half boxes per net add this quarter, and two times the number of boxes installed in the first quarter of this year. I'll comment on the impact on operating cash flow from this activity on the next slide and you will see more from Steve about the success of our digital strategy.  We now have nearly 60%, or 14 million of our video customers, taking our digital product. The 823,000 subscriber additions for the quarter are made up of 202,000 digital cable customers taking full service, or digital cable with advanced features, and 621,000 taking the digital starter service.  During the quarter, 441,000 digital cable customers added advanced services such as high-definition and DVRs, to their digital service, either by upgrading or as new customers. This is a 50% increase compared to the 294,000 additions in the same quarter a year ago. So as you look at the overall mix of our digital cable customer profile, 20% of our 14 million digital customers take the digital starter service, 40% take full digital and another 40% take our advanced digital service. What this means is that 80% of our digital customers pay us at least $65 or more a month. The incremental revenue generated by our digital tiers is a key driver and represents half of the increase in video revenue.  All of our digital customers have access to On-Demand and we continue to see strong increases in movie purchases through this service. As a result, pay-per-view revenues increased 25% to $211 million in the second quarter. This is the tenth consecutive quarter that pay-per-view revenue has increased more than 20% on average.  We're also really pleased this morning with the continued strength of our High-speed Data business. High-speed data revenues grew 20% to $1.6 billion, reflecting the addition of 330,000 subscribers. For this quarter, average revenue per high-speed data subscriber continues to be stable at approximately $43, in line with prior periods. High-speed data customers, like basic subscribers, are impacted by seasonality, but we remain on track to meet our 2007 targets.  Year-to-date, high-speed data net adds are up 6% to 893,000 compared to 844,000 in the first half of 2006. We ended the quarter which 12.4 million high-speed data customers and high-speed data penetration now exceeds 26% compared to 23% a year earlier. We continue to believe that there's really significant growth potential in high-speed data as our sell-in rate continues to be strong at north of 55%.  Our phone business had another record quarter as well. Total phone revenue almost doubled to over $420 million in the second quarter, driven by a record 671,000 net adds. Almost 85% of our total phone revenue now comes from our Comcast Digital Voice service. The $208 million increase in phone revenue includes a $56 million decline in circuit-switch phone revenue as we focus on marketing CDV service in most of our markets.  As we exit 2007, the drag on revenue growth from the wind down of our circuit-switch business will decrease significantly. Excluding the decline in circuit-switch phone revenue in the second quarter, cable revenue for the second quarter would have increased 13% as opposed to the 12% that we are reporting.  Moving on to advertising revenue, this decreased 1% to $399 million in the second quarter, reflecting the continued weakness in regional advertising, specifically in key categories like domestic auto. We reported approximately one-third the political advertising revenue in the current quarter compared to a year ago as 2006 included political revenues from state primaries, notably in Florida and California. As we enter the third and fourth quarters of this year, the absence of political revenue will continue to result in difficult comparisons to the prior year. Even with the relative absence of political advertising in the current year, we expect full year advertising revenue to be in line with that of last year.  Moving on to operating cash flow growth and margin, this is slide 6. We are reporting strong second quarter and year-to-date cable operating cash flow growth. Cable operating cash flow increased 13% this quarter to $3 billion, delivering margins of 41.3%, 40 basis points above the second quarter 2006 number. Margin improvement reflects strong double-digit revenue growth and our continuing success in controlling the growth of operating costs, even as we experience increases in call center and installation activity, as well as increased headcount and other costs to support the higher residential RGUs and new businesses, such as commercial services.  With record RGUs and digital acceleration in a second quarter, customer service call volumes were up almost 40%, and our headcount is up about 15% from second quarter 2006, primarily in areas of customer care and technicians. We estimate that the abnormal level of activity in the second quarter created a drag of approximately 1% on operating cash flow growth.  Despite this extraordinary level of activity, our margins continued to improve due to solid revenue growth and the benefits of scale, including declining network and other costs as we scale our high-speed data business and Comcast Digital Voice.  Cable capital expenditures for the quarter were $1.6 billion, up 52% compared to the $1 billion of last year, driven by a 94% increase in RGUs and a 50% increase in the number of advanced set-top boxes that were deployed in the second quarter. CapEx continues to be predominantly variable and revenue driven. For the second quarter, as has been the case in the past, capital spent on new service offerings represents nearly three-quarters of total cable capital expenditures and is directly associated with new product deployment and consumer demand for new services.  As you can see in slide 7, 78% of the increase in residential cable CapEx in the second quarter was related to new service offerings with 61% of that increase alone in the form of customer premise equipment.  In addition to the increase in capital expenditures related to new service offerings, support capital increased $100 million. The increase relates to upfront purchases of equipment and vehicles to support the increase and employees necessary to install and maintain the growing number of RGUs. The commercial services impact on capital spending in the second quarter was $26 million. We continue to build the team and the infrastructure for the small to medium-size business that we're building and we expect our activity in this sector will increase as the year progresses.  Year-to-date, cable capital expenditures totaled approximately $3 billion. Three factors are driving higher CapEx spending in the first half of the year: first, accelerated digital box rollout in advance of the July 1 regulatory date; secondly, the integration and improvements to the acquired systems that are now almost complete; and thirdly, purchases of vehicles and equipment to support the increased product growth. We expect a decline in cable CapEx in the second half of 2007 due to a decrease in variable capital expenditures. Spending in digital net adds will moderate and we expect a significant decline in investments in the acquired systems, vehicles and other equipment. We expect cable CapEx as a percentage of revenue in the second half of the year to decline.  In the second quarter. we generated $368 million of consolidated free cash flow compared to $462 million a year ago. Year-to-date, free cash flow is $810 million, compared to $1.3 billion year-to-date in 2006. Free cash flow reflects, first of all, growth in consolidated operating cash flow, offset by increased CapEx, driven by record-setting RGU additions and the significant increase in the number of digital customers added with advanced services; and secondly, higher cash paid for intangibles driven primarily by software licenses related to CDV additions.  The reconciliation that we show on slide 8 to calculate free cash flow also includes certain non-operating items net of tax. The 2007 year-to-date amount primarily includes proceeds from sales of trading securities. As we move into the second half of the year, we expect growth in operating cash flow and a reduction in CapEx in the last six months of the year to result in increased free cash flow in the remaining two quarters of 2007, and we are reaffirming that 2007 free cash flow will approximate that of 2006.  We are continuing to reinvest well in excess of our free cash flow in stock repurchases. As Brian mentioned in his opening comments, during the second quarter we bought back $752 million, or 27.9 million shares. Year-to-date, we have bought back 46.6 million shares for a total of $1.3 billion in investment, reducing our shares outstanding by a further 1.5%.  Since inception of the buyback program in 2003, we have repurchased approximately 421 million shares, including the redemption of certain Comcast exchangeables for a total investment of about $8.6 billion at an average price of approximately $20 a share, reducing total shares outstanding by more than 12% and we still have remaining availability under our stock repurchase program of approximately $1.8 billion. Since inception of our buyback program, we have used more than 100% of our free cash flow to buy back stock.  In the second quarter, we announced and closed the acquisition of Fandango, as well as acquiring ownership stakes in two regional sports networks serving the Bay Area and New England for a combined investment of approximately $760 million.  Our debt balance remained relatively unchanged from the first quarter, but you should expect debt to increase approximately $31 billion by year end with the closing of previously announced acquisitions of Patriot Media and Insight in the second half of the year. We will continue to make investments to support our already strong business at the same time as remaining focused on returning capital to shareholders.  Steve will now give you more insight into the operational strength of our business. 
Steve Burke: Thank you, John and good morning everybody. As those of you follow our company know, traditionally the second quarter has been our slowest quarter of the year due to seasonality. However, this year was an exception. We actually had a very busy second quarter and the activity levels measured in terms of RGUs were almost twice what they were a year ago, and in terms of just the pace of change in activity in our systems, it was a very, very busy time.  The reason for this increased activity is that going into the second quarter this year, we had two priorities that werent quite as paramount as they were when you compare them to last year. The first, which we've talked about, was accelerating our digital rollout due to the FCC's July 1 deadline; and the second was to continue ramping our phone business at a dramatic pace despite the normal seasonality that we experienced during the second quarter.  Starting off with our digital rollout, about six months ago, we decided to buy out the production runs of low-end and advanced set-top boxes so we could install as many boxes as possible before the July 1 deadline when separable security makes boxes over $50 more expensive per box. As a result, we stepped up our digital marketing, our sales and our installation and added 823,000 new digital subscribers during the quarter, as John mentioned, about 2.5 times as many as we added during the same quarter a year ago.  It's easy to say we did 2.5 times as many boxes, but that equates to hundreds of thousands of truck rolls, lots of activity getting those boxes installed. When you take into account additional outlets, we actually installed roughly 2.1 million digital boxes during a 13-week period, which is a huge amount of activity.  Our digital penetration has grown to about 58.5% which we think is important for a variety of reasons. Digital customers get better picture quality, are able to use video on demand and churn less than analog-only customers. While this digital acceleration cost us during the quarter both in terms of capital and increased operating cost, we can expect a good return on this investment in the future.  The second big priority for the quarter was our phone rollout. During the second quarter of 2007, we added 671,000 CDV phone customers, an 18% increase in net adds from the first quarter and double the net adds we had in the second quarter last year. Increased phone net adds this quarter were partly due to expanding our footprint, but importantly, we also increased our penetration gain in our existing footprint and this is something that we keep a very close eye on and will become increasingly important in the future.  During the quarter, we gained 14 basis point of penetration per week, up from 10 basis point of penetration per week a year ago. 14 basis points of penetration annualizes to about a 7.1% annual penetration gain per year. The good news is that as markets mature from being CDV marketable for six months to 12 months to 18 months, that annual penetration gain increases mathematically. What is going to happen is, as we going to the third and fourth quarter and into 2008, the percentage of our markets that are mature are going to increase and our weekly penetration gains should go up as well.  Despite the fact that we really got going less than two years ago, today, we have a fairly sizable phone business with about 3.1 million CDV subscribers and 3.5 million total phone subscribers at quarter's end. This means that as of today, 12.8% of all of our basic video customers now have phone, a percentage that will climb quickly in the future as we continue our rollout.  The metrics that we look at inside of our phone business continue to be very solid. During the quarter 88%, of our new phone customers took all three products, up about 10 full percentage points from the second quarter of 2006. Our average triple play ARPU was just under $125 per sub per month for the new customers that we put on.  Finally, we're now starting to see fairly small numbers during this quarter, but the numbers will get bigger in the third and fourth quarter and in 2008. We're now starting to see people roll off their initial 12-month promotional plans, and the good news is both in terms of revenue and churn, we're right where we expected to be. Last but not least, as our phone business grows, we're also seeing unit cost decline nicely due to the economics of the business as we scale getting better and better.  Moving on to basic subscribers, we lost 95,000 subscribers during the quarter. If you have the slides, as slide 12 shows, we traditionally lose subscribers in the second quarter and this year was no exception. While we may have done slightly better had we prioritized basic ahead of digital and telephone, we think our market makeup and normal seasonality makes most of this swing inevitable.  Moving on to the next slide, high-speed data net adds were about equal to 2006 during the same quarter. Acquired systems did worse than last year because we had a lot of network conversions getting people onto our e-mail and onto our platform. During these conversions, we typically take our foot off the gas in terms of marketing. In the classic Comcast systems, we did slightly better than last year for the quarter. We expect the high-speed data business will increase significantly in the second half of 2007.  As a final point to just show where we stand as we're halfway through 2007, slide 14 shows how many of our basic video customers now have more than one service. Due to our RGU acceleration, almost 60% of our video customers have digital, over half of our basic video customers have high-speed data and over 12% have phone. We think this is a very strong competitive position which is only going to get stronger and there is also plenty of headroom for future growth.  So looking forward to the second half of 2007, we expect to see continued ramping of our telephone business, a drop actually in quarterly net adds for digital as our business normalizes in the third and fourth quarter, accelerating high-speed data and basic subscriber trends and continued strong financial performance, leading to what we think is going to be another great year in 2007 for Comcast Cable.  John. 
John Alchin : Thanks a lot, Steve. Operator, can we now open the line, please, for Q&A. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Spencer Wang  Bear Stearns. 
 Spencer Wang  Bear Stearns: Thanks and good morning. I just want to go back to the basic sub number. John, you guys lost 95,000 this quarter, which is a little bit worse than what you guys saw last year in the second quarter. One would have thought with the broader triple play roll out you would have seen maybe an improvement.  Can you just talk about what was driving that? Was that the prioritization issues that you talked about, vis--vis some of the other initiatives? How much of that was just competition? If you could update us, that would be great. 
John Alchin :   Very much so, Spencer, and I think I will ask Steve to really give a lot of color around that. 
John Alchin:
Operator: (Operator Instructions) 
John Alchin : I am sorry, but I thought because Brian and Steve were in Washington that they would just connect right in there. 
 Steve Burke : John, I am here. I think there is no question that when you prioritize digital and have as much activity as we did, that prioritization takes your eye off of other things. That having been said, our businesses, our systems are structured so there is a certain amount of move activity in places in the south, college towns, et cetera that no matter whether you have the triple play or are increasing your marketing, people are leaving town. We dont think  it is interesting, if you look at last year, each of the four quarters last year we felt we had good quarters and yet we lost 90,000 subs in the second quarter and came right back in the third and fourth. So we dont consider it a cause for concern. Some of it is just the normal seasonality of the business, which is very hard to market against. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jessica Reif-Cohen  Merrill Lynch. 
 Jessica Reif-Cohen  Merrill Lynch: Thank you. The other area of disappointment for us, at least, was the high speed data subs. Is there something going on in the industry in light of AT&Ts DSL subs? Can you talk about why you are so confident that second half high speed data subs will pick up? 
 Steve Burke : For us, one of the reasons why our high speed data subs were about the same as last year is in the Adelphia and Time Warner systems, we are doing a lot of system conversions. During those conversions, actually add a lot less subs than the year before. So if you look at the trends in what we call classic Comcast systems, they are actually pretty good. It is always difficult to tell when you have got competitors cutting prices and other sorts of dynamics.  I think the second half of the year is going to look a lot like the second half of last year or maybe even a little bit better. We certainly dont see the macro trends changing too dramatically in the business. We have an inkling of what the third quarter is going to look like because we are done with the month of July, or almost, and the trends look pretty strong. 
 Jessica Reif-Cohen  Merrill Lynch: Steve, maybe just one follow up. You talk about priorities and what your priorities were first half, second half. What about some of the other initiatives youve discussed? The EPG online and interactive advertising and commercial roll outs? 
 Steve Burke : In terms of a material impact on EBITDA, most of those are 2008 and 2009. That having been said, I think if you look at the fundamental strength of the base business, the kind of operating cash flow that we are guiding people to in the second half of the year, we think we are doing pretty well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein. 
 Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Brian, in the preface of the call you said growth accelerates in the second half, and despite the tremendous amount of activity and the activity levels that Steve described, you still put up terrific margins in the second quarter.  I am wondering if you could just reflect a little bit on the fact that you are guiding to 12% revenue growth; you are already at 12% revenue growth and you are talking about acceleration in the second half. Should we read into that that you are optimistic that the second half is going to look stronger than the guidance that you have already given? 
 Brian Roberts : Let me talk about the business and I will defer to John or Steve on how it adds up. I think Steve just answered that, that we feel we've put a lot of emphasis on the July 1 cutoff. I think 2 million boxes had to get moved, one way or another. Every one of them gets plugged in and somebody makes a phone call X percentage of the time, Y percentage of the time they call with some other issue. It creates a lot of truck rolls, a lot of phone calls and a lot of cost, a lot of things in the system.  That may not go off like a spigot on July 1, but it sure changes the emphasis. There was a hard cut, we were very respectful of it and we had an opportunity to buy out the inventory runs, and we did that for some of the low-end boxes because they were useless anywhere else, almost in the world, that particular box.  The third quarter has always been better for high-speed data than the second quarter, and I think that is what Steve's referring to. I think when we talk about growth in the second half of the year, I think we think of a traditional third and fourth quarter in different products being great, and of course CDV continues to ramp. We consider and feel that it's going to get bigger than it was in any prior quarter. So we're still going up the mountain. I think from an RGU standpoint, is probably what I'm referring to.  That said, we have also added thousands and thousands and thousands of employees to handle all of this work. Jessica's question about ramping up for new businesses, all of those costs are baked in. We have hired, I think there's 500 sales people to get ready for the commercial business. We are training them, we're getting the voice product ready to go really in '08 to complement the data offering. Again, margins are able to expand.  So I think we have the business really operating very strongly. You would not trade our position. We're questioning 12% of revenue, whether we can make it more. I think John points out that the CDP, the circuit business, cost us a point. Really, it's more likely 13% on an apples-to-apples basis, and I think you're going to see acceleration and a slowdown as we have said, of the capital as a percentage of revenues. And I think we are on track for the full year as a big picture.  So I think we've basically left all of the guidance unchanged because at the macro level, that's how we see things. John, you want to comment? 
John Alchin: That is absolutely right, Brian. Craig, one thing I would draw your attention to, and you don't really see it on slide 6, but what we're highlighting there is the comparison year-to-year for the last three years of the operating margins in the second quarter. Second-quarter margin is historically the high point of the year. There is a lot of activity, as Brian just indicated, in the third quarter with the ramp-up of high-speed data, continuing ramp of the phone business. So expect to see the seasonal peak in the second quarter of operating margins. We come back from there, but year over year, full year, you will continue to see the slight uptick in margin for the full year. 
 Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: And, John, if I could ask one follow-up question. You had so many digital additions at your digital starter at level. Can you just walk through again for us how we think about the return on invested capital for those additions? What does the pricing look like and the usage of pay-per-view and the like? 
John Alchin: Really, no change on that, Craig. The pricing, there is very little in the way of subscription revenue. We're talking about $1 or $2 of subscription revenue. But on average, those customers are generally generating somewhere of the neighborhood of about $4 of incremental revenue per subscriber per month, the bulk of that coming from additional pay-per-view buys because all of our digital customers have access to the Video On-Demand product. 
 Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Is there a set-top box leasing fee associated with those customers also? 
John Alchin: It depends on what promotion is going on in what area. There is sort of a nominal amount usually that's included in the bill. Just as we showed on investor day, the RGUs are generating on average across all RGUs about 220. And so as we look at this, it's sort of a very healthy return.  The other thing I would draw your attention to is that even though we had a disproportionately high number of the digital starter customers included in the 800,000 that we added in the second quarter, as a percentage of the total, only 20% of our total 14 million digital customers have this starter level of digital service. 80% are paying us $65 or more per month and those digital starter customers are three times more likely to subscribe to higher levels of digital service, subsequently. So to us, it makes all the sense in the world to get as many of those boxes deployed as we possibly can. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs. 
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much. Typically, the RGU adds have been greater in the second half of the year than the first, and Brian said you expect an acceleration of RGUs. The split has been about 60/40; 60% of the full year has been in the second half of the year. Given the digital box situation, do you think you can get as high as 60% of the full year RGU subs in the second of the year?  Second question, while the second quarter is seasonally weak for basic video, can you do a switching analysis and tell us what the split is of the lost basic subs this year versus last year to the different competitors; i.e., just maybe globally telco versus satellite? Thanks. 
Brian Roberts: On the second question, it is extremely hard to precisely tell where customers are going. Generally, in the second quarter, the majority of the loss comes from people who are leaving town. They're physically leaving a college town, they're leaving Florida, they're disconnecting and not staying inside our footprint. But when you try to go down on a very granular level and say who's going to DirecTV, who is going to EchoStar, who's going to Verizon, that is very, very difficult to do and we're reluctant to give numbers on that.  In terms of the second quarter RGUs being higher than the first quarter, I think you should continue to expect a fairly substantial ramp in the phone business, and that should happen in the third and fourth quarter. Basic subs in the second half of the year typically are better than the first half of the year, and we would expect that to continue. And then on high-speed data, we should be materially higher mainly due to seasonality in the second half than the first.  So I don't know whether the 60/40 is going to govern exactly, but if history's any guide, and certainly all of our budgeting and projections, we budgeted and assumed that the first half of the year was going to be less than the second half of the year for RGUs, and we would expect that to play out. 
Steve Burke: I want to just add another point. I don't know that I know the answer right off the top of my head of 60/40 or 51/49, but I think the point is that we view the business as I think very healthy right now, and what I think is important is to understand the emphasis in how we're managing the company.  Clearly, there's more competition to your question specifically than a year ago both from satellite and from telephone. That being said, to be able to have 1.65 million or 1.6 million RGUs in one quarter and be in calibration of tens of thousands of basic subscribers different than where perhaps everybody might have preferred, I think continues to reaffirm our emphasis, which is really trying to sell the triple play, really trying to sell the high-margin product of high-speed data. We believe with the scale that we're getting in phone, that the margins are getting better there.  We have, I've said before, we're putting a lot at the top of the bucket, some slippage out the bottom. You'd be dishonest if you did not say you wish the competition was not there, but the fact is it sharpens your company. It gives the consumers a better experience, and net- net-net, we are having double-digit revenue, double-digit cash flow and record RGUs. I'm very thrilled with that position that we have in the marketplace and I think that's going to continue, and that's really what was trying to say. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Albert Lyon - Wachovia Securities. 
 Albert Lyon - Wachovia Securities : Just a quick question on the competitive landscape. How are you competing in the small areas where FIOS has rolled out in your footprint? 
Brian Roberts: I think we're competing well. The fact of the matter is we added 670,000 telephone customers during the quarter. If you assume any kind of normal loss to Verizon and AT&T on the video side, that is many, many times what we have been impacted on the video side. We would anticipate that ratio continuing for quarters to come in the future.  If you look at the company as a whole, I think the fact that the revenue growth is where it is and the OCF growth is where it is, is really a testament to the fact that in the vast majority of our footprint, maybe 95% of our footprint, we're the only company that can offer all three services over the same platform.  You can artificially create a triple play bundle by taking DirecTV or EchoStar and having an RBOC sell their two landline products with satellite, but the only company in 95% or our footprint that can do all three over the same platform with the same installation group, with the same integrated billing and everything else is us. I think that is the reason why we are doing as well as we are competitively. That dynamic is not going to change. The math of the rollouts, that dynamic is not going to change for some time in the future. 
Steve Burke: One other point on FIOS specifically, on their television product, I think our sense is, it's more of a me-too product. There is no technological differentiation and we continue to believe that our On-Demand product has a more robust and richer offering. Our plan to have hundreds of high-def On-Demand channels, if you will and in addition to more cable channels and high-def, our improved program guide; I think our product is the world class, state of the art, and more competition means more market share for everybody, or at least for new entrants we'll get some share. But there is no trend that would change the macro report that Steve just gave you. 
 Albert Lyon - Wachovia Securities : Actually another quick question. Could you tell us what percentage of your data adds were from DSL, just roughly? 
John Alchin: We see a consistent improvement in that trend. You might recall that in the first quarter of this year, we announced that 55% of our modem adds came from DSL. That number actually increased modestly to about 58%. So that is pretty encouraging. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers. 
 Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers : Thanks. My question is really relating to the commercial business. I know it's a little early, but are you going to segregate the commercial side? Because I'm trying to understand, you mentioned high-speed data ARPU was stable, and I think you have a $220 million business there. If you ex that out, can you just talk about the trend lines in consumer high-speed data? 
John Alchin: Vijay, there's still less than $2 included in the $43.37 that we're referring to for a total ARPU. Remember, the commercial business, which as we said at the beginning of the year is about a $250 million revenue stream, that is just totally data. So you really have not seen any change in that number year-to-date. The $50 million of year-to-date investment in capital in the business is all about getting the hundreds of employees together. You're going to see that activity and maybe a little bit of revenue uptick as we go into the second half of the year and introduce voice to the commercial product in the second half of the year. We will continue to segregate the capital. We just have not worked out yet how much more segregation that we will do. But just the key point there is that we're looking at less than $2 on the ARPU that's reported. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Bazinet - Citigroup. 
 Jason Bazinet - Citigroup : I think in the quarter, you said that 89% of your phone net adds were actually taking the triple play. Given that we're not seeing material growth in basic subs, it implies that the right way to begin to think about the long-term penetration rates is the that way you have depicted it slide 14, which is CDV or HSD or digital as a percent of basic subs, as opposed to homes passed. Do you agree with that contention, or do you think that that would be too conservative as we think about the long-term growth prospects? Thanks. 
Brian Roberts: I think you can look at it either way. One of the things that we inherited when we bought AT&T's cable business is a lot of cities with fairly low penetration. So relative to other big cable operators, we have a lower penetration, which on one hand, you wish that 50% video penetration was 60%. On the other hand, we have a lot of homes, as many homes where we don't have video as we do. Any of those homes are a potential telephone customer, high-speed data customer, and someday a potential video customer. It's hard to dramatically move a video penetration, but it's possible.  What we were trying to do in that slide is show that already, 12% of our customers who take video have phone, and we know that someone who takes video and phone and high-speed data is much less likely to churn. But I think you could look at it either way.  I think the main point on telephone that we would like to make is, we are continuing to get up to cruising altitude. Particularly since a lot of our growth has been governed by our ability to meet demand, we have been supply constrained, once you get up to a new plateau, you don't go backwards. You should only get higher. And we think we have years to come and lots of penetration and millions of phone customers ahead of us, and you can really look at it both ways. You can say, what's your penetration of homes, or what's your penetration of basic subs? Probably homes is a better calibration of opportunity, but measured as a percentage of basic sub is a better calibration of how likely are those customers to churn in a competitive world. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank. 
 Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: You've already talked a bit about consumer high-speed data trends, but I'm curious on your bigger picture thoughts regarding the slowdown in the face of the growth of the entire broadband market. So the good news is you're taking pretty nice market share from the RBOCs since you're flat and they're slowing. But in the aggregate, the market's slowing and it has to impact you at some point.  So, how do you feel about the pricing power of your consumer high-speed data product? What are your plans for offering high-speed tiers? Any other ways you can drive growth in that business beyond what we're all thinking about in 2008 and 2009? 
Steve Burke: I think if you start with the really big picture; look, eventually, hopefully, every computer gets attached to broadband, and I don't think we're there or anywhere close to there yet. But, there is no question that the market will expand because more homes will get computers over the next ten or 20 years and I think, therefore, broadband will continue to grow. But right now, we're really at changing out all of the narrow-band customers in America, and I think that continues. As Steve said, we are hopeful that, at least in our case, we are going to have continued growth in that category.  But a number of us might have thought it would have slowed down a while ago and it has not shown that. So the real question becomes, what can you do beyond that? That's what we were trying to demonstrated at the cable convention with DocSys 3.0 or wideband. This industry, by dividing more bandwidth to broadband, will create another series of products where you can go as fast as 150 Mbps. If you just add three cable channels, you could go higher than that if there's ever a need. We're scratching the surface of the technological capabilities. I think that's very, very important to remember.  Whether that will be high-def videoconferencing, or Google Part 2 that no one can sit here today and articulate, or we would all be off creating it. And it's a new platform at these higher speeds. I think we will find a way to get incremental revenue for offering that product, whether it's a commercial-grade product or whether it's tiers of service.  In the very short run, I still think we feel we can run the play we have. I think it's also encouraging to have a new business like CDV. And to that last question, I think for a phone business, it's more appropriate probably to measure against homes passed. Other products may relate more to what the ultimate PC penetration in that market is. So in the telephone business, it's the most penetrated product there is, and so I think to only be at 8%, which is another way to look at it, of our homes, means we have a lot of growth ahead of us in that product.  So we're trying to enhance the high-speed data product to have growth, but whenever that day comes that everybody's saturated, and I think that looks promising, and then I think we have yet a new product that's only in its infancy. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse. 
 Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse : Thank you. On the topic of set-top boxes, does the comment in the press release regarding set-top box inventories apply to the advanced boxes as well as the low end? Are you comfortable that downloadable security will be available in commercially deplorable set-top boxes during '08? Lastly, do you have any plans to offer a whole home DVR, which I think actually is one point of differentiation that Verizon currently has versus a cable product? 
Brian Roberts: We're working on the whole home DVR product. We at the moment have some trials underway. We were just looking at some of that data and the timelines for that. I'm not sure that we are committed to '08 for downloadable security being deployed across the whole. I think OCAP is the first step, and I think we are much more confident that OCAP will meet all of those expectations. So we anticipate cable cards for '08 in our planning, and that's not going to shock the system at all. We are able to have to factored in and be consistent with everything we said at the analyst day. There's no news there. Steve, do you want to add to any of that? 
Steve Burke: No, I think you got it. I would expect whole home DVRs sometime in the next year. 
 Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse : On the first part of the question, the set-top box inventories, I know you said you have enough for the back half of the year. Clearly at the low end you do. Do you have enough on the HD DVR side as well? 
Brian Roberts: What we have up and running are the new cable card boxes as well. So we will be buying some new inventories. The good news that we can report is that is working and working fine; there's no technical glitches. That may not be something that you're focused on, but operationally, we were very focused; when you bring a whole new set of boxes and software and Herculean effort to make sure every single manufacturer boxes work. Hopefully, there will be some TVs that are sold that don't require a box, and we have talked about that in the past. 
John Alchin: Thank you everybody.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-02-01 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: John R. Alchin - Co-Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Treasurer   Brian L. Roberts - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer   Stephen B. Burke - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President; President, Comcast Cable 
Analysts: Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch   Aryeh Bourkoff - UBS   Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein   Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs   Doug Shapiro - Banc of America Securities   Kathy Styponias - Prudential   Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns   Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded.  I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President and Co-CFO, Mr. John Alchin. Please go ahead, sir. 
John R. Alchin: Thanks a lot, Operator, and welcome to our fourth quarter and 2006 year-end call. First of all, I need to refer everybody to slide number two, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Additionally, in this call we refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our press release for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures back to GAAP.  Now, for opening remarks, let me pass to Brian for his comments. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Brian L. Roberts: Good morning. We are thrilled to report the fourth quarter and to give you guidance for next year, or this year, 2007. 2006 really was a watershed year for Comcast. I think simply put, it may have been our best year ever. Outstanding execution across all business lines with strong momentum taking us in to 2007. Really, Triple Play, as weve been talking all year, is the driver of what has changed in the business and in 2006, we added more RGUs than at any time in the companys history.  In the fourth quarter, we had a record-setting 1.6 million RGUs, up 77% year over year, bringing us to around 5 million RGU additions for the full year, close to a 70% increase over 2005.  The message for consumers with Triple Play appears to be you not only can have the best products, best in breed, best on-demand service and high definition for video, the fastest speeds in broadband experiences, and now great value with Comcast Digital Voice, but its also the convenience, and I think I at least underestimated how important it is for consumers to make one phone call and have one truck roll with a person who can do all three products at the same time. Thats a big part of our technical initiative, is to constantly improve the experience for the consumer and to make it simpler for the consumer to do business with Comcast.  We have lots of future room for growth. I think thats a point worth emphasizing this morning. With penetration rates of only 5.7% for CDV, we at least have convinced ourselves that we can do CDV and we can do it well and consumers want it and its a great value. Now we have a marketing opportunity to take that to much higher penetration rates.  For high-speed data, were 25%, and we think there is lots of growth there, and were 52% for digital, crossing the magical 50% barrier, and we think on our way to way higher and eventually someday all digital.  We think growth and momentum are sustainable.  The cash flow growth that comes from the record RGU growth, youll hear more about in detail. Ill just pick two exciting statistics, which were the fourth quarter revenue growth of 14%. Thats the highest revenue growth on an apples-to-apples basis that I can ever remember for Comcast. On an organic basis, for a company with roughly $25 billion a year in revenues, to be able to grow 14% in a quarter is remarkable and to then have the improved margin and results from that kind of revenue growth to drive 17% cash flow growth, Steve Burke and the cable team, Dave Watts and Dave Scott and others are making it happen for the 26th consecutive quarter of double-digit cable cash flow growth.  Thats allowed the company to take the free cash flow and to aggressively buy back our shares. For the year, we invested $2.3 billion and some 75 million shares. We remain committed to our buy-back that has now resulted in an 11% reduction in shares and related securities outstanding.  The Board of Directors, in recognition of our bullish outlook and successful growth in 2006, has authorized the 11th stock split in the companys history, with a 50% stock dividend that will take effect later this month. The company has never been stronger. We continue to be extremely bullish about our future, and the positioning in 2007 in revenue and cash flow growth, and let me take a minute and go to the next slide and talk in specifics about our outlook.  We believe, and this is probably the single most important point that Ive been making for many months, that we have a moment in time first-to-market advantage, and that the momentum we have will allow us to give guidance that we will do 30% more RGUs in 2007 than we did in 2006, getting us to around 6.5 million RGUs in one year.  We think we can capture market share now and this is the time to extend our lead in the market. Were going to invest capital to drive that growth. Were going to expand capacities to support future RGU growth beyond this, and to continue to innovate new products and new businesses.  We think the power of the bundle is even more powerful when you have differentiated products and an integrated service offering. So, as weve been saying, its our goal to continue to innovate and to differentiate, which will be the long-term glue in the business.  At the same time, we are investing to prepare for new businesses and launching commercial and small and medium businesses, as we have talked about publicly in the beginning of the year. We now think weve identified and are comfortable sizing a new market opportunity for Comcast which is the small and medium sized business. We think in the next five years or so that were going to be able to achieve a 20% market share. Just as we believe we can do so in residential, we can do it in small and medium sized businesses. If you take our market and our footprint thats available, that will generate an additional potential $2.5 billion in revenues, with about a 50% margin to generate another business line that can throw up $1.25 billion of OCF when we reach those penetrations.  The capital to drive that opportunity we believe can have a 25% or better internal rate of return and continue to position the company to grow not just in 2007 but for years to come.  So its a really exciting time at Comcast. Let me now kick it over to John to take you through in greater detail the numbers. 
John R. Alchin: Thanks a lot, Brian. If you move to the next slide, number five, I would say we are really proud of the results that we posted in 2006 and believe our growth and RGU momentum are sustainable in 2007 and beyond. Just as we did in the third quarter, our consolidated results include first of all, all acquisitions as of the date of their closing. Secondly, they present the systems that were transferred to Time Warner as discontinued operations, and the Houston systems, which closed on January 1st of this year, is accounted for on the equity method and therefore not included in consolidated revenue and operating cash flow.  On the other hand, all the cable results that were presenting in this presentation today and the references in the press release presented on a pro-forma, as-adjusted basis. Pro forma is adjusted only for the acquisitions and the timing of the acquisitions, so were presenting them here as if they were acquired effective January 1, 2005, and they exclude the systems that were transferred over to Time Warner as of that same date, January 1, 2005.  So please refer to the press release and especially to note number two in tables 7A and B for those details.  Now, just to get into the consolidated results for the fourth quarter, we increased revenue 30% to $7 billion, reflecting strong results at Comcast Cable and the impact of the Adelphia-Time Warner and Houston transactions. Operating cash flow for the quarter grew 30% to $2.6 billion.  For the full year, reflecting the acquisitions only since August of 2006, the consolidated revenue increased of 18% and operating cash flow increased 19%. For comparative purposes relating to our guidance, consolidated revenue grew 12% and exceeded the guidance that we had published of 10% to 11% growth, and we reported consolidated operating cash flow of 14%, which also exceeded the guidance that we had out of at least 12% growth.  For the fourth quarter, consolidated operating income increased 43% to $1.2 billion. Consolidated operating income increased 31% for the full year to $4.6 billion.  The programming division revenue increased 21% to $283 million. This reflects increases in network rating, advertising and distribution revenue. At the same time, for the full year, revenues increased 15% to $1.1 billion. For the full year, programming division operating cash flow decreased 11% to $241 million. This reflects investments in programming in all of our networks, particularly programming in production expenses related to VERSUS coverage of the NHL.  Fourth quarter programming division operating cash flow increased $11 million to $43 million, primarily due to increases in revenue at E! Entertainment.  Net income for the quarter was $390 million, or $0.18, as compared to net income of $0.06 a share in the same period last year. Fourth quarter and full year net income were impacted by gains and adjustments on the Time Warner-Adelphia transactions. Included in this quarter results are two adjustments to the gains recorded in the Adelphia-Time Warner transactions in the third quarter of 2006.  These adjustments or reductions represent accounting refinements of estimated gains, due primarily to updated valuations. The first adjustment, included in investment income, is $30 million net of tax. The second is an adjustment of $39 million net of tax on the gain on discontinued operations related to the transfer of cable systems to Time Warner.  If you were to exclude these gains, adjusted net income for the quarter would have been $459 million, or $0.21 a share. I would ask you to refer to table 7C of the press release to do the reconciliation back to that number that I just referred to.  For 2006, net income increased $2.5 billion, or $1.19 a share. For 2007, we expect pro forma consolidated revenue and consolidated operating cash flow growth of at least 11% and 13% respectively.  Moving on to the next slide, Brian has already highlighted our record RGU growth for 2006, but slide number 6 presents that growth graphically. It also shows that the best is yet to come. I want to emphasize that the 6.5 million net RGU increased that Brian referred to for 2007 is net of an estimated 500,000 reduction in circuit switch customers as we continue to focus on selling the Comcast digital voice product in our markets. So to achieve that net increase to 6.5 million, well actually have to grow RGUs by 7 million. Thats more than twice the 2005 net adds. Obviously 2007 capital and expenses reflect the operational activity required to grow RGUs by 7 million.  Youll hear much more from Steve on the outlook for 2007, but a couple of noteworthy specifics with respect to the RGUs: first and foremost, we expect Comcast Digital Voice net adds of at least 2.6 million; basis subs are expected to grow even more in 2007 than they did in 2006; and we expect continued strength in high-speed data and digital additions.  As Steve will show you, and consistent with the third quarter, 91% of our net adds during the fourth quarter and for the year were in our historical systems, demonstrating the strong growth in momentum in our core business and the impact of Triple Play.  Moving on to slide number 7, we illustrate here that the accelerating quarterly revenue and operating cash flow growth that we posted during 2006 is driven primarily by our Triple Play offer. Cable revenue in the fourth quarter increased 14%, with operating cash flow up 17% -- the fourth consecutive quarter of accelerating revenue and operating cash flow growth.  For the year, cable revenue increased 12%, exceeding our guidance of 10% to 11%, while operating cash flow increased 15%, significantly exceeding the guidance of at least 13% for the year. I will review the drivers of cable results in the following slide.  Cable guidance for 2007 is for revenue growth of at least 12% and operating cash flow growth of at least 14%. 2007 guidance for operating cash flow growth should be driven by continued growth across all product categories, plus the benefits of our scale, offset by costs associated with additional headcount and lower basic rate increases.  Average basic rate increases are expected to be in the 4% to 4.5% range in 2007, down from 5.5% in 2006. As in prior years, you should expect quarterly growth rates of operating cash flow to increase during the course of the year -- that is, for growth to be back-end loaded as we build momentum with the addition of more RGUs.  On slide number 8, we show that we had record-setting revenue generating unit net additions powering growth in every one of our services. Video revenue increased 9% to $4.2 billion. The year-over-year increase reflects more basic cable and digital cable customers, increasing demand for digital features, including on-demand, digital video recorders, and high definition programming, as well as higher cable pricing.  We added 613 digital cable customers and 110,000 basic customers in the quarter, and we now have 12.7 million digital customers, 52% of the total video customer count.  Just drawing your attention to something that we mentioned in recent presentations that 2 million of our 12.7 million digital customers are paying us on average about $50 a month. About 50% of the digital customer base, or 6.2 million, are paying us around $65 a month, and those who are taking the advanced digital services, about 4.5 million of them or 36% of the total, are actually paying us in excess of $75 a month.  All of our digital customers have access to on-demand and we continue to see really strong increases in movie purchases through this service. Driven by on-demand movie purchases, pay-per-view revenues increased 24% to $159 million. Pay-per-view revenue continues to show strong growth with the rollout of on-demand, and has increased more than 20% on average over the past eight quarters.  Our high-speed data business continues to be a really strong performer, and delivered $5.5 billion of revenue last year. High-speed data fourth quarter revenue increased 23% to $1.5 billion. Thats directly in line with the full year annual increase of 23%. We ended the year with nearly 11.5 million high-speed data customers and penetration now stands at 25%. We continue to believe that theres really significant upside growth potential in high-speed data as we go into 2007.  For the year and for the quarter, average revenue per sub for high-speed data was relatively stable at around $43, and in line with the number reported for 2005.  Youll hear a lot more about phone from Steve, but CDV continues to ramp and as a result, phone revenue increased over $300 million in the fourth quarter, driven by over 500,000 net customer additions. Phone revenue increased 45% to almost $1 billion, as we added 1.5 million CDV customers for the year, 50% above the original guidance.  CDV revenue increases were offset by a $132 million decline in the circuit switch phone revenue, as Comcast continues to focus on CDV marketing in most of our markets.  Advertising revenue increased 26% in the quarter, reflecting double-digit growth in local and regional and national advertising, as well as a five-fold increase in political advertising. That amounts to about $54 million of revenue principally associated with the 2006 fall elections.  Remember, in 2006, we had over $90 million of political advertising revenue which will not re-occur in 2007.  As previously stated, were reporting strong operating cash flow growth -- and Ill refer you now to slide number 9 -- driven by double-digit top line growth. With our success in controlling growth in operating costs, we were able to deliver a 110 basis point improvement in operating cash flow margin in 2006. Even as we delivered record-setting RGU additions, including accelerating CDV additions, we continue to tap into the benefits of scale and are effectively managing overall expense growth.  In 2006, programming expense increased 8% to $5.4 billion, primarily reflecting the significant growth in digital customers. Without this volume increase, programming expense would have been up approximately 5%.  During the year, we hired and trained about 6,500 new employees to support higher RGU net additions. We also integrated lower margin operations received with the cable acquisitions. Margins at these new systems should trend to our historic system margins within about a year or so.  As youll see from the chart, margins have historically expanded year over year with some seasonality over the course of the year. We expect this trend to continue in 2007, particularly in the second-half of the year.  Also, as our guidance implies, operating cash flow margins will continue to expand in 2007.  Capital expenditures increased by 15%, or $4.6 billion, as we show on slide number 10. This increased in cap-ex was directly associated with the 70% increase in RGUs for the year. Cap-ex continues to be predominantly variable and revenue driven. Approximately three-quarters of cable capital expenditures were variable. Thats the customer premise equipment and scalable infrastructure that we break out in the press release. This is directly associated with new product deployment and consumer demand for our advanced services.  We get great returns on this investment. We continue to see incremental returns of 25% to more than 30% as we generate on average more than $200 of annualized EBITDA per RGU. The line graphs on slide number 10 show declining investment required per RGU. We have a great business model. We are seeing accelerating RGU additions supported by a capital investment with great returns, and our cap-ex per new addition is projected to decline approximately 40% over a two-year period from 2005 to 2007.  We expect the rollout of new RGUs, including Comcast Digital Voice and demand for advanced services, as well as our new commercial services business, to drive capital expenditures in 2007. Cable capital expenditures will be approximately $5.7 billion, supporting an expected 30% increase in RGUs and a push into the small- to medium-size business market with a capital commitment of about $250 million to that small- to medium-size business market.  On slide number 11, were highlighting here that we are really executing on what Brian highlighted at the beginning, and that is our time-to-market advantage. We really intend to exploit this in 2007. After taking into account the $250 million investment in commercial services in 2007, we expect to invest an incremental $800 million to $900 million in two primary areas.  First of all, the acquired systems. Well invest about $120 million to $180 million to improve the plant in the acquired properties and to enable these systems for Comcast Digital Voice, Video On Demand, and Digital Simulcast, and other head-end improvements.  The remaining 80% to 85% of the incremental investment is for revenue generating RGU growth. Incremental cap-ex will be invested on the additional customer premise equipment and insulation costs required to support the 30% increase in RGUs.  Cap-ex guidance incorporates RGU growth expectation of 6.5 million on a net basis that I referred to earlier, or 7 million on a gross basis. To the extent that were successful at driving RGU growth higher than our guidance, this in turn could drive higher variable capital and impact free cash flow.  Well use a number of tools to enable new services and to bring other enhancements to our existing services. By using switch digital broadcast and load splits, we plan to offer more speed, more high-definition television, more video on demand, and to lay the groundwork for more revenue opportunities, such as interactive advertising, in 2007.  Investments in these technologies are built into our 2007 capital budget. Our focus on 2007 is on driving new product RGUs and extending our competitive advantage by capturing the market share now. To achieve this goal, we are reinvesting in the business to generate long-term benefits with great returns.  Moving on to slide number 12, we show here that we generated $2.6 billion of consolidated free cash flow in 2006. This is over a 30% increase, or $628 million when compared to the $2 billion that we generated in 2005. This increase was driven primarily by a 37% increase in cash from operations, which in turn results from the strong operating cash flow growth at the cable division.  For the year, we converted 28% of consolidated operating cash flow into free cash flow, directly in line with our guidance, for a free cash flow conversion rate of 20% to 30%. We expect free cash flow in 2007 to be approximately that of 2006, as we drive RGU growth.  On slide number 13, we show that we invested billions in 2006 to grow our business while continuing to invest in our own stock. As we indicated on slide number 11, investment activity for the year approximated $6 billion. At the same time, we bought back, as Brian said, 75 million shares for $2.3 billion, reducing our share count by approximately 3%. We accomplished all of this and were able to maintain our investment grade ratings and we remain committed to our strong investment grade ratings. Its unlikely that our debt balance will decline in the near-term. We will use the financial strength of our business to invest in future growth and to maintain our competitive advantage, while also returning capital to shareholders.  Finally, on slide 14, we have summarized here all of the guidance that I have given throughout my presentation on one slide, so youll be able to refer to that in one place. With this, let me pass to Steve for his comments on the operations. 
Stephen B. Burke: Thanks, John. Its my pleasure to report on what was the best quarter and best year in memory. Im looking at Ralph as I say this -- maybe even the best year in the history of Comcast.  There were a variety of reasons why were doing so well, but the real driver that emerged this year is the launch of the Triple Play. John covered the financials, but just to highlight just how much our business has changed, in the fourth quarter this year, revenues grew 14% compared to 8.7% in the same period last year. That is a big ramp on a business with $25 billion in annual revenue.  Meanwhile, OCF grew 17% in the fourth quarter this year versus 10% in the same quarter last year, again a really big shift on a business which generates over $10 billion in operating cash flow per year.  As positive as these financial trends are, were even more pleased with our unit growth, where we set records in pro forma and absolute terms for each of our four lines of business. 110,000 basic sub adds was the highest in the history of the company. 613,000 digital sub adds was an all-time record. 487,000 high-speed data sub adds was a company record for the fourth quarter. CDV net adds broke 500,000 for the first time, obviously a company record, and of course, total quarterly RGU adds of 1.6 million represents an all-time high as well.  Some of these businesses are new, such as CDV, but others like basis subscribers and digital are fairly mature. You really have to ask yourself: why are all of these businesses doing better than ever before? We believe the answer is the Triple Play and think thats good news for the future as its impact grows.  Turning to units, basic subscriber growth was a real highlight as we added 110,000 subs for the quarter and improved our performance for the full year 2006 versus the full year 2005 by 220,000 subscribers. About 94,000 subscribers were added in classic Comcast systems that we had prior to the recent deals weve done and 16,000 subscribers came from newly acquired Adelphia and Time Warner systems.  With the Arbucks getting into video, the landscape will get more competitive in the future. However, with a broader CDV rollout and increased digital penetration, we are very confident we will gain more subscribers in 2007 than we did in 2006.  Digital net adds were up 68% versus the fourth quarters net adds last year, with 613,000 subs added during the quarter. We had a strong quarter for high definition net adds as well, with 531,000 new high definition subscribers, representing over one-third of our 12.7 million digital customers having high-def boxes. We have a great high-def lineup today, and weve launched a lot of high-def VOD in the last few months, so we feel really good about our position as high-def adoption grows.  We now have 52% digital penetration and expect to drive this number to over 60% by the end of 2007. We think this is really important because digital unlocks VOD and therefore more satisfied customers. Our VOD strategy is doing really well with a record 187 million VOD sessions in the month of December. For the year, VOD surprised us, increasing over 36% during calendar 2006 to over 1.8 billion sessions.  We are pleased to note we will soon have primetime shows from three of the four big networks. We are also testing day-in-date movies, something that weve talked about for years. We are actually testing in two cities with six studios, and buy rates are up very substantially and we look forward to rolling out those tests in the future.  In short, VOD is getting better and better. Our customers are using it more. Thats making them happier customers and reducing churn.  As a result of higher digital penetration and increased VOD usage, our basic churn today is at record low levels, and you are seeing the impact of that in our basic subscriber counts.  Moving to high-speed data, we added 487,000 subscribers for the quarter, which as a total company is 12% higher than last year. However, due to conversions and capacity constraints, high-speed data net adds in the newly acquired systems actually declined slightly, so classic Comcast systems that weve had for longer than a year actually added 17% more customers than the same period in 2005. This compares favorably to Verizon and AT&T, which reported declining net adds in the fourth quarter of 33% and 10% respectively.  While we added more customers, we also increased high-speed data ARPU from $41.99 in the fourth quarter last year to $43.12 during this quarter. The driver behind this high-speed data acceleration is clearly the Triple Play, and we continue to see markets with phone index at 10% to 15% higher than markets without.  CDV had another strong quarter. A year ago, we were talking about having 200,00 subscribers and how excited we were about 2006. In January of this year, just a few weeks ago, this business continued its ramp and passed the 2 million subscriber mark. So its amazing. If you look back, we added 290,000 subscribers last year in 2005. 1.5 million in 2006, and as John mentioned, were projecting adding 2.6 million or more in 2007. So we are significantly ahead of our plan to reach 20% penetration by the end of 2009.  On average, we marketed phone to 27 million homes in 2006, and that number will grow to over 37 million homes on average in 2007. This footprint expansion, coupled with the newly launched markets maturing, makes us feel confident we will meet our goal of adding at least 2.6 million phone customers in 2007.  In the fourth quarter this year, we added 508,000 CDV customers, which is 25,000 subscribers better than the additions we had in the third quarter. But actually it was quite a bit better considering seasonality. The third quarter is always stronger for high-speed data, because people move before the school-year starts and that will be the same for the phone business.  So adjusted for this seasonality, we think the fourth quarter was very strong and we are entering 2007 with a lot of momentum for CDV.  At the same time we are building the CDV business, we are transitioning away from the legacy circuit switch business we inherited from AT&T. Next year we plan on losing 500,000 circuit switch customers, which makes our 6.5 million RGU net adds for 2007 even more impressive. By year-end, we will have some markets that are completely out of the circuit switch business, which means no more drag on revenues in OCF, and also the ability to free up two more analog channels as we leave that way of delivering the phone service in those markets.  Moving from units to our Adelphia and Time Warner integration, the bottom line is things are going according to plan. Subscriber trends are solid and we are doing a lot of system and process conversions. These conversions start with fiber connectivity, then billing, if applicable, high-speed data and CDV provision and cut-overs, followed by CMPS changes and finally e-mail migration. This process takes three to six months.  Weve established 15 migration waves and completed 10 of the 15 waves, representing 58% of the 3.8 million video customers, 51% of high-speed data customers, and 22% of voice customers. During these migrations, we dont drive the business as aggressively as we will once they are completed.  Margins have increased from 33% in these systems in 2005 to 36% this year and they are budgeted at --  [Technical Difficulties]  Turning to 2007, we are starting this year with great momentum and a lot of optimism. Our revenue, OCF and RGU guidance is higher than in previous years but we have confidence we will achieve these targets. We are also laying the foundation for future growth with a number of product enhancements, interactive advertising and, as Brian recently announced, the rollout of our commercial business.  In summary, we had an excellent year in 2006 and look forward to continued success in 2007. John. 
John R. Alchin: Thanks a lot, Steve. I hope you are not hearing out there the static that we are hearing here, but we will proceed anyway. Just before we open up to Q&A, I would like to refer everybody to slide number 16, in which we are putting a Save the Date slide out there for May 1 here in Philadelphia. We intend to have an analyst/investor day here in Philly, and we will announce the time and location here in Philadelphia at a later date, relatively soon.  With that, could we please open the lines for question-and-answer. Operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions)  Our first question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I have two questions. One, could you talk about the advertising opportunity, the interactive advertising opportunity? Can you size the market, the timeframe, and how much you might need to invest?  Secondly, just on competition, the net adds were great versus the telephone companies. Just wondering though, what do you expect in terms of ARPU as you look out to 06? Just the revenue growth versus the RGU growth seems maybe a little bit conservative. 
Brian L. Roberts: Okay, in terms of interactive advertising, the phrase can cover a variety of different things and we are actually doing a fair amount of interactive advertising now with real revenues associated with it. We have interactive advertising related to our VOD platform. We have interactive advertising on our program guide. We obviously are selling interactive advertising on Comcast.net, our portal. You will see during this year the numbers increase in terms of real revenues from interactive advertising. It is still a fairly small percentage of a business that is approaching $2 billion a year in revenues, but its real.  The holy grail, as you know, Jessica, would be truly addressable advertising, where you send a unique video ad to a unique person and that is going to require a shift to a more switch digital type environment, which is something that we have in our sights but is not going to happen in 2007. You will start to see some tests and small rollouts. Its really 2008 and beyond.  But we all believe that as advertising moves from one-way advertising to two-way advertising, the winners are the Googles of the world and others that can provide truly two-way addressable advertising. Cable is really the only way to do that to a television set, so you can really assign some pretty amazing CPMs to a business that can do that, and I think we will be in a position to do that, not in 2007 in a large way, but certainly once you get out into 2009, 2010.  So thats an initiative of cable labs as well, trying to have the whole industry look at interactive advertising as a technology platform and we just did some of that at the consumer electronics show. I think you will hear more about that as time goes on.  Regarding your revenue question, I think John addressed a couple. One technical thing is political advertising drops $90 million or so year over year, that we have chosen to have a lower rate increase in the video business, and we are delighted to be able to keep the momentum. We also, just as a technical matter, changed the way, Im sure you noticed, Jessica, the guidance is no longer in ranges but rather in at least position. So I have no idea exactly how you calibrate every bit of revenue, but we are pretty darn excited that the momentum that we built in 06 is going to accelerate and that are main focus is to sell more RGUs.  We dont think there will be a decline in ARPUs, as people have worried in the past. In various categories, if anything, as John reported, the health of the overall bundle is slightly better. We have people rolling off packages. It will be the first time weve done that, so we will see how the whole year progresses, but the main focus is to see if we can increase by 30% the RGUs and keep the momentum going. 
John R. Alchin: Thanks a lot. Next question, Operator. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Aryeh Bourkoff from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Aryeh Bourkoff - UBS: Thank you. Good morning. Just two quick ones -- the cap-ex incremental number in 07 for the guidance versus 06 is $1.1 billion, as you detailed. How much would you say that is recurring versus non-recurring? Clearly you have the Adelphia acquisition, but you also have things like the capacity enhancements that youre making. Is that a recurring number? If you could sort of bucket that for us.  Secondly, for Brian, obviously the industry is evolving in terms of video online. Weve seen a lot from the content companies about how they are trying to formulate models to address that. Your broadband experience for the consumers is obviously enhanced with video usage now. How is Comcast playing in that environment in terms of is it enhancing the broadband and becoming almost more of a content provider online? Thanks. 
John R. Alchin: To answer the cap-ex question first, thats why we put out slide number 11. To give you a little bit more detail on that, if you look at the increment that is associated out of the $800 million to $900 million of incremental investment that were making in the cable sector in 2007, right off the top there is $120 million to $180 million of one-time investment in those areas that I referred to, you know, bringing those systems up to our Comcast digital voice product that obviously wasnt there before, putting in VOD, putting in digital simulcast.  So that leaves you with about $600 million to $700 million of incremental revenue that is associated with both RGUs and increased capacity. Out of that $600 to $700 million, about 50% to 60% of that is associated with the RGU volume growth. The remainder of that has to do with the categories that I went through in the presentation, putting in more capacity and enhancements to the product to provide more high definition, more VOD, more interactive advertising, all of those categories.  I think thats sort of the breakdown, recognizing the 50% to 60% is the important volume component related to RGUs. 
Brian L. Roberts: I think that we continue to believe that streaming video over the Internet is a great driver of the growth of high-speed Internet. I dont think theres any coincidence that we had our strongest year in high-speed Internet and the growth of video on the Internet. People are attracted to it more, its easier, its fun, and the kind of things that people are doing online continue to be the YouTubes of the world, I think I saw a statistic that 4% of all the bits going across high-speed Internet lines at Comcast is YouTube. We dont view that as a bad thing. We view that as a great thing in terms of the core video business versus a differentiated broadband business.  Secondly, were working with the content companies to find ways to enhance the already television experience. We obviously did that successfully with on demand. How can we do the same? And you see folks like ESPN and others having an enhancement to their site but not necessarily a replacement of the television experience as some have thought might happen or might be a threat. We dont see that. I dont think they see that, and if you talk to them, you get I think a fairly consistent view.  Finally, to your question of how can we play on the content side, we formed Comcast Interactive Media. Youre going to see and hear more from them in 2007. The whole focus is video centric and also, on an integrated product experience, what we call cross-platform where youll look to Comcast, just as it worked with Triple Play, youll look to Comcast to bring you integrated video experience that is working on all devices.  Nobody today connects to as many televisions as we do. We think thats a great asset, and bringing that back to your PC, back to your wireless devices, back throughout your home network, and thats part of what were working on, as you also layer in communications services and you have that experienced bundle.  That is not yet happening, thats for anybody, and we think we have as good a chance to succeed in that as anyone out there and we are working hard at it.  Next question, please. 
John R. Alchin: Thanks, Aryeh. Next question please, Operator. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Moffett from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning. I hate to do this, three questions, if I could. First, I want help understand the underlying margins a bit better. You added some high margin systems in Houston and Minneapolis. You divested some lower margin systems like Dallas. Can you give us an understanding of the trends in the underlying margins in the cable business and how high those might go?  Second, can you talk about in the cap-ex budget, what role switch broadcast played and how quickly we might expect the capacity enhancements from switch broadcast.  And then just one clarification, if I could. Footnote 8 of the slide suggests that free cash flow guidance for 07 refers to the free cash flow conversion rate being constant rather than free cash flow dollar amount, but I think the rest of the text implies that it is free cash flow itself that is flat year over year. I just want to make sure I understood that correctly. 
John R. Alchin: Thats correct, taking the last point. It is the free cash flow dollar amount that is flat year to year.  Going back to the margins, Craig, as we mentioned in the third quarter, the systems that came in on average had margins in the mid-30% range, 35%, somewhere in that, and as I said in my presentation, we should have, by about the end of this year, those systems up to about the level of margins that we have in our historic systems. 
Brian L. Roberts: Yes, I think our experience with AT&T systems is it takes you about two years to get to cruising altitude. I think more broadly, you have seen our margin climb the last few years as weve finished all the improvements in the AT&T systems. Obviously when you run the math, youre going to see our margin, were projecting to improve in 2007.  We have a lot of these new businesses that are actually higher margin than the traditional video business, and so I think there is going to be an up-tick in the margin as you go out into the future. How precise we can be about that up-tick, I think right now is up in the air but the direction is clearly up.  In terms of switch broadcast, we are doing a couple of technical trials right now. Time Warner, as you know, and CableVision have been at this for longer than we have. We think the capacity augmentation offered by switch broadcast, foregoing all digital in some markets, is going to be beneficial as the world migrates to all high-def, and we, for switch broadcast, were on sort of an 18-month program to make sure that all of our systems have vastly more high-def capacity than they have today.  Frankly, we have plenty of capacity right now, and we will have plenty of capacity in our opinion, for the next six to 12 months, given the available products. I would also not discount high-def VOD. The fact of the matter is what people want is they want to consume movies and sports and programming in high-def that they want to watch. It really doesnt matter how many channels you have. The fact that we can have 300, 500, 1,000 great movies at your fingertips in high-def, particularly at a time when not everybody has a high-def recorder, playback device, is going to be a real advantage. 
John R. Alchin: And the dollar amount that you should associate with that switch digital initiative, Craig, is around about the $150 million mark, thats for about 30% of the footprint, thinking in those terms.  Next question please, Operator. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Noto from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much. Steve, you had made the comment that you will pass about 37 million homes and make them telephone ready in 2007. I have a couple of questions related to that. Thats a significant slowdown in terms of incremental homes versus 06 compared to 05, and I was just wondering if you could comment on that number specifically.  Then, you had also mentioned 2.6 million net phone adds. I assume that does not include the 500,000 circuit switch that you will lose. If it doesnt, then that would imply about 12% penetration, which is well above what Time Warner Cable has been able to do and closer to what CableVision has been able to do from a trend standpoint of homes passed.  I was wondering if you could comment on what you think is different about your market and your approach. Thank you. 
Stephen B. Burke: Okay, the 37 million homes for 2007 is the average. So we will actually end the year with about 40 million homes out of the 45 million homes that we have. The disparity of those 5 million remaining homes comes from systems that are small or systems that we just havent gotten to, so in terms of the total overall footprint addition, its more substantial and we end the year at higher than 37.  The 2.6 million is the number of CDV customers we are adding, so we will be adding 2.6 million CDV, losing 500,000 circuit switch, so the total increment to our total universe of phone customers will be 2.1 million or more. 
John R. Alchin: Next question please, Operator. Thank you. Thanks, Anthony. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Shapiro from Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead. 
Doug Shapiro - Banc of America Securities: Thank you. I also have two. John, just to drill down the margins a little bit more, I was wondering if you could give us a general sense, maybe just index it if you want, on where CDV margins are now relative to where you think they are going to be at mature levels, and maybe even a sense of how long it takes us to get there.  The second thing was if you could just talk a little more about the I think it was $3 billion in cap-ex you talked about associated with the enterprise opportunity over the next five years or so. If you could talk about what proportion of that is demand-driven. Thanks. 
Brian L. Roberts: Let me start on the CDV margins, and this is not to evade the question but just to tell you how we are looking at it. Its very, very hard, and you have to do a lot of allocations when someone buys all three products for $125 and its on one platform with one installation and one bill, it really -- theres a lot of allocation work to determine precisely what the margins are.  If your question is, is the CDV business currently a drag on our margins? I dont think its a major drag on our business. I think the overall profitability of our phone effort will improve in 2007.  When we look at a customer coming on, as long as were adding customers, Triple Play customers that average $120 to $130 compared to our average customer, which is less than $100, and that margin looks the way it looks, we think it is additive to where we are. It will get a little bit better in the future. I dont think CDV is a huge drag, and we dont precisely look at the P&L because the allocations would be so difficult to make.  We do have objectives as we now get to more and more scale to run things more on our own network, to have our own backbone, to do our own inter-connection with our own callers and other cable callers, and as we did with high-speed data, we are long-term bullish that the margins, whatever they are and however you choose to determine them, get better over time from the expense management side. Make whatever assumptions you want on the revenue side.  Were pretty excited that we had though -- I mean, just look at where we were a year ago at this call. We thought we would grow cash flow I think it was around 10% to 11% because we did anticipate what you just asked, which is would there be an initial drag from the phone business. Having never really been in it, we didnt know, and of course, the results were 40% better than that.  Part of it is that even with adding 6,500 people that John was talking about and all the extra work that we have had to do to go into this business, it goes back to Jessicas question a little bit. We are in uncharted water on what happens on the revenue side, because you are now selling these bundles and people are finding that they are such an attractive value that they are buying more digital than we ever sold before. They are buying more advanced products. We are selling more high-speed data than we had thought and we had the biggest year, and so if that momentum can continue, I think you will continue to see margins get better.  On the expense side of the company, I think we have things pretty well under control and they get better with scale. 
John R. Alchin: Moving to your question, Doug, on the capital for the SME business, obviously in the capital for 2007 of $250 million, there is more fixed capital component in that, just as we got into our other businesses.  As we get into later years, we fully expect that mix of fixed and variable to swing around in much the same way as it has in the rest of our businesses. So we will go from 75-25 fixed to variable up front, but that will change to a lot more variable capital as we get out into later years and the business continues to grow. 
Brian L. Roberts: Let me just again point out: this is I think all success-based driven from where Im sitting from, because if we were to go out in the first initial markets and for some reason, something not go well, which we have no reason to think that would be the case, its not like we have to build the whole network. This is not a rebuild of any type.  I think its all success-based because you are going to extend the plant because you know -- 
Stephen B. Burke: All the capital is based on a pay-back on particular accounts. 
Brian L. Roberts: Right, its a very precise model that were setting up, market by market, where they come in and say we want to extend the plant for this reason or go to this office complex. 
John R. Alchin: Next question please, Operator. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kathy Styponias from Prudential. Please go ahead. 
Kathy Styponias - Prudential: Thank you. I have a couple of questions as well. Brian, having gone to the consumer electronics show, Im wondering if you thought, if there was anything in particular that you saw that you think is something that needs to be discussed or pursued in conjunction with Spectrum. Along those lines, do you think Spectrum Co. will have any interest in the 700-megahertz spectrum that may come up for auction later this year?  The second question is DirecTV has announced that they have commitments for 70 HD channels. Im wondering what Comcast, I know you feel that you are well-positioned for HD, but do you have the ability to offer a similar package with respect to channels, or is it as Steve kind of suggested, you are going to focus more on movies, VOD and HD and/or sports? Thanks. 
Brian L. Roberts: Lets start with the HD question, just to reiterate again what Steve said. You have to look, first of all, what channels are in HD, whats the quality of programming, how much of that underlying programming is actually in HD, and I think we carry every channel that we can possibly get our hands on today that we think has any HD merit, and the consumers seem quite satisfied. A lot of that had to do with local HD, it has to do with sports in HD, and we carry all of our regional sports, all of our broadcasters.  But we think movies on demand in high-def is a big idea. We are seeing -- I think we saw 4 million orders or so in the last couple of months of the year just coming from the high-def narrow universe who are subscribing high-def movies, and we would rather allocate bandwidth to what the customer wants when they want it and give them more.  If you have 200 hours of high-def and lets just say thats 100 movies, you could easily say thats 100 channels at that moment that the consumer has a choice, plus the 20 or 30 that we already have.  So we are pretty comfortable that we have a migration plan with switch video, with taking analog and converting it to digital. We have plenty of bandwidth. We are not going to radically change our game plan here, and I think we have a superior high-def experience to the consumer, and consumers will know that.  Your question about CES is an interesting one. Probably the short answer is no, I did not see anything that was so wow that would change business as usual. I think if anything, I like many others are waiting to see the iPhone, which wasnt even at CES. But I dont think that has a meaningful impact on our business that I can see in 07 or any short-term.  We have no announced plans for any activity out of Spectrum Co. that you havent already heard about. But its an area that I think we have a lot on our plate in 07. We will be doing some work with Sprint in a couple of markets to roll out wireless, to see if Quadruple Play has a meaningful difference than Triple Play, better or worse to the consumer.  Other cable operator partners will be doing different versions of that, but one of the benefits of working in partnership with Sprint is we are going to get to see what ideas work and what ideas dont work, and we continue to monitor it. But when you can go out and sell 6.5 million new products with the three youve got, we dont want to do a whole lot to divert that and try to figure out how to execute on that. Thats something Im sure well talk about in years ahead. 
John R. Alchin: Thanks, Kathy. Next question please, Operator. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Spencer Wang from Bear Stearns. Please go ahead. 
Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns: Thanks, and good morning. Just two quick questions. John, the enhanced basic contribution seemed to slow a little bit in the fourth quarter. Can you give us a sense of what was driving that? Was that by design?  Secondly, on the VOD day-in-date trials, could you just talk about how you are pricing the product? Are there any changes in the splits with the studio? Thanks. 
Brian L. Roberts: Im not sure how much weve said publicly about the trials. The price is the same price. Its just a movement of the windows. Im not sure what weve said about the splits, so Im going to defer on that one.  In terms of enhanced basic, we really didnt slow down on enhanced basic in the fourth quarter. It was just a very dramatic acceleration in high-def and DVRs, which was a combination of normal seasonality and us putting a little bit more effort behind it, because we though the fourth quarter was a good time to promote high-def. 
John R. Alchin: And could we take one last question? Thanks, Spencer. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Kraft with Credit Suisse. 
Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse: Thank you. A question on programming costs. If you break down the 8% growth that you saw in 2006, how much of that would you attribute to VOD content acquisition versus rate increases in unit growth?  Then, what are your expectations for programming growth in 2007?  Then lastly, given that the broadcasters are becoming increasingly bold in asking for payment for retrans, how do you see these negotiations playing out for Comcast? 
Brian L. Roberts: If you look at the programming costs in the fourth quarter, virtually none of that was for free video on demand. There is obviously a portion of the pay per view business that we pay the studios for, but in our traditional programming structure, it is really basic and premium assets.  If you then look at the retransmission issue and the other issues facing our programming business, I have now been in the cable business for eight-and-a-half years. Every year, there are two or three or four issues that are concerning us in terms of programming costs, and that is just part of being in this business.  A few years ago, it was sports and then it was regional sports and right now, the issue that is on everybodys mind is retransmission consent. We are in very good shape with all of the majors. We have deals into the next decade. We have the vast majority of all of the good television stations under long-term retransmission deals and would assume that the existing arrangements would continue until proven otherwise, and feel like were in pretty good shape. 
John R. Alchin: Brian, just to clarify on the increase in programming expenses of 8% in 2006, as I said in my comments, about 5% of that had to do with apples-to-apples cost increases year over year and the remaining 3% was all volume driven, driven primarily by the increase in the digital customer count.  We dont give outlook beyond this, but weve been very consistent in saying that we think that we will be able to manage programming expenses absent volume increases in the CPE plus a couple of percentage points range.  With that, thank you all for joining us on this call and we look forward to seeing you on May 1 at our investor day. Thanks. 
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. There will be a replay available of todays call starting at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time. It will run through Saturday, February 3rd at midnight Eastern Time. The dial-in number is 800-642-1687, and the conference ID number is 5668483. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the companys website beginning at 12:30 p.m. today.  This concludes todays teleconference. Thank you for participating. You my all disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Roberts - Chairman, CEO  John Alchin - EVP, Co-CFO, Treasurer  Steve Burke - EVP, COO 
Analysts: Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein  Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch  Aryeh Bourkoff - UBS  Doug Shapiro - Banc of America  Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns  Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse  Jeffrey Wlodarczak - Wachovia Securities  Kathy Styponias - Prudential  Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers 
Operator:  Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcast's third quarter 2006 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President and Co-CFO, Mr. John Alchin. Please go ahead, sir.
John Alchin:  Thanks a lot, operator. Welcome, everybody, to our third quarter call. First of all, I'd like to refer everybody to slide number 2 that contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our press release for the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP.  And now, for opening remarks let me pass to Brian Roberts for his comments.
 Brian Roberts :  Thank you, John. We are just excited and thrilled with this quarter. This may well be the inflection point for the cable industry and particularly for Comcast this year. The cable business is really healthier than it's ever been. As you'll see, we reported 12% revenue growth in cable with 15% operating cash flow growth. This is the 25th consecutive quarter of double-digit OCF growth. But what's particularly impressive is how it's accelerating each quarter in revenue growth. In the last four quarters we've basically gone from about 8% to 12% with an increase each quarter. What's powering this is RGU additions. We had approximately 1.5 million RGUs, John and Steve will take you through the detail. That's up 82% and it's the highest level of quarterly additions in company history. And it goes without saying that those RGUs will be there next year producing revenue next year from this year, that's the beauty of a subscription model business. So last year's growth just powers next year's results and I think we're just feeling that building momentum and it's all powered by our triple play bundle. Phone is now a $1 billion run rate business as we continue to see rapid growth in subscribers and footprint. We're up to about 30 million homes by year end that will have CDV available. Not all of those are yet doing the full triple play and of course we have the Adelphia markets to look forward to accelerating CDV and triple play in those markets. Triple play, as we've been saying throughout the year and it's now being confirmed, as it has with other cable companies, stimulates higher growth rates and Steve will take you through some detail on that both for high-speed data, for basic subs and for digital. We're positive in basic sub growth this quarter. We'll take you through and it. It's a complicated quarter because of all the swap systems. But the underlying story is the momentum is significant, and we believe sustainable. As I mentioned, we had a very busy quarter in addition to operations. The content business is moving in the right direction, we're very convinced and you'll hear some of that. At the same time we went, as we reported previously, with other cable companies and purchased approximately 20 MHz of wireless spectrum. It gives us great flexibility and optionality on a nationwide basis with other cable partners. In our markets we cover about 99% of our cable territories now where we'll have 20 MHz of wireless spectrum. I want to congratulate the bidding team because we managed to do that at prices that are on 20% to 60% or more in some cases below the cost for the identical spectrum in the same auction as other wireless companies paid.  We complete successfully the Adelphia and Time Warner swap transactions and the purchase of Adelphia. We agreed to dissolve the Texas and Kansas City partnerships with Time Warner. And over the next year, year-and-a-half or so we intend to integrate these 3.5 million new subscribers. All of the systems from Adelphia and Time Warner are contiguous to our existing operations and of course we pick up Houston, which is one of the top 10 markets in the country, with terrific growth prospects as a stand-alone new market.  All of this allows us to ramp up growth from our video business with video-on-demand, from triple play which bundles our products together, and we believe we are now well positioned, extremely bullish and we think we will have double-digit revenue and operating cash flow growth. We're not changing guidance today because we've said we're not going to do that every 90 days. But rather, we believe that this quarter will be as good or we hope even better in the fourth quarter as we feel the business continues to move forward.  With that let me turn it over to John.
John Alchin:  Thanks a lot, Brian. As Brian just stated, we're very excited about the strength of the results in this quarter and really believe that this momentum is sustainable as well as being significant. Before getting started with the numbers let me describe how we're presenting the results for the third quarter. In a nutshell, we're presenting cable on a pro forma as adjusted basis throughout the presentation. Pro forma as adjusted cable results include the results of the Adelphia/Time Warner transactions and the Houston system as if they were acquired on January 1, 2005. And don't forget, they exclude the LA systems that we owned, the Dallas system that owned and the Cleveland system that aggregated about 1 million subscribers, and those systems were transferred to Time Warner as of the same date. Please prefer to the press release and especially to note number 2 and table 7a and b for the details of this pro forma presentation. On the other hand, in the consolidated results, first of all they include all the acquisitions as of the date of their closing, Adelphia/Time Warner as of July. Secondly, they present Dallas, Los Angeles and Cleveland as transferred to Time Warner as discontinued operations. Thirdly, with respect to the Houston system that is still subject to certain approvals and closing conditions, it's accounted far on the equity method investment. So driven by strong results at Comcast Cable and reflecting the impact of the Adelphia/Time Warner acquisitions, consolidated revenue for the third quarter increased 22% to $6.4 billion while consolidated operating cash flow grew 25% to $2.4 billion. Pro forma cable revenue increased 12% and operating cash flow 15%, and we'll review the drivers of those results in the following slides. Content revenue for the third quarter increased 9% to $258 million, reflecting increases in the network ratings, advertising revenue and distribution revenue. Third quarter content operating cash flow increased 22% to $88 million. The current quarter is showing really strong and improving results in this segment. We've unveiled a new name, Versus, for the network formerly known as OLN. Next week on Halloween we'll unveil the new multiplatform network available on video-on-demand, on line and wireless devices. This is FearNet and it will be dedicated to the best of horror programming. There are a lot of good things coming out of our content division and we congratulate the group on all the progress they've made. Consolidated net income increased $1 billion to $1.2 billion or to $0.58 a share in the third quarter compared to net income of $222 million or $0.10 a share in the same period last year. The current quarter included one-time gains net of tax of $435 million and $234 million related to the Adelphia/Time Warner transactions and discontinued operations respectively. If you were to exclude these gains, adjusted net income for the third quarter would be $548 million or $0.26 a share, up from $0.10 a share a year ago. You'll see the details of those calculations, of the $0.26 a share, in table 7(c) at the back of the press release. Slide number 5 speaks to the record-setting quarter of RGU net additions that were driven primarily by our triple play offering. For the quarter we added 1.5 million RGUs which is fully an 82% increase. 94% of these net adds, or 1.4 out of the 1.5 million, were from our historical Comcast systems. This shows the strong growth and momentum in our core business.  RGU growth was driven by strong net adds from all of our products. In fact, each one of products posted better net adds in the third quarter of '06 than they did a year ago. Steve is going to describe the drivers of our RGU growth, so I'll just highlight a few points. First of all, with respect to basic, our historical systems added 24,000 subs this year, that's an improvement from a loss of 39,000 subs in 2005.  Secondly, we added 558,000 digital subscribers, the largest quarterly increase in our company's history to end the quarter with 12.1 million digital subscribers and a digital penetration rate of 50%. Included in the digital subscriber additions are 423,000 enhanced cable customers. Growth in the number of enhanced cable customers has increased steadily in 2006 as we incorporate this level of service into our entry-level $99 triple play offering.  At the same time, we added 315,000 digital subscribers with advanced services, that's our high definition and DVR offering. We did that this quarter and so far more than 1.5 million in the past year. Remember, existing customers who upgrade to our high def DVR service are not counted as a new RGU if they already subscribe to the digital service. But at the same time, they contribute incremental revenue of $5 to $10 per month. In high-speed data and what is seasonally the strongest quarter of the year, we added 536,000 new customers, the most quarterly additions in two years. In fact, this is the second-highest level in our company's history. In CDV we added 483,000 new customers building on the momentum from earlier in the year as we added over 200,000 in the first quarter, 300,000 in the second quarter and 483,000 in this quarter. So year-to-date we've added 3.4 million RGUs, that's 66%, above last year's take. We've added more RGUs this year to date than we did for the entire year last year. RGU additions, as we show on slide number 6, are driving double digit revenue growth. Total video revenue increased 9% to $4.2 billion and this is the fourth consecutive quarter of accelerating video revenue growth. The year-over-year increase reflects a 16% increase in the number of digital subscribers and increasing consumer demand for the digital features that we're offering. Digital average revenue per unit, which captures the incremental revenue from all our various levels of digital service increased 9% from the prior year. So if you look at the mix of digital customers that we now have, they essentially fall into three categories. First of all, about 14%, as we show in the press release, of our digital customers are in the enhanced cable category and on average those customers pay us about $50 a month. About 52%, or the majority of the digital customers, the 12 million that we have in total, have subscribed to what we call Digital Cable which is the full digital offering and they pay us on average about $65 a month. Finally, we have the category that I just referred to that takes the HD DVR, or what we call Digital Cable with advanced services, and on average they pay us in excess of $70 a month. All of our digital customers have access to ON DEMAND and we continue to see strong increases in movie and event purchases from those customers who have ON DEMAND. Pay-per-view revenues increased 31% in the third quarter and pay-per-view revenue has shown strong growth with the rollout of ON DEMAND increasing more than 25% on average for each of the past three years. Our high-speed data consistently has posted terrific results. High-speed data revenue increased 22% to $1.4 billion in the quarter reflecting record-setting subscriber additions and stable average revenue per unit of $43.14. We ended the third quarter with a penetration rate of 24%, up from 20% a year ago.  The Comcast Digital Voice product that we're offering continues to ramp up, and as a result cable phone revenue increased to $252 million in the quarter and, as Brian noted, this represents a $1 billion a year run rate business with lots of growth ahead of us. This is driven by strong additions to the CDV service as discussed earlier, and our phone business has grown 50% from the third quarter of last year. Steve is going to cover more of this business as he goes through his slides. Finally, in the advertising category, we increased revenue 10% to almost $400 million reflecting the growth in the core business as well as political advertising in this quarter. On slide number 7 we illustrate the accelerating cable revenue and operating cash flow growth that's driven primarily by our triple play offer. Growth has expanded our margins to 39.6% in this quarter, fully 110 basis points above the level of a year ago. The margin improvement reflects strong revenue growth and our continuing success in controlling the growth of operating costs even as we experience higher service and installation activity from the record RGU additions; and, as we incorporate lower margin operations from the systems acquired from Adelphia/Time Warner and the Houston system. The impact of these acquired systems on overall cash flow growth is flat to slightly accretive to the overall revenue of the end cash flow of the business. On slide number 8 we've shown you the breakdown of the 3.5 million subscribers that we've acquired. We completed the Adelphia/Time Warner transaction in July and expect to complete the dissolution of the Texas/Kansas City joint venture in the first quarter of next year. What we're able to do with this transaction is to convert passive investments to cash flow producing assets with considerable revenue and operating cash flow opportunity. Together, both transactions will add 3.5 million new customers to Comcast, an increase of about 15% to the total previous subscriber base. We're really excited about the systems that we're receiving because all of the Adelphia/Time Warner systems fill in or extend existing markets so they fit us like a glove.  There is considerable upside in the systems for new product penetration. The systems acquired from Adelphia have lower product penetration than the historical Comcast systems. For example, the Adelphia systems have digital penetration of 41% versus 50% for our historic systems. And the acquired Adelphia systems currently do not have any phone service, any VOD or, by virtue of that, the triple play offering. The acquired systems on average have cash flow margins in the mid 30% range. Just like the integration of AT&T Broadband, we'll bring these margins to Comcast levels over the next 18 months or so.  The acquired systems will require more capital over the next 12 to 18 months than the average Comcast systems do for a couple of reasons. First, we need to complete the upgrade of the Adelphia systems, they're currently at about 85% rebuilt. Secondly, we need to make all the systems Comcast like, meaning to give them provisioning that's similar to what we have by adding CRAMs, digital simulcast and giving from a products standpoint services like phone, VOD and higher high-speed data speed levels. In relation to slide number 9 we should point out that we've updated and reaffirmed our cable guidance to include the Adelphia and Time Warner transactions and the Houston system to be received with the expected dissolution of the Texas/Kansas City cable partnership. The details of the guidance update are included in today's earnings release.  To assist investors with their financial model we have set the 2005 base by disclosing pro forma revenue, cash flow and RGU additions for the cable business in 2005 including Adelphia/Time Warner and the Houston systems. Investors will now be able to forecast expected 2006 levels from this new base. Supporting the record RGU growth we're reporting this year and including in acquired systems, CapEx is expected to be approximately $4.5 billion. This pro forma, full year CapEx number is consistent with the data we presented at a recent investor conference where we highlighted the range of approximately $500 million of annualized capital investment required for these acquired cable systems.  Cable capital expenditures for the quarter were $1.2 billion compared to $1 billion a year ago. The increase in CapEx is directly associated with the increase in RGUs. CapEx increased 25% to support an 82% increase in RGU net adds. CapEx continues to be predominantly variable and revenue driven. For the third quarter more than 75% of cable capital expenditures were variable and directly associated with new product deployment and consumer demand for our advanced services. When we look at the returns on variable capital associated with RGUs, the result is incremental returns of more than 30% on a leveraged after-tax basis as we generate on average about $200 of EBITDA per RGU. On slide 10 we show that we've generated $870 million of consolidated free cash flow in the third quarter. This is 38%, or a $240 million increase, when compared to last year's levels. On a year-to-date basis free cash flow increased over $800 million to $2.2 billion due primarily to the 30% increase in cash from operations, driven by strong cash flow growth at Comcast Cable, as well as an improvement in working capital. The balance sheet update is shown on slide 11 and I just want to clarify a few details here. Cash increased almost $2 billion in the quarter to $2.8 billion. Our public debt issuance in the third quarter totaled $3.4 billion in anticipation of funding needs for Houston and the wireless spectrum. We accessed two new debt markets for our company in the quarter; the floating-rate market for $1.25 billion and the retail market with a 49 year issue for an additional $1.1 billion. Since the beginning of 2005 we've refinanced almost $4 billion of debt at rates that are 200 basis points below previous coupons. This results in annual interest savings of $80 million. The average cost to debt being issued during this period is about 6.1% and the average life exceeds 21 years. During the third quarter our investment balance declined to $7.2 billion from $11.8 reflecting the Adelphia/Time Warner transactions. Our investment balance of $7.2 billion will decline further as the Texas/Kansas City partnership closes at the beginning of next year. Also included a this amount is our partnership interest with Insight, our Time Warner stock and our investment in the wireless spectrum. The remaining balance reflects investments that have been monetized.  The third quarter debt level of $27 billion is unlikely to decline through year end as we continue to invest in our business and return capital to shareholders. On slide 12 we show that we've invested billions of dollars this year to grow our business while continuing to invest in our own staff. This investment activity will likely exceed $5 billion as we show on slide 12. We bought back 14.6 million shares in the quarter for a total investment of $493 million. Year-to-date we've bought back over 64 million shares for an investment of $1.9 billion, that represents a 3% reduction for this year alone. So not only are we able to report a fantastic quarter from an operational standpoint, but we're continuing to use our financial strength of our business to invest in future growth and competitive advantage and at the same time to return capital to shareholders.  With that let me pass to Steve.
 Steve Burke:  Thanks, John. I've been with Comcast now for more than eight years, and during that time we've had 32 earnings calls and some of them have been pretty good. However, out of 32 quarters I would have to say, this one is the best. John has hit the financial and RGU highlights which speak for themselves; so this morning what I'd like to do is zero in on our real engine, the thing that's really driving our results, the triple play. There are five key components to our triple play strategy. First, phone represents an attractive new line of business in its own right. The majority of the 46 million homes we pass have wireline phones. We are often the only viable alternative to the Bell's and we can deliver phone in a cost-effective manner with our existing platform and people so it's a good business for us. The second component of our strategy is that we use phone to deliver a very attractive price/value relationship for all three of our key products: video, data and voice. This may seem obvious, but it's a really critical point for understanding the impact of the triple play on all of our business. It's about much more than just selling phone. $99 for all three products is a great price value. Before the triple play, you could if you wanted to, find video at a cheaper price and DSL for less than cable broadband, but at $99 we're competitive even if someone takes the time to buy ala carte from three different providers. With this price/value relationship we attract price conscious customers who otherwise would not subscribe. We can also win back video and data customers who otherwise would see no reason to switch. The third component of our triple play strategy is that it's a very efficient business proposition for us. Instead of multiple monthly promotions we now have a simple consistent message. This is easier for consumers to understand and our employees to explain. When we get a triple play subscriber we use one platform and one installation so it's operationally efficient as well. The fourth component of our triple play strategy is upselling. Once someone calls we offer services such as digital, high-definition or HBO and, as a result, our average triple play subscriber spends over $120 a month with us. The final component in our strategy is churn reduction. When someone has their Internet address and telephone number with us they're less likely to leave. The effect of this churn reduction on our basic subscriber count should grow over time.  These five areas are key pieces of our triple play strategy and so far each of them is working better than we planned at the beginning of the year. We see that in the number of total phone subscribers; we also figured CDV would be a drag on our 2006 financials and the opposite has been the case. Now what I'd like to do is go to some slides which show you how our triple play rollout is progressing. The first slide is slide 13. This slide shows CDV marketable homes. At the end of the quarter we're up to over 30 million homes out of the 46 million home total, or about 66% of our footprint. We should be at over 80% of homes marketable by the end of this year and 90% plus by the end of next year.  About half of these CDV-ready markets are mature in the sense that they are aggressively selling the triple play. Normally a market starts the triple play three to six months after launching phone, so this number should grow rapidly in the future. The second slide shows quarterly net adds per CDV. These numbers are for the entire company including newly acquired systems, but since Adelphia hadn't launched phone, this growth came primarily from heritage Comcast markets. The 483,000 net adds for the quarter was about 60% over our internal budget. In our historical Comcast systems, we actually added more phone during the quarter than data customers, despite the fact that phone is in its second year of existence and data is about eight years old. In fact, it took high-speed data five years to add over 400,000 subs in a given quarter and with phone we did it in less than two. This next slide shows some of the key metrics we use to monitor this business. The first metric is sell-in rate, or the percent of new customers who take the triple play. In the second quarter we averaged a 25% sell-in rate across the country and only Boston was over 35%, so this is good progress.  The second metric is the percent of triple play customers who are new to Comcast. This is a very important statistic because new customers bring more basic and high-speed data business when they join our subscriber ranks.  Finally, we're doing a good job selling triple play customers additional products such as high-def, digital packages and HBO, and the average triple play customer generates over $120 per month in revenue. The next slide shows the effect of the triple play on basic customers. For the first time this quarter we think we have conclusive evidence that the triple play is lifting basic subscriber counts. For some time in our business as a whole, our basic sub adds have been declining. For each of the last three quarters this trend has been reversed and we've done better than the last year regarding basic subs.  Triple play is clearly part of the reason why. In markets with the triple play we gain more subscribers for the company as a whole. In heritage Comcast markets the effects are even more noticeable where we've improved by 63,000 subscribers our basic sub situation in the third quarter of 2005 versus a year previously. The next slide shows the effect of the triple play on high-speed data. This chart suggests we might have gained fewer data subscribers than last year without launching phone, but in fact the triple play seems to be changing the fundamental growth curve of this business. The good news about these slides is that these trends should continue and in some cases accelerate in the future. Some acceleration will come from expanding our marketable home base from 66% to over 90% in the next year or so. Some will also result from the maturation of triple play markets as we get better at operations and marketing with more time.  Finally, as our base of triple play customers grows, we will have more loyal three product customers and churn should continue to decline across all of our business lines. So in conclusion, the triple play is really starting to kick in. We're very excited about it. You can clearly see it in our financial results and our RGU metrics. It's having a very profound effect on many aspects of our business and we look forward to continuing to roll out this strategy in the years to come.
John Alchin:  Okay, operator, let's open up for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein.
 Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein: Good morning, everyone. A question on your margins, if I could. You've had a lot of inflation in activity, if you will, with new installations. Some of that's being capitalized, but there has to be a significant amount of that that's being expensed as well. Yet, you've had no margin reduction. Is that an indication that the underlying margins of the business are expanding faster than it appears in the numbers?
 Brian Roberts :  What's interesting, and this is something that was a pleasant surprise as we worked our way through the year, -- we've added something like 45,000 new employees. When we add a new employee typically the training session makes that employee less than productive for the first 60 or 90 days. So we had assumed as we launched phone that it would actually depress our margins. What has in fact turned out to be the case is that when you show triple play customers at an average ARPU of $120 it is modestly accretive to our overall margin. So we've been able to absorb all of these employees and all of the attendant training and other costs and our margin has been expanding, which is a pleasant surprise.
 Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein:  And one more question if I could. Could you update us on your thinking about Insight and what you might do with that option?
 Brian Roberts :  We don't have any new news to report and when we do, we'll tell you.
 Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein:  Okay. Thanks, Brian.
John Alchin:  Thanks, Craig. Next question, please, operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch.
 Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch:  Thanks. Maybe a follow-up to that question, just a more general question is could you discuss your appetite overall for more cable? The second question is what is the ARPU on triple play subs in their second year? Finally, could you discuss how much you might spend on the wireless spectrum and when do you think you might do that?
 Brian Roberts :  Our appetite for cable continues to be, we're very bullish about the cable business. I don't know how you could not be given these results, given what's been happening and what appears to look like it wants to continue happening. There is not a strategic need to change what we've really been focused on, Jessica.  As John described, a lot took place in this quarter because of Adelphia and Time Warner, but to convert a lot of the non-operating assets into operating systems and if we think we can get superior returns given our scale I think implicit in the first question about margin is we are getting better as a company. Our scale, our programming discounts you add it all together, a little bit here, a little bit there, it makes a big difference and the business is moving in a good direction. On the wireless question, again I think when we're ready and have something meaningful to say there we will. At this point we really viewed it as a strategic opportunity to put some capital into the spectrum. We think we did so opportunistically in an auction where there was a lot of supply of frequency being sold and perhaps not the same match in demand. So we were able to buy it at 45% of the prior auction cost per MHz popand get all of our markets. That allows us to now engage in a variety of conversations to see what are the best technologies, when is the best timetable? As we've said, we really want to see what consumers want and we're going to explore that. We also have a good relationship with Sprint and we would like to bring some products to market as we previously reported. So we'll have more to talk about that, but I look at Comcast strategically, big picture, company this size and say if you want and need to -- and when the timing is right -- to be able to have your own frequencies and your own network integrated perhaps with others or with your own cable engineering, we're in a position to do that and we're in control of our own destiny. We did so at an opportunistic price. And your third question and I'll turn over to Steve on the second year of triple play.
 Steve Burke:  Well, we don't have a lot of places where we've entered the second year, so it's a little early to tell. But the expectation is that when someone goes off the original first year promotion the average ARPU for that customer would increase in range of $20 to $30.
Operator: Your next question comes from Aryeh Bourkoff - UBS.
 Aryeh Bourkoff - UBS :  Good morning. Just a few things. First of all, you have 11 million high-speed Internet subscribers now. Given your growth, what are your plans for developing the online platform for video? I know you launched JumpTV recently, but could you do a YouTube like product? Are people coming to you given that scale and looking for things that are more innovative online? Secondly, obviously you mentioned wireless, but there's been a lot of talk about the Sprint partnership. Are you happy with the Sprint partnership the way it is or is this potentially going to be something that you're interested in rolling up at some point?  Related to that, is this going to be an organic growth story for a while, Brian? Obviously momentum is in your favor, accelerating as you said. You've brought in some properties in the quarter. Is this going to be the system, the home footprint for a while and we're going to see it grow or are you looking for acquisitions? Thank you.
 Brian Roberts :  You know, we said at the beginning of the year we were going to focus on execution. I think Steve and his team, I'd like to say the three Daves -- Dave Watson, Dave Scott, David Guiliano -- they're focused on triple play. I don't think folks quite appreciate how many markets and how broadly diverse in 30 states, and to have this kind of ramp up this quickly and appear to just be getting going and then now have Adelphia to integrate. It's just a marvelous execution. So the broader answer to the question is that's where our focus is. There is no cable really for sale on a large basis, so I think, yes, we are focused on this footprint and executing. Larry, John, Bob Pick and the team that has been doing the rollup and the conversion of the non-operating assets into operating assets.  So as to your Internet question and video, we have been saying for some time that the Internet is friend to video, Internet 2.0 is all about video. Video works better on Comcast than it does on our competitors and in most homes and you don't know which one of those homes you are in if you're too far from a central office. So if you can get the best, a lot of customers want it and Steve described now being able to package that for better value. We're getting back customers that perhaps initially went for price but now want the speed. Somebody told me a statistic -- I'm not perfectly sure this is right -- it's something like 4% of the bits last month that go over broadband were YouTube. All that video is not traditional television video and it's a different kind of experience for the consumer. If you can get that experience, it used to be music was the driver; I think video is going to be the driver but I think it's a different type of video experience. It's not really cable channels in their entirety at all. It's a different revenue model as most of this video is free. So we're pretty excited with the position of where the consumer wants to go, personalization, and where our networks want to go. We are going to continue to invest and to market and I think you're going to continue to see a great business.
John Alchin: Operator, can you take the next question? We still have a number of people in the line here. So if you can restrict your question to one question rather than three that would give others a chance to ask a question. So let's go to the next one.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Shapiro - Banc of America.
 Doug Shapiro - Banc of America: Maybe I'll make it one-and-a-half questions. For Steve, on CDV it looks like the net adds per homes marketed is up mid-30s sequentially. Just curious, when do you think those kinds of efficiency gains hit the wall? Maybe put a different way, at what point do you think you're actually getting supply constrained?  The half question is, I just was wondering if you had on triple play sell-in, any sense of what that looks like in your most successful or most mature markets?
 Steve Burke:  You're absolutely right, what I call the maturation of a market. Typically we launch CDV and wait three to six months before we even start the triple play. I would say the majority of our markets to this point are still what I would call supply constrained. In other words, we don't have enough people to handle all of the demand. We might have a few markets such as Boston where we're staffed appropriately to really be going 60 miles an hour in terms of marketing and everything else.  But I think well into next year we're going to have this affect of markets maturing and we're going to have this effect of growing our units faster than we're growing our footprint. I think that's just a fact that it's here to stay. We have some markets that are over 35% in terms of sell-in, but you know, trees don't grow to the sky and I would not see that sell-in number getting too much higher than 35%. I think 35% is very healthy. To be taking 35% of your customers that call in for cable service and selling all three products and getting on average, over $120 a month, I think is a pretty good number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns.
 Spencer Wang - Bear Stearns:  Thanks and good morning. John, you said 94% of your RGUs came from historical Comcast. Is that broadly true across all the various products? Voice, digital and broadband? Secondly, your free cash flow guidance, are you guys still expecting 25% to 30% conversion? Thank you.
John Alchin:  Thanks, Spencer. If you go to slide number 5 you'll see the breakdown by column of historical and acquired systems. As I mentioned in my comments, we actually on our own would have done better had we not had the drag of losing 14,000 basic subscribers from the acquired systems. Digital, all but 7,000 of the 551,000 digital customers were ours. High-speed data, slightly higher proportion of those customers came from the acquired systems, 76,000 out of 536,000. So you'll see all of the detail there on that slide. Secondly, with respect to the guidance on free cash flow conversion, leaving that exactly at the 25% to 30% rate that we had given as guidance at the beginning of the year. You'll see that as the third quarter we actually delivered 36% in the third quarter of this year as a conversion rate. That's on slide 10.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse.
 Bryan Kraft - Credit Suisse: Thank you. How sustainable do you think the roughly 8% video ARPU growth rates that we've been seeing for the past three quarters are? Do you think you can sustain them through next year or do you think it moderates a little bit back towards some of the historical ranges of 5% to 6%? Thank you.
 Brian Roberts :  Well, this is sort of a flip answer, but I think in some ways it doesn't matter. I think what we're focused on is increasingly selling all three products in a bundle and trying to get as many people to take all three as possible. My prediction would be other cable companies would do this as well. I think that there may be a moderation of price increases, basic cable price increases as the overall business morphs and changes. So even if the video revenue line grew more slowly, as long as phone and high-speed data grew quickly I don't think that's necessarily cause for concern. That having been said, I think you're going to see us do better in terms of basic subscribers which will contribute to the video growth line. I think you'll see us continue to roll out a lot of digital products in advanced services like high-def, et cetera. So we don't see that number falling off a cliff, but if it declined and the other numbers picked up we don't necessarily think that's a bad thing.
 Steve Burke:  Let me if I might use this as an opportunity to broaden that question and make another point. I've been visiting with investors from time to time and people will ask, where is your priority? Is it basic ARPU growth, is it EBITDA growth, is it free cash flow growth, is it RGU growth, is it basic sub growth? This company on the margin, our priority, we are totally unified, is RGU growth. We believe we have a moment in time, this is a unique opportunity, it's exceeded our expectations how much consumers value this bundle. We are going to continue to push that as aggressively as we can. The great news is having all these other good effects as we've been talking about, whether it's basic sub growth or EBITDA growth. But in terms of our management focus, it's really to just see within the supply constrained limit of how much we can physically hire and do the work, which is a stress, but the highest class of problems but one that we take seriously, we are going to try and sell as many RGUs as we can this year and next year. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Wlodarczak - Wachovia Securities.
 Jeffrey Wlodarczak - Wachovia Securities: Good morning. Steve, video penetration is about 51% at quarter end. You clearly have the most compelling product on the market for the foreseeable future. So why is that penetration rate not going to move significantly higher?  There's a lot of noise around you guys potentially buying Yahoo! and Sprint. Obviously you can't get into specifics, but are you still comfortable with your sort of build partner strategy and content on the Internet? Thanks.
 Brian Roberts :  Traditionally one of the hardest metrics in a cable company to move is basic sub penetration. And a lot of the markets that we inherited when we bought AT&T Broadband had lower penetration than historical Comcast. Its historically been very, very difficult just because people, once they make a decision on their supplier, tend to be loathe to change.  That having been said, I think for the first time with the triple play we have a real opportunity to talk to the other 50% of those 46 million homes. In other words, we have 23 million homes that we're not in now or some number like that, that we could be in and now have a reason to speak to those customers. There has also been recent evidence, and I'm thinking of Cablevision in particular, where their basic sub growth has accelerated to a point where their penetration has started to move and we may be a year or two behind them. That would be a wonderful thing if it happened. Traditionally that's been a very tough thing to accomplish, but we'll see.
 Steve Burke:  So let me first comment that three product customers churn less than one or two product customers churn. The strategy of focusing on getting as many, whatever the rate you charge for that three product bundle turns out to be, I think we are putting the company in a better position. And other companies that have been at this longer are seeing basic subs even grow faster. So as we've seen, this is an improvement in the third quarter, we'll see what happens in the future but our focus again is on the overall RGUs. It is tough to get people to change their incumbent provider even on one service and if they've already bought that competitor we're getting some progress there. Hopefully it will accelerate. We don't comment on any potential specific situations. Let me just say that strategically I think this company is in a very enviable position right now. We're able to build new products. We don't feel we have to buy in all cases or in many cases. A lot has changed in the last couple years. We really wanted to get the content moving in a direction that would allow the personalization of television and I think you're seeing that with 1.5 billion VOD sessions, ON DEMAND sessions in the last 12 months and growing and the kinds of content we announced today, a new network, FearNet, which is an innovative attempt to have a broadband and a VOD network that may not have an actual channel, but rather a virtual channel but give consumers exactly what they want, who love the fear category. So we are continuing to try to innovate. I think the content division is doing that for us quite well. Our Internet division will be coming out with new products in the next 12 months that go at some of the trends whether it's community or video and cross-platform services. So I like where we're at. I like the development team we have and beyond that I just can't comment.
John Alchin:  Okay, operator, we're coming up on an hour so maybe we'll take a couple more questions and then call it quits.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kathy Styponias - Prudential.
 Kathy Styponias - Prudential:  I know that one of the things that makes it exhaustive for management teams to deal with on Wall Street is despite what are phenomenal numbers is the question of what's coming next? And in that regard, my question is regarding phone opportunities in the small and mid-size businesses. I was wondering if you can talk qualitatively about what needs to get done in order for you to pursue that opportunity and in what timeframe? Of the 4,500 employees that you have added this year, how many of those -- or roughly estimate -- how much of that has been spent already to go after that opportunity? Thanks.
 Brian Roberts :  Let me start by saying that that's not a Wall Street question in terms of what's next. Because what has changed, again in the last couple years people have said, okay, after residential phone, what's next? But since we hadn't really got to this kind of great success it was hard to really be wanting to talk about.  I think we are very settled as to what's so exciting is there is another act coming and you put your finger right on it. Let me turn it over to Steve to shed some light. I think you'll have a lot more discussion of this next year and the year ahead. I think we'll come with more detailed plans at our analyst get-together next year. But I think there is a growing consensus in the industry that you take this infrastructure and you roll it into an even bigger marketplace in small and medium-sized businesses.
 Steve Burke:  We are coming up on the end of our budget cycle for next year and every single system in the Company now has a very concrete plan: capital, OCF, hiring for commercial. We announced several weeks ago that we've hired a gentleman by the name of Bill Stemper as the President of our commercial business. Bill was at Cox and was responsible for the Cox commercial business which had been very successful. So you're going to start to see it in our numbers and we're very, very serious about it. The idea really is you launch phone, then at some point phone matures to triple play, then you really do need to make sure that you harden your network even more than it's been hardened for phone. There is a certain amount of investment that needs to take place; you want to make sure that when you come in; we think the small and medium-size business is literally starved for another alternative. But when you come in you want to make sure that you do an excellent job and Bill and his team are making sure that we approach the market aggressively but also carefully at the same time. So you'll start to see a lot more action in hiring, et cetera. Of the 4,500 people that we hired, the majority of those people are technicians and call center people who are dealing with the residential CDV and triple play rollout. They are not commercial. You'll start to see some commercial heads. We've hired commercial people, but it's not a material amount of the 4,500. That hiring is accelerating now and it's going to accelerate in 2007. I try to view that as a whole new business opportunity and we'll talk more detailed about that base case, what the return on investment is, the likelihood of success and we'll have more of those metrics as we put it together. But our instincts are this looks like perhaps an even higher margin opportunity because you charge more and you have less sites that you do it to and it's a better value in some ways, because right now there is no competition for small and medium-size businesses. We have an ability to come in and be the first real competitor in that market for people who want competition in high-speed Internet and voice.
Operator: Your final question comes from Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers.
 Vijay Jayant - Lehman Brothers: Some of your colleagues in the business have started deploying switch digital video. Do you think that's a technology you will want to adopt for improving efficiency for potentially high-definition and the timing, if that is the case?
 Brian Roberts :  We think there's a variety of ways to clear more bandwidth and we've been doing something called simulcast which has been rolled out through the majority of the Company. We're doing a switch digital video trial in Denver. We like the technology and I think what you'll see is an adoption of a variety of approaches depending on the system and the timing and how the technology develops.
John Alchin:  Thank you Vijay and thank you all. We'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator:  There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 11:30 am ET. It will run through Saturday, October 28th at midnight ET. The dial-in number is 800-642-1687 and the conference ID number is 7359179. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the company's website beginning at 12:30 pm today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-27 11:30:00) =====
Executives: John R. Alchin - Co CFO, EVP, Treasurer Brian L. Roberts - Chairman, CEO, President Stephen B. Burke - COO, EVP
Analysts: Jessica Rief-Cohen  Merrill Lynch Craig Moffett  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Aryeh Bourkoff  UBS Douglas Shapiro  Banc of America Securities Katherine Styponias - Prudential Douglas Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank Securities Spencer Wang  Bear Stearns Thomas Russo  Gardner, Russo & Gardner
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Comcasts second quarter 2006 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President and Co CFO, Mr. John Alchin. Please go ahead, sir. 
John R. Alchin: Thank you, operator, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call.  First of all, before we get started, Id like to refer everybody to Slide No. 2 which contains our safe-harbor disclaimer and remind everyone this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties.  In addition, in this call well refer to certain non GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our press release and to our Investor Relations web site for reconciliation of non GAAP financial measure to GAAP. For comparison purposes, well refer to pro forma as adjusted amounts throughout this presentation that reflect the impact of new accounting for stock options on the 2005 results and the acquisition of Susquehanna Communications in the second quarter of 2006. Please refer to our press release and especially Tables 7A and 7B for details of these adjustments. And so for opening remarks, let me pass over Brian Roberts for his commentary.  Thanks, Brian.
Brian L. Roberts: Good morning. We are obviously quite pleased with the second quarter. As you look at almost all the key operating metrics that drive our company, we are reporting an increase in our expectations both from the results of the second quarter and our expectation for the second half of the year. As you look at the overall cash flow growth, it really is a different Comcast than anytime in the last five years. We are accelerating and it is, you know, you dont want to use overhyped words like an inflexion point, but we really feel the phone business is now coming into its own and is going to drive an era of growth that we havent seen for a very long time. So lets look at some of the specifics.  In the second quarter, this is the second consecutive quarter where we had the highest RGU growth in that quarters history for the company and thats true for the second quarter with 816,000 new RGUs.  Impressively, CDV is 45% up from the first quarter, which was over 300,000 net additions to CDV. We are pleased at the performance of the CDV business, again, the Comcast Digital Voice. The product is great. Its a great value for the consumer. Thats something that, as weve introduced new products, it not only works and its high class, but by putting it in the triple play bundle, we now have created a great value for our consumers.  All that has driven a revenue growth which has now accelerated and youll hear some more statistics but to 11% revenue growth nearly in the quarter, driving a nearly 14% cable operating cash flow growth. This is the 24th consecutive quarter of double-digit OCF growth.  Now youve heard us talk about double-digit growth but the momentum with the RGUs allows, in our opinion, for this trend to now continue and perhaps be better than we obviously had expected when we laid out the guidance at the beginning of the year, which is why we are upping cable guidance across every category in 2006.  John will take you through and see the specifics of each of those, but the bullishness that I feel based on these kind of results and what happened in the first quarter and then an increasing rate of CDV performance leaves me very optimistic. And then we get to Adelphia. Adelphia is finally looking like its going to close here in the next couple days. It is a great transaction because we are able to convert a passive investment in what originally was Time Warner Entertainment. Its been a long road to convert that to Time Warner Cable and to now convert it into cash flow generating systems that fit us quite well. Steve will detail all the work we have to do with these systems, but they fit like a glove. The opportunity for growth as we ready those systems should slightly be positive in 2006 outlook than even that which were providing today. As those systems come online, we think they will add a slight positive to the overall business.  So again, I think it was a great quarter. I think Steve and Dave Watson and others in the cable management team had a super year. The Content Division has made investments that are going to position us for growth in years ahead. Weve decided to make investment this year. Weve been buying back the stock with our free cash flow and all in all, I look forward to your questions later, but its a very exciting quarter. John?
John R. Alchin: Thanks a lot, Brian.  Youre probably aware that we have slides that well be referring to throughout this presentation on our web site and Im starting off with Slide No. 4, the second quarter 2006 consolidated results. So the great start we experienced in the first quarter continued into the second, driven by the momentum that Brian referred to in his opening commentary.  Consolidated revenue for the quarter increased 11% to $6.2 billion while operating cash flow grew 12% to $2.4 billion.  Cable revenue increased 11% to 5.9 and cable operating cash flow increased an outstanding 14%. Ill review the drivers of the cable business in the following slides. The content revenue for the quarter increased 17%, reflecting increases in network ratings, advertising revenue and distribution revenue.  As we outlined previously, were continuing to invest in programming and production in our networks and, as a result, second quarter content operating cash flow declined 35%. This decline was primarily related to expenses incurred for OLNs coverage of NHL along with other programming initiatives.  Consolidated net income for the quarter increased to $460 million or $0.22 a share compared to $0.19 a share in the same period last year. The 16% increase in EPS reflects the strong performance driven by cable in addition to other income of $85 million from sales of certain investments. Moving on to the next slide, which is headed up Record RGU Net Additions, this shows the strong quarter over quarter RGU net additions that Brian also referred to, clearly illustrating that RGU net add momentum is accelerating. For the quarter, we added 816,000 RGUs, a 61% increase driven by strong net adds in digital, high-speed data and phone.  As always, seasonality impacts the business in the second quarter. Total second quarter RGU net adds represent approximately 84% of the first quarter net adds [label] and the number of basic subscribers declined 66,000 due to seasonal disconnects associated with a number of markets we serve in vacation and university communities.  Weve added nearly 1.8 million RGUs year-to-date. Thats fully 63% above last years pace of 1.1 million. As a result of the confidence in the growth prospects of our business, we are increasing RGU net addition guidance for the year by 20% above our previous guidance of at least 3.5 million. Our revised guidance represents a full 60% increase over the 2005 levels of 2.6 million net adds.  With our phone service, we expect growth to continue to accelerate for the rest of the year. Phone for the year should add approximately 1.3 to 1.4 million CDV subscribers offset by up to about a 350,000 circuit switch customer loss which is reflected in the increased RGU guidance. On the next slide, we show how RGUs fuel double-digit revenue growth. We expect this momentum to continue throughout the second half of the year and accordingly were increasing our guidance for both cable and consolidated revenue growth to 10% to 11% from 9% to 10%.  Total video revenue increased 8%. The quarter over quarter increase was driven by a 15% increase in the number of digital customers and consumer adoption of digital features. During the second quarter we added 350,000 digital customers to end the quarter with 10.5 million digital subscribers and penetration of almost 49%.  Included in the 350,000 digital additions are 238,000 enhanced cable customers as we saw rapid increases in enhanced cable net adds with the ramp up in the second quarter of our triple play offer. At the same time, we continued to see increased customer demand for high definition DVR products with approximately 30% of the customers, digital customers, now subscribing to HDDVR products. That compares to 28% in the first quarter and 20% a year ago and on average, these customers generate revenue in the $65 to $70 a month range. And remember that existing digital customers who upgrade to HD or DVR services are not counted as new RGUs. Pay per view revenue also increased in the quarter by 30% year over year as purchases through out on demand service continued to power growth in the pay per view category. Pay per view revenues in the second quarter are double what we reported in the second quarter of 2003 when our on demand service was launched. Were also pleased with the strength of our high-speed data business. High-speed data revenues grew 22%, reflecting the addition of 305,000 high-speed data subscribers and, at the same time, stable average revenue per unit of $43.78. The significant ramp in CDV, Comcast Digital Voice, is also reflected in these results. Steves going to talk about this in much greater detail during his commentary, but its worth noting that the revenue increased 23% net of the $27 million decline in our circuit switch phone business. We added 306,000 customers in the quarter. Thats a 45% sequential increase over the first quarter.  Advertising revenue increased 8%, reflecting strong growth in political advertising driven by Florida and California primaries. Excluding political advertising, our core advertising business increased 6% from the prior year. On the next slide, we show how operating cash flow grew 14% and this is the result of continuing increases in our cash flow margins. The combination of strong top line growth, cost controls, operating efficiencies delivered this increase to 41.4% in cable operating margins. Thats fully 110 basis points above second quarter last year and over 400 basis points above first quarter 2004 levels as we show on Slide No. 7. Even as we delivered impressive RGU additions and as CDV growth is accelerating, we continue to tap into the benefits of scale and were effectively managing our overall expense growth. Margins have historically peaked in the second quarter and then dropped and flattened out in the second half of the year. We expect this trend to continue this year, particularly as we accelerated RGU additions. So, year-to-date operating cash flow margin of about 40.5% is fairly indicative of what we expect for the full year. The combination of continued strong demand for our product and disciplined cost controls have enabled us to increase operating cash flow guidance for the year to at least 13%.  On the next slide we show how capital has remained relatively flat for the year at $1.8 billion. Capex continues to be variable in nature. For the first half, 74% of cable capital expenditures were variable and directly associated with new product deployment and customer demand for new advanced services.  When we look at the returns on variable capital associated with RGUs, the result is incremental returns of more than 30% on a leveraged, after-tax basis of what were generating.  So, were investing to drive growth and as we accelerate and sell more new products, Capex is increasing only modestly at 10% above last years level to support what is a full 60% growth this year in RGUs.  One way you can see the returns that were generating out of this is to look at Slide No. 9 where you see that in the first half of the year we generated over $1.3 billion of consolidated free cash flow, including $553 million in the second quarter. On a year-to-date basis, free cash flow increased $572 million from last year, due primarily to a 29% increase in cash from operations driven by strong operating cash flow growth at Comcast Cable as well as changes in working capital reflecting the reduction in the broadband-related payments in 2006.  As in prior years, the second quarter includes tax payments that we make in April and June, while no tax payments are made in the first quarter.  So were able to reaffirm our 2006 free cash flow guidance as our free cash flow conversion rate is still expected to be in the range of 25% to 30%. On Slide No. 10, we show that were maintaining a focused and balanced approach to capital deployment as we utilize the free cash flow generated by our business and sustain the flexibility to make investments and continue to grow, while all the time returning capital to shareholders. For the first half of the year, our stock repurchases slightly exceeded the free cash flow that we generated. We bought back more than 22 million shares, for a total investment of $685 million, which is more than double the level of repurchases that we made in the second quarter of 2005. Year-to-date we have repurchased almost 50 million shares for a $1.4 billion investment and since the inception of the program, weve bought back nearly $6.4 billion worth of stock, effectively reducing shares outstanding by almost 10% and we still have stock repurchase availability under our program of $3.9 billion.  At the same time, our liquidity position remains strong and were ready to close the Adelphia transaction.  With that, let me hand over to Steve for the review of our operations. 
Stephen B. Burke: Thank you, John. As a general comment, six months into 2006, were delighted with our performance and particularly the progress weve made rolling out CDV. As happy as we are with the results to date, were equally pleased with how we are now positioned for the second half of 2006 and beyond. When we put our budget together for 2006, we set a target of a million new phone customers and 10% to 11% operating cash flow growth. Those targets seemed reasonable and realistic at the time given the challenge of rolling out CDV across the majority of our footprint.  During the first half of 2006, weve exceeded our internal targets for revenue-generating units as a whole, basic subscribers, high-speed data, digital, telephone and operating cash flow. As a result, were increasing our guidance and looking forward to building on our momentum in the second half of the year. Our accelerating phone rollout was really the highlight of the quarter. By the end of the quarter, we reached 25.6 million marketable homes for CDV and 95% of those homes get triple play marketing offers today. Well take the 25 million homes to over 30 million homes by the end of the year.  Were seeing a consistent ramp up in weekly net adds, from an average of 10,000 net adds per week in the fourth quarter of 05, to 16,000 in the first quarter and 23,000 in the second quarter of 06. After adding 211,000 CDV net adds in the first quarter, we added 306,000 in the second. We see no reason why this momentum wont continue and we see no reason why we cant add over 400,000 CDV net adds in the third and fourth quarters, hence the increase in guidance. Net adds will grow in the future as we add to our footprint but, as importantly, will increase as the maturity of our triple play marketing offers mature in market by market. Right now were adding people and cross-training our existing workforce at a rapid pace. This will allow us to increase capacity for installation and net adds will grow as a result. We are still supply constrained and in the early innings in terms of our marketing aggressiveness. Our phone metrics are right where we want them to be, with about 35% of all new customers calling our call centers taking phone and triple play RPU over $120 per month.  The physics of getting a big organization with 70,000 employees moving in one direction are not simple, but were very pleased with how our people have embraced the triple play and know that, like the integration of AT&T Broadband, once we set our sights on something, we tend to do it very well.  Basic subscribers, as expected, were down 66,000 subscribers due to seasonality. Were the largest cable operator in Florida with about 1.8 million subscribers there, and every year we lose about 50,000 or 60,000 subscribers who go north. We also think we have over 40% of all the college students in the United States in our footprint, and they also contribute to our second quarter seasonality. During the second quarter we were 13,000 basic subscribers ahead of the same period last year and for the first half, were 92,000 basic subscribers ahead of last year and we fully expect to gain basic subscribers for the year as a whole.  Our high-speed data business continues to power along. We added 305,000 subscribers during the quarter, slightly more than during the same period last year. Year-to-date, were 29,000 high-speed data subscribers ahead of last years net add pace.  Our RPU was $43.78 for high-speed data, slightly higher than the previous quarter and last year. After the Adelphia transaction closes in a few days, well have over 10 million high-speed data subscribers and the business shows no signs of slowing down. Our digital rollout is also going well as we push to eventually go all digital. Year-to-date weve added roughly 700,000 new digital subscribers compared to under 500,000 for the same period last year. Our digital penetration now stands at about 49%.  VOD usage continues to grow and we had a record 150,000 VOD sessions in June, a 33% increase versus the same period last year. Were constantly adding new VOD content and we think this makes our digital service superior to our competition. Advertising sales were up 8.4% for the quarter and were optimistic about the second half of the year due to political spending.  Now that weve covered each line of business, let me add some perspective on our financial results. Revenues are starting to grow more rapidly due to the triple play. As a subscription business, this revenue growth should accelerate with our triple play net subscriber additions accelerating as well. In the second quarter, revenues grew 10.5% while expenses grew just 8.4%, which meant operating cash flow grew 13.7%. A year ago, we thought our phone rollout would be a drag to our 2006 operating cash flow growth rate of about 100 basis points. The idea was we would add CDV customers in 2006 who would benefit us in 2007, but during the initial rollout period they would actually be a drag on operating cash flow growth. In reality, due to the triple play were seeing the benefit of less discounting on our video and high-speed data business. Were also seeing the benefits of scale and running three products over the same infrastructure. As a result, operating cash flow growth has accelerated from 10% to 13% and that acceleration should continue as we add more triple play customers in the future. As a final note, were now looking forward to closing the Adelphia transaction finally in a few days. Most of the properties were getting fit very well with ours. Weve had business plans in place for months and management teams assigned and ready to hit the ground running, just as we did with AT&T Broadband several years ago. Based on our business plans, we think these new systems will generate just over $600 million in operating cash flow and have capital expenditure requirements of $300 to $350 million in 2006. Given programming savings and operational improvements, we think the Adelphia systems will actually be accretive to our OCF growth rate and free cash flow in 2006. Longer term, as we add CDV and our version of VOD to these systems, we would expect them to increasingly look just like ours. These are great properties and we see no reason why we cant integrate them very smoothly into our operations. John?
John R. Alchin: Thanks a lot, Steve. Operator, could we open up for Q&A please?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from Jessica Rief-Cohen with Merrill Lynch. 
Jessica Rief-Cohen  Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Just two questions. The first one is on data [auto] on  it was a great surprise in the quarter and I think, Steve, you just said there was less discounting. Could you just talk about RPU outlooks, particularly for high-speed data for the second half of the year? The second question, I guess this would just be for Brian, but given the significant speculation regarding a merger between DirecTV and EchoStar which would result in a multi-channel operator of over 27 million subscribers, could you discuss what your primary competitive concern would be in dealing with such an entity?
Stephen B. Burke: Let me take the first one and Brian, you can talk, if you choose to, about the second one. I would not expect our high-speed data RPU to go up substantially in the future. Its quite high as it stands as a percentage of our retail price. But whats going on as we increasingly rollout the triple play, we are less reliant on high-speed data only promotions. Our high-speed data only promotions might be $19.95 for three or six months and once you rollout the triple play, triple play customers, by definition, are taking high-speed data.  So I think both on the unit side, where were seeing high-speed data net adds bigger than last year despite the fact that the business is in its eighth or ninth year and you would normally assume it would be mature at this point, on the unit side triple play is helping and also on the RPU side were seeing less need to discount to keep the momentum going. 
Brian L. Roberts: I would add one other point on that which is the commercial side of the business is perking up as we begin to now get comfortable with rolling out phone and I imagine that youre going to see us begin to talk more about, over the rest of the year and well into next year and beyond, how were going to have a high-speed data business thats going to be able to also include voice so really a two play. If people want video, they can get it but a much better small business, medium business initiative and so RPU will have that tug to the north. So youve got a lot of good things going on, Jessica. No way am I going to speculate on speculation. So if there was some announcement, we probably would comment then but were focused on our results.
John R. Alchin: Thanks, Jessica. Next question please, operator?
Operator: Our next question is from Craig Moffett with Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Hi. Good morning. I wonder, Steve, going back to your comments about the availability of the triple play if you could provide any additional detail on how the triple play market looked different than the rest of the footprint during the second quarter in markets like Boston and Philadelphia? Did you see different basic subscriber patterns? Did you see different high-speed data subscriber patterns? Then secondly, I think theres been some discussion about addressable advertising trials in the second half. I was wondering if you could add some commentary about those as well. Thanks.
Stephen B. Burke: Let me do addressable advertising first. We are doing some small-scale trials. I wouldnt assume that they would have any material impact on the business in the next six months or so, but youre going to start to see us put our toe in the water in terms of interactive advertising and, as you know, were very bullish on that medium and long-term. In terms of how the triple play effects markets, there really is a maturity factor and the maturity factor, we think, takes fully four or five quarters. The market that is most advanced, the big market thats most advanced for us, is Boston and in Boston I think its fair to say that were seeing a greater uplift in high-speed data and basic subs than other markets. As a whole, we dont think the triple play is materially effecting our basic subs now, but were clearly seeing trends that would suggest it will once you get out a couple of quarters and those trends are most evident in Boston. Boston, just for reference, went from losing 16,000 subscribers during the quarter to gaining about 1,000 subscribers so a pretty big shift there and we would anticipate that would roll through the rest of the company although I do want to caution people. It takes times. When a market first launches triple play, the executive and sort of fulfilment side of the house are really just concentrating on getting the orders fulfilled, not on sort ramping and getting the high-speed data and basic subscriber business up. That happens over time and weve seen that pattern at other cable operators as well so I think its fair to say right now we dont see much impact but in the future we look forward to seeing it ripple through the company as triple play gets more mature. 
John R. Alchin: Thanks, Craig. Next question, please, operator?
Operator: The next question is from Aryeh Bourkoff with UBS.
John R. Alchin: Go ahead, Aryeh.
Aryeh Bourkoff - UBS: Thanks. Thanks, sorry, good morning. I just wanted to ask if the RPU, I mean obviously it was asked already about the data RPU but I think, different from some of the other cable operators that were at the triple play offering, youre RPUs are looking a lot better which is obviously helping the operating leverage of the model financially, not just on the metrics. So, aside from just the data RPU and obviously having the bundle, what do you see when you go out with a $99 triple play bundled offer? Are you upselling to a number higher than that, thats really spread around on different products? Thats the first question. The second question is, maybe you could give us a little bit of the statistics of Adelphia and the systems youre acquiring versus the Comcast core properties so we can get a sense of the room for improvement.  Thanks.
Stephen B. Burke: Well Aryeh, on the triple play there are some customers who call and take the $99 product and nothing more. But the average customer who takes the triple play spends more than $120 per month with us, so were clearly upselling those customers into digital packages and HBO and sort of more advanced services. Our feeling is its very important that we continue to do that. We want to make sure our average RPU per basic customer is a little over $90. We want to make sure that the new customers youre taking in on triple play are significantly higher than your average existing customer. What the triple play does is it allows you to provide a very attractive price-value relationship without overly discounting individual products. So the sort of pressure on the basic subscriber on the high-speed data side would generate a lot of discounting by our field personnel that right now they dont need to do because what theyre seeing is that, sort of in hotel terms, our yield is much higher. Our revenue yield is much higher than it otherwise would be because the triple play takes that pressure off in a way that financially is very advantageous because youre actually getting more at a very high margin because youre doing it all over the same plan and tend to do it with the same technician, etc. 
Brian L. Roberts: Okay. John, do you want to give any color. 
Aryeh Bourkoff - UBS: Id like you  
John R. Alchin: Just as a general rule, I think the Adelphia systems have lower margins. Theres still a fair amount of work to be done in terms of not so much rebuilding them but making sure that the VOD infrastructure and the high-speed data infrastructure and telephone are all introduced the way we would introduce them.  You know, we have done this over and over and over. Were a company that has basically grown through acquisition and we dont see anything with Adelphia that is altogether different than things weve done before and theres clearly opportunity, not only for 2006 but I believe for 2007 and 2008 to improve those systems. One tempering point is its only about 8% of the company so that the advantage of taking their systems up to our margins and getting all these new services deployed will be minimized by the fact that its only 8% of the company as a whole. Thanks, Aryeh. Next question please, operator? Your next question is from Douglas Shapiro with Banc of America.
Douglas Shapiro  Banc of America Securities: Yeah, thanks. I also had two things. First, theres a question on the RGU guidance, I guess maybe for John. But you increased the total RGU guidance by 700,000 and you increased the CDV guidance by 300,000 or 400,000 and I think you said you were increasing the service [with losses] by roughly 100,000. So when you add all that out it roughly, you know, is going to be somewhere between 400,000 to 500,000 non CDV, new RGUs that youre looking for this year, at least relative to what you originally budgeted. I was just wondering if you could talk about whats driving that. The second thing, also just some quick math on the Capex increase, it looks like, just on the CPE numbers year-to-date, you incurred about $550 per new RGU and CPE and when you look at the Capex increase its about $500 per RGU in terms of the increase in the RGUs in the Capex. Just wondering, is it as simple as that or is that way too simplistic?
John R. Alchin: First of all, on the RGUs, Doug, were not slicing and dicing through the remainder. Weve been very specific about the CDV category but the remainder of the increase will be spread across the other product lines. I think the important thing on capital is that you look year over year. Were increasing capital by 10% above the $3.5 billion level of last year to approximately $4 billion. Before that, were getting a 60% increase in RGUs. So I think thats sort of the real productivity story thats coming out of the capital deployment side.
Douglas Shapiro  Banc of America Securities: All right. Fair enough. Thanks.
John R. Alchin: Thanks a lot, Doug. Next question please, operator.
Operator: Our next question is from Kathy Styponias with Prudential.
Katherine Styponias - Prudential: Hi, thanks. I was wondering if youd be willing to comment a little bit about the AWS spectrum thats coming up for auction relatively soon, especially in light of the form that was filed and the ownership that Comcast has. Could you give us a sense of what you think you might use the spectrum for and/or given that Comcast has a 52% ownership stake, does that mean that you would be footing 52% of the bills should you win the auction? Thanks.
John R. Alchin: Kathy, I think the real commitment that weve made is to the partnership that we have with the other MSOs and Sprint. Well be rolling out two markets with wireless products by the end of this year. Were keeping our options open in terms of registering. Its like going to a Sothebys auction and buying the, you know, the baton to participate and if there is something opportunistic in the way of, you know, prices that we think are attractive for our shareholders, well be in a position to participate. But the real commitment, first and foremost, is to rolling out with the Sprint JV that we have and those must be up and running by the end of the year.  Next question please, operator?
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Mitchelson with Deutsche Bank. 
Douglas Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you very much. Two questions. One, for Brian or John, any update you can give us on bringing your two big remaining off-balance sheet assets on balance sheet, the Insight and the Time Warner Cable JVs?  Then on digital, just wondering, did you say 238,000 of the additional adds were enhanced basic and if thats accurate, then just a question in terms of, does that imply that digital growth for the core product is slowing or any comments on that further business?
John R. Alchin: In terms of the Time Warner JV, we have triggered the unwind of that partnership and should be hearing from Time Warner, you know, in the very near term as to what decision they have made in terms of selection of property.  Nothing has really been done on the Insight property at this point in time.  The second part of the question?
Douglas Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank Securities: It was expanded basic  
Stephen B. Burke: The enhanced basic number was 238,000. Whats really happening here, a year ago, before we launched triple play, if an individual market wanted to have a video, a good video promotion, their tendency was to make that promotion DVR centric or HD-centric and now most of those markets have turned their attention to triple play. So I think what youll see in the future is the big ramp up in digital will be on the enhanced basic side and well continue to move along nicely in terms of advanced [options.]
John R. Alchin: Thanks, Doug. Next question please, operator.
Operator: Our next question is from Spencer Wang with Bear Stearns. 
Spencer Wang  Bear Stearns: Thanks. Good morning. Just to follow up on the last question on the expanded basic, can you just give us, our understanding, I guess, is that the RPU on the expanded digital is basically pretty comparable to analog, I guess. So whats the benefit to you guys of driving growth in that bucket as opposed to the standard digital product? Thank you.
Stephen B. Burke: Well, the real benefit is those enhanced basic customers are coming on with a very low cost digital box and theyre getting a lot of VOD and our research shows that a digital customer, particularly a digital customer that uses VOD, is much more loyal, much happier, much less likely to churn. So what youll see, if the normal digital, [paid-for] digital penetration was X%, some number way less than 100% of our base, we intend to make up the difference between X% and 100% with enhanced basic. Were just at the beginning, if you look at the enhanced basic numbers, were just at the beginning of that take off and I think youll see those numbers in the years to come go up as we drive that penetration as high as possible and get all the benefits as giving all of our customers VOD. 
Brian L. Roberts: Then the second benefit is longer term, which is were migrating people away from analog onto digital. So not only do they get better picture quality and have the functionality that Steve just talked about, but were going to someday be closer to being able to be all digital over time gradually and when that day comes for all or part of the analog capacity, you get a free rebuild by taking back. Up to two-thirds of your entire network is devoted today to analog and its all being now shipped out in these low cost digital boxes. So its a very elegant bandwidth management strategy to give us the flexibility to have more bandwidth for future services. 
John R. Alchin: I think we have time for one more question please, operator, if you would. 
Operator: Our final question comes from Thomas Russo with Gardner, Russo & Gardner.
Thomas Russo  Gardner, Russo & Gardner: Congratulations on some great numbers. Thanks for taking the call. John, could you describe, or Steve, to what extent the rollout of the triple play has started to allow you to light up the dark homes youve long passed and not served?
Stephen B. Burke: Yeah, I think its too early to say that that is happening in any material way although that is part of our thinking. Due to the acquisition of AT&T Broadband, we have, of the large cable operators, one of the lowest penetration rates of video and traditionally weve looked at that as being a disadvantage, you know, we wish our video penetration was 65%, not in the low 50s. But the positive side of that is we have a disproportionately large amount of homes that we have not sold video to, and the good news is a lot of those homes, almost all of those homes, have a landline phone. A lot of those homes are going to be much easier for us to attract. Virtually 20 million plus customers who currently take no service from us, who almost all have a phone, are going to be customers that we can attract not only for phone but increasingly using phone as part of a triple play for video as well. But I think those kinds of benefits are clearly in our mind but things that we would look at happening in 2007 and beyond. 
John R. Alchin: Thanks a lot, Tom. Thank you, operator. And thank you, everyone, for joining the call.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. (Operator Instructions) This concludes today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: John Alchin - EVP, Co-CFO  Steve Burke - EVP, COO  Brian Roberts - Chairman, CEO 
Analysts: Doug Shapiro - Banc of America Securities  Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein  Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch  Aryeh Bourkoff - UBS  Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank  Katherine Styponias - Prudential  Jason Bazinet - Citigroup  Jeff Wlodarczak - Wachovia Securities 
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Comcast first quarter 2006 earnings conference call. I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President and Co-CFO Mr. John Alchin. Please go ahead, sir.
John Alchin: Thank you operator and welcome everybody to our first quarter conference call. First of all let me refer everybody to slide number 2 which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties.  In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to our press release and Investor Relations website for reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. For comparative purposes we will refer to as adjusted operating cash flow numbers throughout this presentation that reflect the impact of 123R on the 2005 numbers. Please prefer to our press release and especially to Table 7A for details of those adjustments. We are off to a great start, driven by outstanding results across all aspects of our cable business. I will review the consolidated and content numbers ahead of the record-setting cable numbers first. Consolidated revenue increased 10% to $5.9 billion and operating cash flow grew 11% to $2.2 billion. Consolidated operating income increased 21% to $1 billion, and cable revenue increased 9.4% to $5.6 billion; with cable operating cash flow increasing 12.4% to $2.2 billion. I will review the drivers of cable results in the following slides. So let me look at content for just a couple of moments. First quarter revenue increased 12.3%. As we outlined in fourth quarter of last year, we're continuing to invest in programming and production in our networks and as a result, first quarter content operating cash flow declined 34%. This decline was primarily related to OLN's coverage of the NHL which began in the fourth quarter last year, along with other programming initiatives.  Over the past year we've made important investments to enhance our content businesses, including the addition of American Idol host Ryan Seacrest to E!, the launch of our 24-hour kid's channel, Sprout, the partnership between OLN and the NHL and our long-term agreement making Golf Channel the cable home for the PGA Tour. We believe these investments are critical to our objective of making our emerging portfolio of content assets must-have programming for distributors, advertisers and consumers, as well as, complementing the exciting products we are bringing to our customers on the cable side of the Company. Corporate and other revenue increased 61% to $74 million as NHL play resumed favorably impacting our Comcast spectacular results. Consolidated net income for the quarter was $466 million or $0.22 a share compared to net income of $0.06 a share in the same period last year. EPS of $0.22 a share reflects strong operating performance by the cable division, investment gains as well as a lower income tax rate, you should expect a full year tax rate in the 40% to 45% range as opposed to the percentage increase given in this quarter. On the next slide you will see that our almost double-digit 9.4% cable revenue growth was driven by an all-time record-breaking 965,000 RGU increase for the quarter. Total video revenue increased 6.3% to $3.6 billion. The year-over-year increase was driven by the strength in digital with 340,000 digital net adds in the first quarter, up from 200,000 last year and to a lesser degree, by growth in basic subscribers.  We continue to see increased customer demand for new advanced digital features with approximately 28% of our customers subscribing to DVR and/or HD services compared to 17% a year ago. In fact, we added 385,000 subscribers with these advanced services, with all those customers paying us on average between $65 and $70 a month. Included in the 340,000 net digital adds are 84,000 enhanced cable customers in this quarter. This lower tier of digital customers generates, on average, about $4.00 of incremental revenue per month, from modest subscription fees and from buys on our VOD product.  Driven by movie and event purchases through On Demand, pay-per-view revenues increased 29% year-over-year. Pay-per-view revenue has shown strong growth, increasing more than 20% on average over the last two years with the rollout of On Demand. Steve will review the continuing success of our video product in more detail in his comments.  It is the combined strength of basic, digital, data and CDV, Comcast Digital Voice, net adds that make up the record breaking RGU numbers. And this is the most effective gauge of our solid competitive advantage. Continuing on slide number 4, our high-speed data business continues to demonstrate strong growth. High-speed data delivered $1.1 billion of revenue in the first quarter, a 22% increase. We ended the quarter with 9 million high-speed data customers, high-speed data penetration is now 22% and we continue to believe there is significant growth potential in this product as our selling rate continues to be strong at 43%. A great quarter for CDV and Steve will discuss the ramp up of Comcast Digital Voice in his comments. Phone revenue increased 9% from the prior year to $191 million. This was the first quarter of year-over-year revenue growth in the phone business since first quarter of 2003 as CDV net adds outweigh circuit switch subscriber and revenue declines. You should expect that phone revenue growth will accelerate as unit growth in CDV continues to ramp throughout 2006. Advertising revenue increased 4.3% in this quarter, reflecting 4.5% growth in local advertising and relatively flat revenue in regional and national advertising. Overall the spot market was soft. The 14% increase in other revenue reflects a 19% increase in installation revenues and a 31% increase in regional spot due to the ramp up of revenues from Chicago's SportsNet which we launched in October of 2004. On the next slide headed up RGU net additions, we highlight the record increases in each one of the products that I've just described. But it also serves as a reminder that our business is seasonal with concentrations of subscribers in Florida, the Southeast Coast and college towns. Second quarter RGU net adds are typically the lowest in the year as you can see in this chart, coming in at approximately 80% of first-quarter net adds. So then for the second quarter or as we get into the second half of the year you will see those seasonality trends reverse as we increase and accelerate throughout the second half of the year. On the next slide you will see that we have more good news on the expense front. Even as we delivered record levels of RGU net additions and as the rollout of CDV is accelerating, we continue to tap into the benefits of scale and are effectively managing overall expense growth. As a result of strong top line growth, continuing cost controls and operating efficiencies, our operating margins were up only 100 basis points to 39.6%.  On our CapEx slide, you can see the CapEx in the first quarter was relatively unchanged at $864 million. For the quarter, 74% of cable capital expenditures were variable and directly associated with new product deployment and consumer demand for these advanced services. Variable mix has increased significantly from two years ago when 51% of cable capital expenditures were variable.  When we look at CapEx spending and the return on variable capital associated with RGU's, the result is incremental returns of more than 30%. To the extent that we accelerate and sell more new products than anticipated in our guidance, CapEx would increase to support that growth again with incremental returns of 30% or more. In the first quarter we generated $775 million of consolidated free cash flow as shown on the next slide. This is a 136% or $447 million increase over last year. The growth in free cash flow is driven by a 12.4% growth in cable operating cash flow, stable capital expenditures and a decrease in working capital of $236 million due to change in timing of interest payments, reduction and cash paid for intangibles and finally, as expected, a reduction in ATT broadband related payments.  The conversion rate of operating cash flow into free cash flow increased to 35% in the first quarter up from 16% last year. Consistent with the last two years in the first quarter we used a significant portion of our free cash flow to buy back stock, buying back more than 27 million shares or $723 million in share buyback. The remaining availability under our stock repurchase program is $4.6 billion. Since the end of 2003 we have bought back more than 200 million shares, effectively reducing shares outstanding by 8.6%. This represents a $5.7 billion reinvestment in our Company. So now I will pass to Steve for an operational review of these results.
Steve Burke:  Thank you, John. I think we had an excellent first quarter, and as importantly a very strong start to the year of 2006 which I think is going to be a year which really sort of defines the acceleration of our growth. If you put 2006 in context, between 2003 after we closed the AT&T transaction and 2005 we really put the building blocks in place for the growth that you're going to see in 2006 and beyond.  Those building blocks were completing the integration, rebuilding all the AT&T systems, getting the margins up, getting the management team in place. Then moving into 2004 and 2005, putting in place simulcast in the majority of the country which allows us to rollout low-cost set-top boxes and really drive digital in a capital efficient way. Putting in place VOD to 95% of the country with 7,500 shows, which again drives digital and reduces churn; getting HSD speed upgrades in places and putting regional networks in place and getting CDV ready for 20 million homes, growing to over 30 million homes by the end of the year.  So with this foundation in place I think you will see our business start to really pick up across all our product lines, and that's what you are seeing beginning this quarter. So let me give you some highlights for basic subs, digital, high-speed data and CDV. Starting with basic subs, we grew 46,000 subs versus a loss of 28,000 subs last year, a swing of about 75,000 subs quarter-over-quarter. This is actually part of a trend that we noticed in the fourth quarter of 2005 that was somewhat masked by losses due to the hurricanes. We think this improved subscriber performance, adjusted for seasonality, should continue.  The key drivers of this trend are an improved video product due to increased digital and VOD usage and a reduction of our most vulnerable customer segment, analog only subscribers. Out of 21.5 million total customers, our analog only count is down to under 8 million compared to about 10 million a year ago. This group will continue to shrink as we rollout more digital high-speed data and phone units. Our research shows digital customers have half the discretionary churn of analog customers. When someone uses VOD, churn gets cut in half again. So as our digital base increases and more people use VOD, our basic sub trends should improve. Comcast On Demand is now available to 95% of our digital customers. About 6 million homes used On Demand in the last three months, up from 4 million homes a year ago.  Total usage continues to grow, and we hit 141 million views in March. Each of this usage is about half an hour long, so that's a lot of usage. We now have over 7,500 shows including 253 movies, hit shows from CBS and soon NBC, and other content that just keeps getting better and better every month. There is no question our customers, when our customers have and use On Demand they have a better TV experience than satellite. And we will keep making the experience better and deliver to more and more people in the future. High-speed data also helps basic subscriber growth and the fact that we now have 9 million subscribers of high-speed data versus 7.4 million a year ago helps our competitive positioning. Right now it is too early to see the effect of CDV on basic subs but we expect it will start to kick in in a meaningful way later this year. Moving onto digital, we had a record first quarter with 340,000 net adds versus 199,000 net adds last year. We now have over 10 million digital subscribers or 47% penetration. During the quarter we added 384,000 advanced boxes, 84,000 low-cost enhanced basic subscribers and migrated about 128,000 traditional digital subscribers to advance boxes. In other words, high def or DVR capable. You should expect to see digital adds accelerate in the future as we look to take advantage of the VOD and digital benefits described earlier. In terms of high-speed data, we added 436,000 subs in the first quarter of '06, our best first quarter on record. ARPU was also strong at $43.14 versus $42.81 last year for the quarter.  We noticed two interesting trends in our high-speed data business. First, our analysis shows an increasing percentage of our new data customers are coming from DSL. In the first quarter 34% of our net adds came from DSL compared to about 23% a year earlier. Interestingly, we now get as many customers from DSL as we do from AOL narrowband.  We think our message on speed superiority continues to ring true. As the RBOC's cut prices we keep focused on speed, superiority and reliability. As consumers engage in richer Internet experience such as music, games and video, they should place even more value on speed. The second trend is the positive impact CDV has had on high-speed data growth. In phone markets, our high-speed data net adds are clearly doing better than they are in the rest of the country. This stands to reason because the triple play at $99 for the first year is very competitive with what the regional Bell companies are offering, but it is good to see the effect so clearly in our numbers. As we get more aggressive with CDV in more markets and our net adds grow, the benefit to our high-speed data business should only increase in the future. Moving onto telephone, last but not least, we added 211,000 CDV customers in the first quarter, up 54% sequentially versus 134,000 in the fourth quarter of '05. We launched 3.9 million new homes and as of the present time we have about 20 million CDV marketable homes. We expect to add about 5 million new homes in the second quarter and end the year with over 30 million marketable homes. We added an average of 15,385 subs per week during the quarter, and we're now having weeks around 20,000. So we're pleased with how the business continues to ramp.  We have now launched more aggressive triple play marketing in places like Boston, Philadelphia, Indianapolis and Pittsburgh and this is working well. Triple play marketing is launching in the majority of the country in the next three to six months. In the markets where we have triple play marketing, we are seeing ARPU of $120 to $130 for the $99 triple play as people elect to take HBO or digital on top of their $99 bundle. About 75% of our CDV customers in these markets take all three products.  So in closing, across all of our product lines you can see units and ARPU results at record levels. As a subscription business, these trends are likely to continue and in some cases accelerate as we move throughout the rest of 2006. It is shaping up to be a very strong year.
Brian Roberts:  Thank you, Steve. This is Brian Roberts. Let me just conclude before questions with a couple comments. Let me be corny and say this was a Comcastic quarter in the sense we've been trying to pull together all the strings of the Company into one message to consumers.  I think our advertising is doing a fabulous job establishing a confidence that our products are the best, and we are seeing a wonderful response. I can't imagine a stronger start to this year. Steve just reviewed in detail the cable results. But if put in context we now have had 23 consecutive quarters of double-digit cash flow operating growth. This is setting us up well, in all of our judgments, to have continued double-digit performance even as we invest, as John described, in future growers like our content businesses where we have taken one step backwards to take many steps forward in the years ahead. The big headline, of course, I think is the outstanding quarter for new products. 965,000 new RGU's is more new subscribers than any other quarter in our history. So it sets us up well for growth from those recurring revenues for every period in the future, and we hope to continue to sell new products.  We are excited about each of the categories, even the enhanced basic which didn't get touched on in great detail is a wonderful product, and we have millions and millions of customers who are getting analog cable who are about to enjoy the benefits of digital as Steve said, for a nominal cost. As a corporation we are using the free cash flow in a very measured way to continue to reinvest most, if not all of it in our stock and return of capital to shareholders; John gave you the details there. We anticipate closing some large transactions this year that will have usage for free cash flow. But in the last half a dozen quarters all of the free cash flow has gone into buying back the stock.  We are bullish on the core business and the growth businesses, and we hope to have an outstanding 2006. So it is a great start. I would like to just congratulate a lot of people that are on this call from the Company and in the field. Certainly a lot of challenges and I think this Company has responded fantastically. John.
John Alchin:  Thank you, Brian. Operator, can we please open up for Q&A?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Douglas Shapiro, Banc of America Securities.
Doug Shapiro - Banc of America Securities: John, I was wondering if you could address the full-year guidance in cable EBITDA growth just in light of the very strong growth this quarter. It didn't sound like there was anything one-time in terms of the expenses this quarter, and you have in the past obviously implied that you think things should only get better over the course of the year. So I was just wondering if you could address that disconnect.
John Alchin: Certainly, Doug, and we really don't see it as a disconnect. We are very excited about the strength of these results in the first quarter and all of our products are growing. We expect to see acceleration of CDV as we go on throughout the year.  But going forward, we're focusing on building the business for the long-term, and we don't plan to make adjustments to annual guidance on a quarterly basis unless there are really material changes in our expectation. So we are going to stick with the guidance; reaffirm it, feel very confident about it but not make quarterly tweaks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Moffett, Sanford Bernstein.
Craig Moffett - Sanford Bernstein:  Good morning. Two questions. First, can you provide any more insight into the kind of ramp up that you've seen in the markets where you are fully marketing the triple play like Boston in terms of take rates in basic subscribers and high-speed data? Secondly, can you just brief us on where you are with respect to focusing on commercial services as the kind of next leg of voice and data?
Brian Roberts:  Let me start with commercial. I think obviously you have to have phone and data in place and operating well before you can be very aggressive on the commercial side of the business. We are going to start the process of assembling a broad senior management team in the second half of this year for commercial. I think you're going to start to see our numbers really ramp in 2007 and 2008. The way we look at the world, we want to have a stream of new products so that as any driver starts to approach maturity you have a new product coming, and commercial and ad sales I think would be the two interactive ad sales would be the two opportunities that we see kicking in 2007 and beyond. In terms of the effect of the triple play on high-speed data and basic subs, in New England where we launched the triple play pretty aggressively around January there is a very clear correlation between an uptick in high-speed data and CDV.  The correlation right now is less clear, less demonstrable in terms of basic subs. But we have studied other MSOs who are further along than we are, and we are very confident there is going to be a correlation.  But the high-speed data correlation is clear and I think you can see it in our numbers right now. There is no question that high-speed data index is higher to last year when you are aggressively launching the triple play.
Steve Burke: One other point, I just was in New England you get a sense that as you can tell from other MSOs' results, this is just the beginning of the telephone era. It is not like a quick spike in stock. It continues to grow. We certainly seen that with other MSOs, and our management team that has been in New England is saying, we are still grappling with the how to fill so many orders, as compared to we're not sure where the next sale is coming from. This is going to be a sustained growth even in markets that have been at it for a little while for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Reif Cohen, Merrill Lynch.
Jessica Reif Cohen - Merrill Lynch:  Thank you. The question is regarding voice capability. I think Steve said you are up to 20,000 a week now. So are all of these installed by the Company? Are there any self installs, and is there any hold back in your capability to install? Like obviously as your footprint grows your ads will grow but within the same markets how do you expect to ramp up?
Steve Burke:  Jessica, right now we do the majority of our phone installs in-house, not 100%, but probably 60% or 70% in-house. We are hiring and training people as fast as we can. We've looked at self install and have had a lot of planning and discussion around self install, and I think we will move to self install, least in some cases -- particularly people who live in apartments and places where a cordless phone makes sense -- but right now we're doing no self install.  Behind your question is, what are the constraints of growth. This is obviously a very high-class problem to have. Really what you're seeing is our gaiting the rollout to make sure that we have enough people trained. We could always go and outsource 100% of it or give people cordless phones, but we want to make sure that when we do the install, we do the whole home wiring, that we do the install correctly to mare sure that the customer is happy and the churn is reduced.  I think you're going to see as we continue to ramp this business a lot of it has to do with just training and getting people out who can do a quality job.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aryeh Bourkoff, UBS.
Aryeh Bourkoff - UBS: A few quick questions. On the basic business obviously you're starting to show signs of improvement. Steve mentioned some lower churn factors as well as the bundle, but obviously penetration is still hovering around 50% of homes. Do you think that that can grow as you do have voice rollout and the penetration and the churn rate coming down? Do you think part of that performance on basic was driven by satellite pulling back from aggressive marketing, or is it really organic? The second question I have is obviously pricing on data continues to show strength. That strategy has held longer than we would have expected. How long do you think that can continue? You're saying you're taking share back from DSL but DSL is obviously priced lower, so is it just a pie growth? But how do you really take share with the pricing so much different? Lastly a question for Brian is on content, do you have what you need right now in terms of buying sports packages on the content strategy or do you think that there will be further developments there?
John Alchin:  We will have to keep our response very brief given that you've asked three questions.
Brian Roberts:  I'll take a shot at all three real fast. Steve can fill in on the first -- on any part of it. We are not obsessed with basic percentage as the concept the way we are managing the Company. So I am not going to give you a prediction as to what might happen in the future. I think that we said and I think we signaled a while ago that there are a segment of customers that we want to sell multiple products to and that is where the focus of the Company was headed and to put them in a bundle and give them a great value. I think that strategy is working big time.  The more great products you have, the more you're going to get success. We think VOD -- it is very hard to measure exactly why everybody behaves the way they behave -- it is a combination of VOD is surging in usage. We are now seeing much more content come to VOD and On Demand, and we think that's helping. The enhanced basic is going to help quite a bit. Satellite I think focusing on the competitive balance is part of the factor as to the trade-offs in terms of your cost side of your business versus what you charge consumers. And the same thing is true in data.  We have again, and I don't want to harp on it, but I think establishing that we have a superior product -- Steve made the statement, no question the customers who use On Demand feel they have a superior experience. We feel the same thing is true with Comcast high-speed Internet and as it is bundled together we hope you feel you get the best value if you take our phone offering. In the content area, I think we made it pretty clear that the NFL was a sort of a unique situation. That has obviously moved on, and we are very satisfied. Our content strategy isn't sports. We continue to look at regional opportunities. The NHL, albeit had the effect John talked about but at the same time we just announced several major distribution agreements for OLN that I think are the direct result of the strong content from hockey.  So hopefully you're not going to see any major changes, but we continue to look at the whole market. But we're very satisfied with where we're at.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mitchelson, Deutsche Bank.
Doug Mitchelson - Deutsche Bank: Steve when you said Digital should accelerate, is that due to greater emphasis on the enhanced basic service or just overall Digital? The lower question the CFO of AT&T on their first quarter call was almost dismissive of cable and indicated that only about one-third of its voice subs are even at risk of churning to cable, that they are working to bundle that at-risk group up.  I know your initial guidance was only a 20% phone penetration a few years but the question is, when you do your customer marketing analysis and targeting, do their comments make sense to you?
Steve Burke: No, they don't. I think it depends on the individual market, but there were AT&T markets that got the 20% penetration within 18 months. There is a very large group of people that want an alternative to the Bells. Historically they have not had a quality alternative. So we don't think getting to 20% penetration is going to be all that difficult.  By the way, there is a group of people that have historically wanted an alternative to cable, and that is one of the reasons why satellite has gotten to the kind of penetration that they have. So it's not that we do everything perfectly and the Bells do nothing perfectly but I really don't think there's going to be too much trouble on the demand side for telephone any time soon. In terms of digital acceleration I would say the lion's share of that is going to be enhanced basic. I don't think the DVR and high-definition television numbers are going to spike that dramatically. But with enhanced basic when you have a set-top box that costs under $75 and you can get the kind of consumer experience that we're seeing when people get all this video On Demand, I think it is in our best interest to get as many customers converted over to that platform.
Operator: Our next question comes from Katherine Styponias, Prudential.
Katherine Styponias - Prudential:  I have a couple questions as well; can you tell us of your enhanced basic customers, how many of them you've seen downgrade from a full digital package?  The second question is for Brian. Brian, in walking around the floor at the NCTA, it looks like there was a lot more switch to video type products. I'm wondering whether or not your interest in switch to video has increased as a way to increase capacity to offer more HD channels. Thanks.
Brian Roberts: So in terms of enhanced basic creating downward cannibalization on digital, the way we sell in the call centers is when someone calls in we sell digital plus a pay service or two first. Typically 60% of our customers take that. That would be the traditional digital package which is $14.95. When a person says no I don't want that, I just want cable, i.e. the other 40%; what we're doing now is we're saying okay, if you just want cable you're going to get enhanced basic. We manage the digital sell in 60% very, very carefully because obviously it would screw up all the economics if the 60% went to 50% or 40%. So far we've seen absolutely no downward cannibalization issue whatsoever.
Steve Burke: I think it is great that there are multiple technical approaches to bandwidth management, all of which lead to ways that you can be more efficient with what we've already built. There is substantial bandwidth reclamation opportunity. So for those people who are constantly worried are we headed into some sort of rebuild cycle or something like that, something like switch video comes along as well as digital simulcast as well as better compression, it is all good news. They are all compatible with each other; we will be trialing a bunch.  We've chosen, I think we're very comfortable, to lead with the digital simulcast, our enhanced basic customers then get the On Demand platform. A lot of what is happening in On Demand is a form of switched video. Others call it IP TV. There's a lot of buzzwords going along, they're not all the same.  The key for us to the consumer, who I don't think cares how we do it, is to make sure that we have the most offerings in high def, the most On Demand, and a great and reliable experience. And I think we will be using some of all the techniques, all of which look very promising.
John Alchin:  Only one or two more questions operator please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Bazinet, Citigroup.
Jason Bazinet - Citigroup:  Thanks so much. Two quick questions; I was wondering if you could just comment on what portion of the digital voice customers are taking the triple play today? Do you have any intent in participate in the upcoming wireless auction? Thanks so much.
Steve Burke:  The answer to the first question is 75% take all three. And then another 23% or 24% take two. About 1% just takes phone.
Brian Roberts:  We have not made any decisions as to the wireless auction, we participated in those in the past. They can be opportunistic. We've made some money. So we continue to study. We're very happy with the Sprint partnership, and at the same time we -- although we've talked about how to go the next generation of wireless and we are always looking at ways to do that in concert and independently. So no news at this moment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Wlodarczak, Wachovia.
Jeff Wlodarczak - Wachovia Securities: Good morning. Can you provide us with some details on the Adelphia transaction and Sprint Wireless? Steve, is it reasonable to assume given the importance of speed that you're going to be doubling your consumer download speeds during 2006? Thanks.
Steve Burke:  I think on Adelphia we continue to press forward with optimism that we are going to conclude a transaction by the previously stated date of the end of July. We have complied with all the requests at the FCC for information. We've gotten complete Federal Trade Commission Hart-Scott-Rodino approval and many, many vast preponderance of local municipalities. So there is no news on this call. We have no information as to the bankruptcy process, but we continue to remain focused on being ready to integrate when that transaction happens. On Sprint Wireless, again, I think it is going well. We have focused on a number of products that would really be an integration to the consumer, not just a marketing integration but an actual product integration. We've talked at the cable convention about a number of those, I won't go back into them today but they are trying to make this a seamless experience.  As you both port your communications needs and your entertainment needs from inside the home to outside of the home, from one device to a larger device, etc. There is a very constructive process and way to get some products tested in the marketplace this year in a number of cities that we are participating in.
Brian Roberts: In terms of speed I think you can assume that over time we're going to keep increasing our speed. The second half of this year we actually have a very interesting technical implementation that is going to allow us to increase speed in a way that we've never done before.  One of the advantages of the cable platform is that our speed is the same for all of our customers unlike DSL. As speeds in general go up and people use the Internet at higher speeds more often, I think that is going to be increasingly an advantage and one that we're going to continue to push.
John Alchin:  With that, thank you all.
Operator: There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 11:30 AM ET. It will run through Friday, April 28th at Midnight CT. The dial-in number is 800-642-1687 and the conference ID number is 7310744. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the Company's website beginning at 12:30 PM today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-02-03 12:30:00) =====
Executives: John Alchin, Executive Vice President, Co-Chief Financial Officer   Brian Roberts, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer   Steve Burke, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Aryeh Bourkoff, UBS Warburg   Ray Katz, Bear, Stearns   Douglas Shapiro, Banc of America Securities   Craig Moffett, Sanford Bernstein   Kathy Styponias, Prudential Equity Group   Vijay Jayant, Lehman Brothers   Bryan Kraft, Credit Suisse First Boston   Wau Lee, Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Comcast's fourth quarter and full year 2005 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please note that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Executive Vice President and co-CFO, Mr. John Alchin. Please go ahead, sir.
John Alchin, Executive Vice President, Co-Chief Financial Officer: Thank you operator, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year conference call for 2005. I'd like to first of all refer everybody to Slide number 2, which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer, and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements, that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition, in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, please refer to our press release and Investor Relations website for reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. For opening remarks, let me please pass it over to Brian Roberts, our Chairman and CEO.
Brian Roberts, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John. Good morning. In 2005, we delivered solid financial results in all of our businesses, and at the same time and perhaps even more important, we have made significant steps in laying the foundation, that is going to help us dramatically accelerate new product growth in 2006. I'm very bullish, and want to explain to you a little bit, why we are as upbeat about all parts of the Company as we start out the New Year. First of all, the Cable group is very healthy in all parts of the business. We have accelerating CDV, Comcast Digital Voice growth, and a group of content assets, where we are extending and enhancing the value of our programming grants. In 2005, results once again demonstrated the health of these businesses. John and Steve are going to drill into the details, but despite hurricane effects, and an unusual fourth quarter in that regard, and certain investments, opportunities in the content business that we believe are going to pay off in years to come, we achieved near double-digit revenue growth, double-digit cash flow growth, generated $2.6 billion in free cash flow, and used a significant portion of which to reinvest in Comcast stock. We are now focused on new products as the engine for a whole new growth era, and 2005 was a terrific year in RGU growth, with 2.6 million units. But that's going to accelerate, as you can see in our guidance in 2006 by some 35%, to 3.5 million units. Our strategy of differentiation in both cable, high speed data, and content is going, and is paying off. In 2005, in addition to the results that you've heard about, we were very busy laying the foundation, to set us up for this accelerated RGU growth era that we think we're headed into. We were busy building a national back bone. We were busy completing our bedrock foundation, which is a converged network with one infrastructure, that enables all products to be provisioned seamlessly. We have 75% of the Company now offering digital simulcast signals in our markets, and we're ready to ramp up the delivery of yet a new product, enhanced basic cable. 100% digital service that will include our ON DEMAND features, that enhance the video experience for many more customers from where we're at today. Speaking of ON DEMAND, and our leadership role in developing this differentiated product, we have the opportunity now to continue to expand high-def ON DEMAND. We have the opportunity to expand the quality of the content ON DEMAND, and in 2005, we had 1.4 billion views of our ON DEMAND service, only by our existing digital customers. As you know, our strategy is to take that product through the enhanced cable, and make some form of it available eventually to most of our 22 million customers. ON DEMAND is now available to more than 90% of the digital home, and we have had some markets where the average home uses the product 30 times a month, for a half an hour per view. We also added 1.5 million DVR boxes and high-def boxes, so the 25% of our digital customers now take what we call advanced digital services. The consumer, and we believe we bet right, wants to be empowered and control their viewing experience, and the combination of DVR and ON DEMAND is unparalleled, unprecedented with any of our competitors. In our content area, we launched Sprout. We partnered with the NHL for Outdoor Life Network, and we partnered with the PGA tour for the Golf Channel. These new initiatives, although perhaps depressing cash flow growth in the short run are going to we believe, pay off many fold in the years ahead, with the ability to have a richer and more robust programming channel, get the distribution expanded, and create more value in the long run, and that's been our pattern in programming for many years. We signed a 20-year wireless JV during the year with Sprint/Nextel that many of you have heard about. That's going to help us innovate into the wireless space as it interconnects with cable, and available to Comcast customers for years to come, all without having to need to go into the wireless business directly. So I believe the technical foundation is now in place, and because of that fact, our network and all the work that we've put into our back office, we are in a unique position today, to offer a bundle that no other competitor can offer, and we recently have reorganized at the beginning of the year, and Steve can talk a little bit about this, the Company internally to have one operations, marketing and product development team, regardless of what products are in the bundle, so that there's one team driving the bundle. And we have one engineering team for all our products doing the same thing for video, voice, high speed data, and wireless. So we've done the work. We're ready to go, and you're going to hear about that in greater detail. As you look out at the opportunity for Comcast, which is I think, different than perhaps any other company in the space, we have multiple products now that we can sell, including CDV, to the 42-plus million homes in our market. Now, we have a great opportunity to increase RGUs, by selling to our own customers. Approximately 21, 22 million homes, but that leaves another 20 million homes where we have built this state-of-the-art fiber-based network, and we have no relationship with the consumer. That 20 million homes is probably larger than almost all but one other cable company in existence, and as we launch more services and features, we hope that the power of that bundle will allow us to extend our customer relationships into more of those homes in the years ahead. Finally, in 2005, we invested more than $2.5 billion in our stock through stock repurchases and related securities. In the last two years, we've invested a total of $5 billion in our stock buyback and our retirement of exchangeables. While at the same time maintaining a strong investment grade rating. Today, I'm pleased to announce that the Board has approved an additional $5 billion buyback authorization, hopefully demonstrating our belief and confidence in the business, and our commitment to long-term shareholder value growth. With that, let me pass it over to John and Steve.
John Alchin, Executive Vice President, Co-Chief Financial Officer: Thanks a lot, Brian. We had a very strong fourth quarter, despite the impact of a number of hurricanes, particularly on our cable business, but first of all, I'll review the consolidated numbers and then the cable results in subsequent slides. Consolidated revenues for the fourth quarter increased 9.2% to 5.7 billion, and for the full year, they grew 9.6% to 22.3 billion. The growth is driven primarily by the terrific growth that we've had in our cable business. Consolidated operating cash flow for the quarter grew 8.5%, but adjusted for the hurricane impact, it actually increased 10.3% for the quarter. For the full year, consolidated operating cash flow grew 12.8%, but when adjusted for the impact of hurricanes, was actually 13.2%. So bottom line, we met our consolidated guidance of approximately 10% revenue growth and 13% operating cash flow growth. Consolidated operating income for the year was up 27% to 3.7 billion, and consolidated net income for the quarter was 133 million, or $0.06 a share. EPS for the quarter of $0.06 a share reflects declines in investment and other income totaling 495 million for the quarter, in addition to a higher tax rate than we reported for the full year. We've added a table 7-B to our press release that shows that adjusted EPS for the quarter increased to $0.09 from $0.04 a year ago, and to $0.41 for the year from $0.20 a year ago. Adjusted net income excludes investment and other income, net of tax, and excludes a fourth quarter refinement to our effective tax rate. So let me just make a couple of comments about the content division, before I move on to cable. Content revenue for the quarter increased 14.2%, and for the full year 17%, to $919 million, reflecting increases in network ratings and advertising revenue for all of our networks. Cash flow declined in the quarter to $35 million, as we continue to invest in programming and production, as Brian highlighted, expenses related to OLN coverage of the NHL began in the fourth quarter, along with other programming initiatives, and certain restructurings. For the full year, content operating cash flow increased 7% to 283 million. We continue to build value in our content business, as shown by our recent announcements with the NHL and PGA, as Brian described. 2006 will reflect a full year of NHL costs, but none of the PGA-related costs will commence until we get into 2007. Ratings for all channels are up. Some of them to all time highs. We'll be investing in new programming across the board, and while this will put pressure on aggregate content, operating cash flow for 2006, we're really excited about the long-term outlook for our content division. For the full year, corporate and other revenue decreased 12.4% to 178 million. Operating cash flow decreased 43 million to a loss of 248. Results for the year were impacted by the resumption of NHL games in 2005, offset by transaction and other expenses, primarily in the fourth quarter. Now I'll drill down into the cable results. We finished 2005 with solid unit growth and near double-digit revenue growth of 9.5%. Total video revenue increased 5.7%, driven by a number of factors. Total revenue per basic sub increased 9% to $84.12, driven primarily by new product success. But the core video business is also in very strong shape. We added 40,000 basic subscribers in the fourth quarter to end the year with 21.4 million. Due to hurricanes, basic subscriber additions reflect an estimated loss of about 20,000 subscribers in the quarter. So adding those back to the number that we added for the quarter, we would have had 60,000 net adds, which would be basically the same as we reported for the fourth quarter of 2004. We continue to believe that RGU growth as a metric that measures the growth of our multiple products is a more important measure of the strength of the business than basic subscribers. Nonetheless, we're very encouraged by the strength of our basic subscriber net adds in the fourth quarter, and by the experience of other MSOs who have bundled phone and other service offerings. In addition, we added 1.1 million digital customers. This is our highest level of digital net adds in three years. This reflects increased consumer demand for new digital features, including Comcast ON DEMAND, high-definition television programming, and digital video recorders. We ended the year with a total of 9.8 million digital subs, representing a penetration rate of 46%, up from 40% last year. During 2005, we also doubled the number of HD-DVR set-top boxes, adding 1.5 million advanced set-top boxes, giving us 73% of the boxes deployed, had this advanced capability, up from 51% in 2004. And we actually ended the year with 2.7 million of those boxes in service. This means approximately one out of every four of our digital customers have one of these advanced set-top boxes. That's 25%, up from 13% a year ago. We also added about 70,000 enhanced cable customers in 2005. We now have digital simulcasts in 75% of our footprint, and expect the number of enhanced cable subscribers in 2006 to increase substantially. And we continue to see very strong results in Pay Per View, which is up 16%, making it the third year that we've had an increase in excess of 15%. High speed data business is also in great shape, delivering $4 billion of revenue, an increase of about 28%. Today, high speed data accounts for nearly 20% of cable revenue. We continue to focus on adding value to customers, by increasing speeds and adding features, with the goal of growing units and maintaining average revenue per unit. During 2005, we added a number of feature enhancements, including increased speeds, up to 6 and 8 meg. Free McAfee internet security solutions, NHL On Line, Photo Show Deluxe, and much more. We ended the year with more than 8.5 million high speed data customers, adding more than 1.5 million units for the year. This is a 22% increase in the number of subscribers and our penetration rate is now 21% of available homes, up from 17.5% a year ago. We continue to believe that there's significant growth potential in the high speed data category, as we enter 2006 and our sell-in rate continues to be strong, ending the year at 40%, up from 33.5% in the fourth quarter of '04. For the year, average revenue per subscriber was stable, roughly in-line with the year ago at $42.82. So we continue to be successful, achieving strong growth and profitability in high speed data, despite competitive pricing pressure. In the phone category, we're very excited about the rollout of CDV, which Steve is going to cover in some detail. But just let me make a couple of comments on revenue and operating cash flow for phone. Cable phone revenue declined 2% to the year, which includes the increase in revenue associated with the addition of CDV customers through the year, offset by the loss of circuit switch customers, which generate higher revenue per customer. Revenue growth in cable has been and will continue to be impacted by our legacy circuit switch phone business. This is not a greenfield business for us. The circuit switch business is declining, both in terms of number of subscribers and revenue, as we transition to CDV. All new CDV customers will come in at lower revenue per sub than circuit switch, but we're significantly accelerating the growth of CDV in 2006. This will result in mid-teens phone revenue growth in 2006, as opposed to the 2% decline that we're reporting for this year. Over time, phone revenue growth will drive higher growth in total cable division revenue, and contribute to revenue and operating cash flow growth, as we scale and gain efficiencies in this area. A brief comment on advertising, which increased 6% for the year to $1.4 billion. We expected advertising growth to be impacted by a decline in political advertising when compared to 2004. Overall, the advertising market was soft, as advertising spend slowed in the second half of the year, particularly in the auto sector. The increase in other revenue, primarily reflects the growth in regional sports, because of the launch of Chicago SportsNet, which occurred in October of '04, and we expect in terms of outlook for 2006, cable revenue to grow 9 to 10%, driven by growth in digital and high speed data, and mid-teen growth in the CDV category that I just described. Moving on to Slide number 6 that describes the operating cash flow that we report for the year for cable, which grew 13.2% to 8.5 million. For the full year, margins were 40%, up 130 basis points as a result of strong top line growth, and continuing success in controlling the growth of certain operating costs, including programming expenses, which increased 5.4% to 4.4 billion. During 2004 and 2005, a number of major hurricanes impacted systems serving communities in southern, southeastern U.S. Including the costs associated with the hurricane-related repair expenses of 15 and 37 million in the third and fourth quarter of 2004, operating cash flow grew 14% to 8.5 billion and 12% in the fourth quarter of the year. 2006 operating cash flow guidance is 10 to 11%, driven by double-digit revenue growth in all of our new product categories, offset by higher costs associated with the rollout of CDV, which we estimate creates a drag of approximately 100 basis points on operating cash flow growth. We do not expect this drag to continue beyond 2006, as the business scales. The strength of our business is really evident in Slide number 7, where we highlight the number of RGUs. For each of the past three years, we've added approximately 2.6 million RGUs and at the same time, we've reported an increase in the increase in total revenue per basic subscriber to $82 from $62, a compound growth rate of almost 10%. We added more than 2.6 million in 2005, beating out guidance our of 2.5 for the year. We expect CDV to have a significant impact on RGU net additions in 2006 and beyond, as we move from early deployment to more aggressive rollouts and mass marketing of this product. Including the decline of our circuit switch customers, as we transition to CDV, we expect to add roughly 750,000 net new phone customers in 2006. The net adds from CDV, along with continued strength in digital and high speed data translate to total RGU guidance for 2006 of 3.5 million. Moving on to Slide number 8 that describes capital expenditures, these were relatively flat in 2005 at 3.57 billion. If we net out the 25 million of hurricane-related capital costs, cable capital for the year was 3.54 million. Capital reflects-- billion, I'm sorry. Thanks, Brian. CapEx reflects a 71% decline in rebuild capital, offset by increased purchases of digital set-top boxes, to meet the strong demand for HD and DVR services, and costs associated with deployment of CDV. In 2005, roughly three quarters of cable capital expenditures were variable and demand-driven compared to 58% in 2004. We expect 2006 to look very much like 2005 in that regard. As shown on this slide, both CapEx per RGU and CapEx per subscriber, declined in 2005 from 2004. Over the past two years, CapEx per RGU and CapEx per sub, has declined 24% and 13% respectively. The rollout of CDV and continued customer demand for advance services will continue to drive capital expenditures in 2006, but we expect to maintain CapEx at similar levels in 2005, similar levels to 2005 or approximately $165 per subscriber. Moving on to free cash flow for the year, we generated 2.6 billion in consolidated free cash flow, which is a 33% increase, driven primarily by the increase in cable operating cash flow. We generated 699 million in the fourth quarter, a 40% or almost $200 million increase when compared to the fourth quarter last year. We've consistently disclosed in our press releases, in tables 4 and 7 each time, that our definition of free cash flow is uneffected by fluctuations in working capital, and payments associated with intangibles and other noncurrent assets, acquisitions, and investments. At the same time, we have provided supplementary information in our press releases, that disclose the working capital and intangible numbers. We take pride in maintaining the highest of financial reporting standards, and in providing useful and transparent financial information. In this regard, we're changing our definition of free cash flow in 2006 to reflect the impact of working capital and intangibles. So if you move to Slide number 10, you'll see that our new definition of free cash flow is consistent with most company's free cash flow definition, and responsive to investor's requests. Effective in 2006, free cash flow will be defined as cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations, as reported in our GAAP statements, reduced by capital expenditures and cash paid for intangible assets, and increased by payments related to certain non-operating items, net of estimated tax benefits. Slide number 10 recalculates the 2005 free cash flow based on the new definition, and expresses a conversion rate of operating cash flow into free cash flow. For '05, our conversion rate was 25%, and we expect to match or beat that number and have guidance for 2006 of 25 to 30%. Moving on to the next slide, number 11, Brian's already described how we significantly accelerated the pace of our share buyback in the second half of 2005, buying back 901 million in the quarter. So for the full year, we repurchased $2.3 billion, and when adding the exchangeable securities, invested $2.5 billion in our securities. So we're pleased to report the additional Board authorization of $5 billion. If you would move, then, to my closing slide looking at the outlook for 2006, we expect a very strong year in 2006, leading to continued growth in 2007 and beyond. I would point out that none of the Adelphia, Time Warner, or Susquehanna transactions are included in this guidance. As I mentioned earlier, the rollout of CDV will have a negative impact of about 1% on cable operating cash flow growth in 2006. In addition, our investment in content will impact operating cash flow growth by about another percentage point. Following 2006, we expect CDV growth will contribute positively to cable and consolidated operating cash flow growth, and we believe it can help us continue to drive double-digit EBITDA growth in cable over the next several years. CapEx guidance incorporates RGU guidance expectations of at least 3.5 million units, to the extent we are successful in driving RGU growth to a higher level in guidance, this in turn could have an impact on our variable capital requirements. With that, let me pass it to Steve for his comments.
Steve Burke, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, John. Normally on these quarterly calls, I cover all of the key aspects of our business from basic subs to high speed data to digital and add sales. But I think this time it makes sense just to highlight the importance of our phone business, and give you a more complete update on what is really our key initiative for 2006 and beyond. So I'm just going to concentrate on Comcast Digital Voice, CDV, during this section of the call. If you turn to Slide 13, let me start with 2005 results. We ended the year with 16.1 million marketable homes. We actually passed 21 million homes, but some of those homes are not immediately marketable, because we can't get into apartment complexes, or don't have the right interconnection agreements, but 16.1 million marketable homes is where we ended the year. We launched 25 new markets during the year, and during the fourth quarter, we added 134,000 CDV subscribers, or about 10,000 subscribers per week. By the way, in the beginning part of the first quarter of 2006, we're up to 14,000 to 15,000 per week for the first weeks of this year. And finally, we met our target of 200,000 net adds for the year. Moving on to the next slide in our plans for 2006, you'll see we plan to end the year with about 80% of our homes marketable for CDV by the end of the year. We'll also be launching 15 new markets. We plan to add 1 million new CDV subscribers during the year, and as importantly as everything else, as we move to an integrated Triple Play offer, we think we're going to start to see CDV help our video and data business, the way it has with other MSOs, and the way it has in various test markets. Now let me give you a little color behind the numbers. In 2005 we really laid the foundation for the growth we're going to enjoy in 2006 and beyond. And some of this is a bit, a bit boring and under the surface of the water, but it's very, very important, and we made a lot of major progress during 2005 on these items. We now have a single integrated provisioning system called bedrock. What that allows us to do when we sign up a new customer, whether it's high speed data or phone, we can now do that in an integrated way, on a system we control in every single system in the country. Secondly, we have converged regional area networks, which are really the skeleton upon which we're going to be driving our CDV business. Those are all now in place in the markets where we've launched phone. We have integrated three product billing for all of our markets. So a customer gets one bill for all three products. We have a website for all of our phone customers, so that people can go in and look at the call activity, and we don't need to send that in every single bill. We put in place a management structure in every single region of the Company where we're going to be launching phone, and we've trained over 20,000 people. The Company is so large, the training process has been very extensive. These are really the building blocks for our phone business, and they are behind us, and for the most part, we're ready now to concentrate on the part of the phone rollout, which is going to impact our customers, and going to help us grow our business financially. The really important thing for us is, I think we are years ahead of where our competitors are and will be. Right now we can offer three products to 25 million homes, if you include our old circuit switch phone business, and we can do that immediately and are doing that. If you look at the Bells combined, we think they can only offer an integrated three-product bundle over their platform to about 1% of just our number, about 250,000 homes. We also think they face a number of very significant hurdles to get to where we are, and what they are doing today frankly is just not a scalable or financially feasible solution. So we think we have a real head start. We're ready for prime time, and we're going to be very aggressive in 2006 and beyond. We've also made a lot of progress in the last six months thinking about what an integrated three-product bundle can do for our business. When we launch a market, we really go for phone, we really go through four gears. The first gear is to get the infrastructure ready. The second gear, about six months before we launch commercially, we go to friendly homes or employee homes, and really start to debug the process. The third gear is commercial launch, and that gear lasts for about six months after we go commercial, and then the fourth gear is what we call Triple Play. And in that fourth gear, you're really offering the business, the Triple Play as your major marketing message to the market that you're marketing to. The real payoff is getting to fourth gear. When a market enters this Triple Play gear, a bunch of very important benefits occur. First, you increase the number of CDV net adds, because it's your major marketing message. Secondly, the high speed data business gets a booster rocket, because everybody who gets CDV by definition also gets high speed data. So it dramatically ramps your high speed data business. And then finally, you get a basic subscriber trend improvement, because the competitive dynamic was satellite, and the price-value relationship with satellite shifts quite significantly. We know these benefits occur in Triple Play markets, because we've been testing this now for a number of months. We recently, in early January, launched our New England market, which is about 10% of our Company, around 2 million subscribers, as a Triple Play market, and we've also seen these kind of results with Time Warner and Cablevision. So our plan is to, as we go through the year and the phone markets mature, and more of them go into Triple Play mode, to continue to launch Triple Play markets, as we enter the second, third and fourth quarter. Our plan is to have an entry level price point of $99 for one year, and then upsell to a higher ARPU. That upsell process is very important, and really sort of key to our whole strategy. We would target this offer in our marketing to new subscribers. And as Brian mentioned, we have about 20 million homes in our footprint that don't take any products at all from us, and virtually all of those homes have a phone. So it's a very big target market that we're going to aim at, as we launch this Triple Play. We want to do this very methodically. Traditionally, what we do when someone calls us, is we cross sell and then we upsell. What we'll be doing once we launch Triple Play is concentrating on the upsell process, which is very important. We also want to make sure that we're concentrating on new customers, and really using CDV to drive our entire business, high speed data, basic subscribers, and phone. It's very important that we're ready to handle the volume. These three product bundles drive a lot of business, and we want to make sure we handle the volume efficiently from an operating point of view, making sure that our truck rolls are done with as many times as possible all three products, and we're not running multiple truck rolls for individual installs. We want to make sure that the marketing is as efficient and integrated as possible. We also think that there are efficiencies from a capital point of view, if we do the Triple Play the right way. Our first major market was New England. We're seeing very strong results. Others will follow. Indianapolis, and other markets will be launched in the not too distant future. And as Brian touched on, we have realigned our entire organization. You can't market with three marketing departments, if your marketing focus really is in integrated bundles. From marketing to engineering, we've realigned the entire Company around this strategy, and a lot of that planning work and our play book for how to do this is now complete. I think it's very fortuitous that we are now entering this Triple Play mode at exactly the right time. It's about a three-year time period since we integrated AT&T Broadband. Their margins were 20% when we arrived. We now have a combined company margin of 40%. All the rebuilding work there is done. Our video business is in very good shape, with VOD and DVRs, et cetera. Our high speed data business, we're now over 8.5 million subscribers, a level that we never thought we could achieve just a few years ago. But that high speed data business is now ready for a booster rocket, which CDV is going to provide. And as I mentioned, the infrastructure is ready. Most importantly, we're going to have a first mover advantage here. I think we're going to have it for a very long and sustained period of time. So I think we're right where we want to be. We're very excited about 2006 and beyond. Our organization is very excited about what CDV can do as a new business, but as importantly, what the Triple Play can do for our entire business and our outlook competitively. So with that, John?
John Alchin, Executive Vice President, Co-Chief Financial Officer: Operator, could we open up for Q&A, please?
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Q - Aryeh Bourkoff: Yes, thanks. Good morning. I wondered if you could, you mentioned obviously the voice revenue growth in '06 being, I think you said mid-teens. Clearly EBITDA, negative the first year. Could you talk about what kind of ramp-up do you see beyond '06? When does voice become a cash flow contributor to the company? And then secondly, I was wondering if Brian could talk a little bit more about what the company's doing with respect to content. Obviously some investment right now in the Outdoor Life Network. Maybe talk about what the goals were, with respect to the NFL package, and what we're expecting to come from here, in terms of cost to develop content? Thank you.
A - Brian Roberts: Okay. I'll try to hit them both, John, you can jump in on the first one. Obviously we're not doing '07 guidance here today. So I will generally say that it's our belief, as we put this budget together, if you looked at the various things management has to look at, which would be pushing EBITDA, push for that maximum EBITDA growth we could, push for the maximum RGU growth we could, try to have the minimal capital expenditures we could, and some of the other kinds of variables that go into putting a business plan together. If had you to pick one that we said we want to accelerate, obviously I think Steve did a wonderful job just now explaining the strategy. We are accelerating RGUs, and if at some level that is putting some pressure, downward pressure on EBITDA, as John tried to estimate, in my opinion, if you can be double-digit cash flow, convert 25% of that to free cash flow, and at the same time have a 30-some percent increase in your growth rocket engine for the future years, it should then in logic lead to, in the years beyond '06, to the same or better, hopefully better growth rates for the Company. We don't think this is a one-year phenomenon with telephony, but we will reach scale when you're talking about a million units of volume, and having the company trained, and all the service issues that that will create. And so I think we're very bullish on cable's prospects, which is a different answer perhaps than what the market sees, in terms of our business prospects. We can't be certain obviously, put all the caveats around it, and we'll give you the '07 view when we get there, but we believe this business is going to remain healthy and, you know, obviously people are entitled to their own opinion. John, do you want to add to that?
A - John Alchin: The only thing I would reiterate, Aryeh as I said in my comments, this drag of 100 basis points created by the CDV business in 2006, we do not expect to extend into 2007. And from a revenue standpoint, the circuit switch business will decline probably about mid-teens in 2006, but then in the aggregate, CDV is going to lift total phone revenue for the year to mid-teens. So we're in a different position from a lot of other people, because of that legacy CDV business. So we think the outlook for '06 and '07 is very, very strong.
A - Brian Roberts: Okay. On content, we have always said that there's an opportunity to build cable programming brands, and when we looked at NFL football or PGA golf, or any other activities like hockey, NHL hockey and other things, that haven't been reported publicly, our goal is the same. We are trying to take our brands and extend the number of homes. In most of our channels, we don't have any channels, maybe E! is the exception, that is north of 70 million homes or 80 million homes, like some other cable channels. We have an opportunity to reach into more homes, which will add revenue and cash flow in the years ahead. We have an opportunity to lift ratings, and continue to get revenues from advertisers and cable operators, as you become more relevant. And so each one is opportunistic. There's a financial discipline in the Company, in each situation. If I might, I'll dwell on the PGA golf tour more than I will on the one that's not happening. We have a potentially a 15-year relationship that will, any golf tournament, 40 week as year that's happening in the Professional Golf Tour, the only place to see cable television golf in those 40 weeks will be on the Golf Channel. That's a tremendous leap forward for that network and going to add great value. So in the short run, if that's a drag on cash flow, again, our strategy is to build for shareholder growth in the long-term. That's what has served this Company so well, and I think in the content area, these are relatively small impacts to the overall corporation, but may be very significant opportunities to each individual network.
A - John Alchin: Next question, please, operator?
Operator: Our next question comes from Ray Katz from Bear, Stearns. Please go ahead.
Q - Ray Katz: Yes, thank you. Your operating cash flow guidance for cable, 10 to 11%, I'm assuming obviously that's after the options expense, but I'm assuming that that's a reported number, in other words, not adjusted for the hurricane impact. If you adjust for the hurricane impact on that number, you lose about 80 basis points of growth. Am I doing that correct, and if we look through the hurricane impact, are we really talking, about 9.5% to say 10% operating cash flow growth in cable?
A - John Alchin: No, I don't think that's the case, Ray. I mean number 1, yes, it's adjusted for the options expense, and what we're looking at here is guidance for the full year of 10 to 11. I mean there's no attempt here to sort of exclude from those numbers, or anything like that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Douglas Shapiro with Banc of America Securities. Please go ahead.
Q - Douglas Shapiro: Thanks. I also have a question about the guidance. It looks like, Steve, based on what you just said about the run rate heading into '06 that you're currently on a run rate already for something between 750,000 and 800,000 VoIP adds this year, and your footprint is still set to double by the end of the year. So my question is, does your EBITDA guidance leave a little bit of wiggle room, if you end up exceeding the 1 million net VoIP adds?
A - John Alchin: Doug, we're trying not to, you know, anticipate things that may happen beyond the guidance that we've got in here. We're guiding to VoIP adds of 1 million to the extent that we're more successful, you know, we'll address that when we get to it. But I think this is an integrated package of RGU VoIP growth, and let me pass to Steve.
A - Steve Burke: Let me make one quick point. It is a massive undertaking to take a business and ramp it the way we're going to ramp our phone business, and we saw firsthand what happened to AT&T Broadband when they ran the business for units. They went out and said we're going to have X amount of phone subscribers, and the entire company ran to get units. And we're not going run the business that way. We're going to run the business based on what's right, and we're going to expand markets based on when the markets are ready, and when we can deliver a quality product, and I think it would be inappropriate for us to put numbers out there that would cause us to stretch, and push the business faster than when it's ready.
A - John Alchin: But our 10 to 11% number for cable OCF does include that 100 basis point drag that we expect from CDV roll-out, before the business scales by end of 2006.
Operator: Our next question comes from Craig Moffett with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Q - Craig Moffett: Yes, good morning. First John, I want to clarify your free cash flow guidance, if I could. Am I correct in based on your conversion rate, to understand that free cash flow guidance is 2.3 to 2.8 range for 2006?
A - John Alchin: Yes, that's right, Craig.
Q - Craig Moffett: Thanks. And then second for Steve, Steve, you talked about your fourth gear marketing. I guess it sounds like you're now hitting fourth gear marketing in Boston. How much of your footprint right now is in that fourth gear window, as you describe it? And what's your lead offer in that fourth gear window for, especially for non-subscribers? Are you leading with the Triple Play bundle, or are you leading with a Double Play bundle of voice and data?
A - Steve Burke: The answer is we are a Triple Play right now in 10% of our footprint, around 2 million subscribers. And what we're leading with aggressively, and in the market in the Boston Globe, and on broadcast television, is $99 for one year, all three products. Our experience in Boston so far has been that that's the lead offer, but the average revenue per subscriber is significantly higher than 99, when they come in on that Triple Play bundle, and that's probably 80% of our marketing effort in that market. And what we're doing is watching the results in Boston very carefully. We had a meeting last week with the top 25 executives in our Company and all of our division presidents, and essentially we're taking the Boston play book and then refining it, and then using that to roll-out other markets. We would anticipate, once you get into the second, third, fourth quarter, that that 10% of our Company, would go up to 40, 50, 60% over time when markets are ready. But the thing that we're noticing in Boston is once you do that Triple Play, and once you put that offer out in the market, the phones ring, and people are very, very interested in our services, and you have to be ready for it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kathy Styponias with Prudential. Please go ahead.
A - John Alchin: Kathy? Could we go to the next question?
Q - Kathy Styponias: Hello, can you hear me? Hello?
A - Brian Roberts: Go ahead. We hear you.
Q - Kathy Styponias: Great. First question is for John. John, your working cap needs went up dramatically in the fourth quarter. A lot of it seemed to be related to the AT&T merger, in light of the fact that you are now including working cap in your definition of free cash flow, can you give us a sense of how much we can expect, well what can we expect for working cap needs in 2006, and how much of that will be, how much is still left, I guess, related to the AT&T merger? Then second question for either Steve or Brian, there's lots of discussion on net neutrality. I was just wondering if you can give us a sense of when you think the cable industry in general and Comcast in particular, might look to try to basically manage their bandwidth for more greater operating and financial efficiency, and when you might be looking to start charging certain content providers for higher speeds, if they so desire it. Thanks.
A - John Alchin: Kathy, in response to the working capital part of your question, as we point out in Table 4 and Footnote 4, $557 million of the $585 million negative impact, or negative working capital for the fourth quarter, relates to an AT&T Broadband income tax-related payment. So for the full year, we had about $994 million of AT&T-related payments. So the 557 was really, you know, something that is out of the ordinary, not expected to recur. So where we end up for the full year working capital net of the AT&T payments is about $271 million. That's netting the 994 out of the 1.265 billion that we had for the year. We're expecting that the AT&T-related needs, if you look at how that has continued to come down, net of this tax payment, we're down in the 250, 300 range for the year. That should be even lower in 2006. And then ongoing working capital needs are factored into our new free cash flow guidance, and we expect that they will be, if you go back to 2004, they were 300 positive, about 300 negative for 2005. Over time they tend to wash out.
Operator: Our next question comes from--
A - John Alchin: No, no, for Brian.
A - Brian Roberts: Let me answer the question on net neutrality, if I might. We continue to believe that proponents of the so-called net neutrality are pursuing a solution in search of a problem. Neither Comcast nor any other major cable operator has ever blocked access to my knowledge of customers to any websites, and the competitive market, in fact there are multiple ways to access broadband and the high speed internet, and the internet in general, continues to be the ultimate governor of conduct in this context. But we do also recognize and try to advocate for our right as a network manager, to manage the network, to make sure that the customer experience does not get degraded, due to outside influences like spam and other things. And finally, we have not had any discussions with content providers with respect to any charges directly from such providers, and that's an area that at this time, that's where we're at. So we don't believe that this is the right policy. I don't see it at the moment, having a lot of, it is a regulation of the internet, and we're certainly going to try to fight anything like that.
A - John Alchin: Next question, please, operator?
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Jayant from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead, sir.
Q - Vijay Jayant: Thank you. John, I just want to understand on the video ARPU, seems to be up about 6%. I was hoping it would be higher, given the 25% of your digital substake are high-end service, BPU revenues are up, as well as adding 1.1 digital subs in the last year. Is there any reason why that's not growing higher than typically your annual rate increase is? Thanks.
A - John Alchin: It's growing slightly higher than the annual rate increases, Vijay, but if you think about the numbers that we're adding on a base of 21.5 million, it just takes a lot more than that, to move the entire base. If you look at total video revenue for the year, we're moving off a base of $13 billion, so as you look year-over-year, we're gradually moving the dial, but it takes an awful lot to move the dial when the base is that big. Next question, please, operator?
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Kraft with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Q - Bryan Kraft: Thank you. You talked a little bit about the upsell in the Triple Play offer, Steve. I guess more specifically, what has the actual customer bill been running at, and what percentage of customers have actually been taking the $99 product? And then also, where have the voice costs per gross add costs been running, including marketing installation and CPE?
A - Steve Burke: Okay. We're very early on and I'm hesitant to give numbers, but there is a lift, and the lift is, you know, 10 to 20% over the offer price, in every instance where we have done this so far. And that's really critical to the whole strategy. What happens, is when you talk to a customer and sell them the $99 product, that is, that is cheaper than they can get the three products on an A-la-cart basis from our competitors, by and large, significantly cheaper. So the person on the phone feels like they have saved money. They have money in their pocket. So then when you sell digital plus HBO, plus Showtime, or other services, DVR, for example, consumers are very, very willing to go there. So what we're finding is that we're very consistently, significantly above the $99. In terms of the percentage of people taking the $99, in terms of new connects, we have heard that there have been times that other cable companies like Cablevision, get to 40 or 50% of new connects on the Triple Play. We're not that high yet. We're closer to 20% in the New England area, but I think over time we will get higher, as we become more known for the Triple Play. About 75% of our phone customers take all three products, and I think that's, that's a number that's likely to stay consistently high, and maybe even grow. So it dramatically changes the operation, and the conduct of the system, and also the perception in the market, and there are four or five metrics that are very important to measure, and we're watching those very carefully in New England, and refining all of our call center policies and technical policies, to make sure that they stay where they need to be.
A - John Alchin: Next question, please, operator?
Operator: Our last question comes from Wau Lee with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Q - Wau Lee: Hi, just actually two questions. On the DVRs and the HD-DVRs, we've been hearing that the CPU costs have been declining much faster than expectations. Can you pull out a little bit of color what you're seeing on the costs, and you've been trying to push more into the retail, as opposed to just buying directly from the true providers. Have you seen that impact your costs? And also on the wireless JV, when should we expect to see the product launched? Thank you.
A - Brian Roberts: Well, let me start big picture and maybe Steve can comment a little bit on specifically where we're at. But for those of you that did not go to the Consumer Electronics show, Comcast announced several initiatives with Panasonic and Samsung, at the Panasonic announcement, exactly to your point, a new entrant to the set-top box market, they believe they are going have boxes in a year or so available. They will be high-def, I think really sort of three-tuner boxes. That's more than we have now. They will have 2X the capacity for storage for the consumer, and it will have the ability to quote, go to the net or live television or VOD. It will be a much, it's an all digital box and it will come in at significantly lower prices than what we're paying today. And we had, the Chairman of Panasonic, Electronics present us with their plan, and we put a purchase order in, and at the same time we worked with them on an initiative, this is unrelated, to have television theaters and home theaters produced by Panasonic integrate with Comcast and potentially other cable companies, so that with one remote control, you can control your volume, and your theater, control your DVD player, control your DVR box, and can turn on your Panasonic TV, all with the Comcast experience popping right up, no other provisioning required. So the relationship with these consumer electronics companies, and the innovation that they can provide to our industry, and doing it on a combination of their balance sheet and our balance sheet, not solely our balance sheet, I think is the model that we want to pursue. We had a similar exciting announcement with Samsung. So you're talking about two of the three or four largest consumer electronics companies in the world, now have direct relationship with Comcast. By no means does that mean we aren't interested in a major ongoing and increasing our relationship with Motorola and Scientific Atlanta. But there's a lot of development going on, and I think this is all going to be good for us in both innovation, in consumer applications, and in reducing capital, so that this begins to be a more competitive marketplace. And that's a lot of the initiatives that we didn't talk about in this call, that we also did in '05, have laid the foundation to make this kind of thing possible with all digital. You couldn't do that if you didn't do digital simulcast. You couldn't do this if you hadn't gone in Motorola's joint venture, had an agreement with Motorola up front that this was where the future of digital was headed. Let's go there together. You couldn't have done if we hadn't had our own guide, so that experience pops right up, seamlessly and easily across all platforms. We're pretty excited about that whole space.
A - Steve Burke: And the answer on wireless is, we would hope that the second half of this year, we would have some kind of joint product and joint marketing.
A - John Alchin: Thank you, all.
A - Brian Roberts: Great.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. There will be a replay available of today's call starting at 11:30:00 a.m. Eastern standard time. It will run through Friday, February 3rd at midnight Central time. The dial-in number is 1-800-642-1687. And the conference ID number is 4216292. A recording of the conference call will also be available on the Company's website beginning at 12:30:00 p.m. today. This concludes today's teleconference. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2005 Q3  (2005-11-16 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2005 Earnings Conference Call.  At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.  Operator Instructions Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Executive Vice President and Co-CFO, Mr.  John Alchin.  Please go ahead, sir.
John Alchin: Thank you, operator, and welcome everybody to our third quarter conference call.  First of all, I'd like to refer everybody to slide 2 which contains our Safe Harbor disclaimer and remind you that this conference call may include forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties.  Additionally in this call we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures.  Please refer to our Investor Relations website for reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP. And now for opening remarks please let me pass to Brian Roberts, our Chairman and CEO.
Brian Roberts: Good morning.  We are pleased to report another strong quarter in the third quarter.  We had 9.8% revenue growth in cable and operating cash flow growth of 13.9%, approximately 14%, consistent with the first two quarters of the year.  We are once again having strong results across the board.  This quarter allowed us to invest more than $1 billion in our common stock.  We had no major other investment activity, and we were able to significantly increase our share buyback purchasing more than 25 million shares for $750 million.  In effect, we invested all of the free cash flow, $723 million that we generated in the third quarter, into buying back our stock.  In addition, we settled another $250 million of Comcast exchangeable debt. So since December 2003 when the Board first authorized post-AT&T our stock repurchase program, we have repurchased 2.7 billion, or 93 million shares, plus we have redeemed for cash 1.4 billion of debt, that was exchangeable into Comcast common stock, effectively removing another 47 million shares of float, bringing the total amount of recent repurchases to 4.1 billion.  With more than 1.2 billion of remaining authorization we expect to review all possible uses of capital with our Board early next year as we continue to balance reinvestment opportunities with return of capital to shareholders while maintaining a strong investment grade balance sheet. The acquisition of 70% of Susquehanna cable that we didn't previously own is another clear example of finding compelling investment opportunities in cable.  With identifiable tax benefits and synergies primarily in programming and overhead, we will effectively be gaining control of 225,000 subscribers for less than 6.4 times operating cash flow. On the business side, everything we are working on, whether in cable or content, is about improving and differentiating our products, extending our competitive advantage and increasing the value of our assets.  We are really focused on innovation and differentiation as I have said before.  And yesterday's transaction that was announced with Sprint, Time Warner-Cox, and Advance/Newhouse is another example of a transaction that helps to drive innovation, this time, of course, in the wireless space to deliver to all of our customers unprecedented opportunities of real-time high-speed mobility and access to content all in a single package. So let me quickly review the Sprint transaction, not to be repetitive but to point out certain key attributes.  We have for a long time said that wireless is a potentially important fourth product line that we would like to explore.  The agreement with Sprint is not just a wholesale or reseller arrangement.  The initial phase will allow us to offer wireless phones as part of our bundle, and that's nice, but in my opinion, the power of this news is the coming together of both -- the many, many U.S. cable companies in America, and hopefully room for others, so that we have the makings of a national platform, unlike the set-top box business where we have differing standards from the beginning of going into wireless, if we could have a national platform we think that that could drive innovation.  Coupled with partnering with a company with the technical capability of Sprint Nextel, six weeks after their merger, is a great statement of their focus on innovation with the cable industry and with Comcast for new products that will work on a wireless network.  And yesterday we demonstrated some of the initial ideas of the products that might be available starting in 2006, and they range from communications products to entertainment products. And so on the communications front you can imagine integrated voice mail between your CDV, your Comcast digital voice, and your wireless phone.  You can imagine bringing a smartphone home and having it use your Wi-Fi network in the house so you have great cellular coverage in your house but you don't actually go over the cellular network, giving great benefits to both the consumer and the cellular minutes that you wouldn't use and to the cellular company for reception, and at the same time, the beginning of application of entertainment products such as being able to look at programs from your digital video recorder, as we secure the digital rights, to programming your DVR potentially to actually having television right on a third screen.  And I think it's the ability to innovate to this platform that will be a 20-year arrangement, a long-term journey, but a complete focus for our innovation plans to have a bundle and to have a partner that knows wireless, doesn't force us to go into a new business line, and at the same time, they're looking for us to be the entertainment and in-home communications piece, and I think it's a wonderful, natural alliance. So we also pick up the retail marketing between both parties and Radio Shack said yesterday that they are supportive of this, and we believe all of Sprint's retail locations will be demonstrating in Comcast areas, Comcast high-speed Internet, Comcast cable, digital cable, high definition, and Comcast voice.  We will do the billing for our customers in the first year customer service, Sprint will own the wireless customers, and the cable company will own the cable and video and high-speed data and telephone part of the relationship.  Why is that important? Well, I think it's very clear up-front, as we've done many, many partnerships, to try to come up -- and I think we -- I'm very, very pleased with the innovation in this deal structure and our deal department did a super job -- in allowing for a structure that there's not a new co-created that will create tension with its two partners.  Instead, the new co here is really about driving the product roadmap, the innovation, and the marketing ideas, both one on one with each local cable company, and potentially national marketing as you develop national products.  So we believe this is going to offer great growth in the future and we can talk about it over the months and years to come. Let me now kick over to John and Steve to take you through in detail the quarter.  John?
John Alchin: Thanks a lot, Brian.  I would remind our listeners that we do have slides on our IR website, and would refer you to those if you're not already there. And I'm just about to speak to the consolidated results, which is slide number 5 of the presentation for the quarter.  Consolidated revenue for the quarter grew 9.4% to $5.6 billion, while consolidated operating cash flow grew 12.9% to $2.1 billion.  Cable had a great quarter with revenue up 9.8% to $5.3 billion, while cash flow increased 13.9%.  I'll review the drivers of cable results in just a moment. Looking at content, revenue increased 14.8% while content cash flow increased 19.3% to $74 million.  These results were driven by growth at E! Networks, Golf Channel, and OLN, with increases in distribution and advertising revenue across all networks.  Third quarter was the highest rated quarter ever for both OLN and style.  OLN's ratings were led by a strong Tour de France showing and also with the addition of Survivor. We're revising guidance for consolidated operating cash flow for the year for approximately 13% from previous guidance of 14 to 15%.  This revision is driven by increased investments in our content brands.  Our recently announced deal with the NHL along with certain other initiatives will result in approximately a 50% decline in the fourth quarter content operating cash flow.  But I would remind and emphasize to our listeners that 2005 cable operating cash flow is still expected to be approximately 14% for the year excluding whatever hurricane-related costs we incur in the fourth quarter, which it's still too early to estimate what they may be. In the third quarter we reported corporate and other revenue of $22 million, and operating cash flow loss of $91 million, compared to revenue of 47 million and cash flow of 60 million in the third quarter of last year.  The increased operating cash flow loss includes one-time charges related to termination of player contracts at Comcast-Spectacor. Consolidated operating income was up 28.6%, up from $686 million last year, driven by an increase in the cable operating cash flow of 258 million.  The Company reported consolidated net income of $222 million, or $0.10 cents a share, basically unchanged from the third quarter of last year.  Net income and EPS were negatively affected this quarter by an investment loss of $104 million, or $0.05 a share on a pretax basis.  The investment loss primarily reflects the change in value of the derivative component of our ZONE set as a result of the Sprint/Nextel merger.  Excluding the investment loss EPS would have been $0.13 a share. Moving on to the next slide, number 6, where we detail cable revenue, cable had as I said before a strong quarter with unit growth and near double-digit revenue growth of 9.8%.  We added a total of 710,000 RGUs in the quarter, and so far year to date we've added 1.8 million RGUs.  We're on track to achieve full-year 2005 guidance of adding about 2.5 million RGUs for the year.  Total video revenue increased $184 million, or 5.7%.  Growth was driven by higher monthly revenue per basic subscriber and a 12.4% increase in the number of digital customers.  We're having tremendous success in moving customers to our digital services.  We added 307,000 new digital customers in the quarter to end with 9.4 million digital subscribers, or 44% digital penetration up from 39% a year ago.  And our digital sell-in rate continues to increase.  It was 62% in the quarter, up from 60% in the second quarter and 59% a year ago. Digital customers are taking as many as 1.75 digital boxes per customer on average reflecting strong demand for both the hi-definition and DVR services that we're rolling out.  And that number is up from 1.63 a year ago.  In the quarter we deployed 326,000 advanced set-top boxes with hi-def and/or DVR capability.  This is the equivalent of 60% of the boxes that we deployed having those advanced capabilities, up from 40% a year ago.  We ended the quarter with 2.3 million advanced set-top boxes in service.  This is the equivalent of 22% of our digital customers having advanced set-top boxes up from 10% a year ago when we had a million fewer digital customers.  High-speed data business delivered more than $1 billion of revenue this quarter as we continued to add units while maintaining strong average revenue per subscriber. For the quarter, we're reporting average revenue per subscriber of $42.88, essentially unchanged from a year ago.  We ended the quarter with more than 8.1 million high-speed data customers adding 437 in the quarter.  Record adds of 549,000 in the third quarter last year were driven by the successful launch of our video e-mail and photo show features.  We've added many, many products and enhancements during the past year, including increasing the speed to 6 meg and 8 meg, adding free McAfee Internet Security Solutions, adding NHL on line, photo show deluxe, and lots more, but there was no special feature launch in the third quarter this year, but still we report strong additions of 437,000 for the quarter. High-speed data penetration is now 20% of available homes, up from 17% a year ago, and the sell-in rate continues to increase up to 43% from 38.5% a year ago.  Our Comcast digital voice rollout is progressing on plan.  We added 46,000 digital voice customers in the quarter, digital voice additions are offset by the roll-off of circuit switch phone customers as we transition to our CDV product that Steve will have a lot more to say about in his commentary. Advertising revenue for the quarter grew 4.5% to 333 million with 2.9% growth in local advertising and 11.8% growth in regional and national advertising.  Advertising revenue growth was impacted by a decline in political advertising when compared to the 2004 election year.  The increase in other revenue of 36% reflects the growth in our regional sports channels because of a launch of Chicago Sports Net, which occurred on October 1, of last year. Moving on to the next cash flow slide, as I mentioned, cash flow grew 13.9%.  Third quarter margins increased 140 basis points to just shy of 40%.  Increased year-over-year margins and operating cash flow result from higher top-line growth of 9.8% as well as continued reductions in the rate of growth of expenses offset by the impact of two hurricanes in the third quarter, which impacted cash flow to the extent of about $12 million, or 0.5 point of cash flow growth.  We expect that hurricane Wilma will have an impact on fourth quarter results, but it's too early to estimate what that impact will be at this time. Moving on to the next slide, where we highlight capital expenditures, slide 8, capital expenditures for the quarter were 899 million compared to 871 last year, reflecting the strong demand for our digital services and continued rapid deployment of high-speed data and DVRs.  In addition, the increase in CapEx also reflects higher cost of phone readiness and CDV deployment.  The composition of capital is now predominantly about 75% variable and revenue-driven.  While we're increasing CapEx guidance for the year to approximately 3.5 billion to reflect this increased advanced set-top box deployment and CDV readiness for our phone rollout, you can see on the slide that CapEx per revenue generating unit has declined 26% over the last three years from 115 to $85 per RGU.  CapEx per sub is also declining and is now at $164 per sub. Table 5 in the press release also reflects this trend as you look at year-over-year capital investment, the increase year to date in variable capital of $615 (Indiscernible) million more than offset the decline in upgrade capital of $518 million.  We really believe that we have a winning strategy and are committed to continued product differentiation and innovation.  Our industry leading VOD platform in conjunction with our advanced set-top boxes with hi-def and DVR functions and our recently introduced enhanced cable, all-digital service, offers our customers more choice, convenience, and value.  So to maximize this competitive advantage we're aggressively deploying digital boxes and rapidly rolling out Comcast digital voice.  This strategy will result in slightly higher capital expenditures than we'd previously anticipated, as we now project guidance of 3.5 billion.  And the specific factors contributing to that are greater deployment of the higher priced advanced set-top boxes, higher phone launch costs than originally budgeted, and more certified but not marketed CDV footprint. Moving on to free cash flow, we generated 723 million for the quarter of consolidated free cash flow, up 34% from the $540 million that we reported a year ago.  The increase is driven by increased operating cash flow and offset by higher capital expenditures and taxes.  Year to date free cash flow of 1.9 billion is nearly 30% above the 1.4 billion that we reported a year ago.  We now expect consolidated free cash flow growth of 30% for the year, reflecting both the increased, or the new consolidated operating cash flow guidance and higher cash flow, or higher CapEx. Moving on to the next slide, number 10, talking about our focused capital deployment, as Brian mentioned, we significantly accelerated the pace of our share buyback in the third quarter where we invested more than the free cash flow that we generated for the quarter and repurchased over 25 million shares.  So when you include the stock that we have bought back since inception, plus the debt instruments that are exchangeable into Comcast common shares, we have repurchased, or effectively removed from the number of shares outstanding, 140 million shares, for a total buyback for the program of $4.1 billion.  And we'll continue to balance share repurchases with investments in the business that are key to our growth while maintaining a strong investment grade rating. Moving on to the last slide that I want to review, the Susquehanna acquisition, on October 31, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire cable assets of Susquehanna communications for total consideration of approximately 2800 per sub, or 6.4 times 2006 operating cash flow.  This is effectively converting a passive investment into an operating cash flow generating asset.  We're adding 225,000 subscribers primarily in the central Pennsylvania area, and after we've done the Adelphia acquisition, 80% of these acquired subscribers will be adjacent to current Comcast systems.  These are great systems to be acquiring, fully upgraded with solid basic penetration of 63% with upside opportunity, with digital penetration in the acquired properties only 27% versus 44% in Comcast, with upside in average revenue per subscriber which is only 69% in Susquehanna, while it's almost $83 in Comcast.  So we have a real opportunity here to build on an already strong business by accelerating the deployment of our advanced services such as Comcast ON DEMAND and digital voice. So with that, let me pass to Steve for his commentary.
Steve Burke: Thanks, John.  It's been almost three years to the day since we closed the AT&T Broadband deal.  And it seems like a good time to take stock of where we are and where we're headed.  Financially, we've made a lot of progress with 40% margins and OCF per subscriber, per year, which we think is probably the best index of how we're doing on an operational basis, of $395 for 2005, which is almost double the $208 in OCF per sub we had in 2002 when the deal closed.  And even before we step on the gas with phone, the Company is growing RGUs at over 2.5 million units this year, or about 7% unit growth for the Company as a whole. Our video business is getting stronger.  Today only 8.9 million of our customers are analog-only cable customers, which is down from 9.7 million a year ago, and we think headed down even further in 2006 as we continue to roll out high-speed data, phone, and digital products.  These analog-only customers have the highest churn, so it's important to reduce this base over time, which is happening exactly according to plan.  During the quarter, the third quarter this year, we lost about 46,000 basic subscribers.  About half of these subscribers were life line customers who pay us about $15 a month.  This loss of subscribers doesn't concern us too much because during the quarter we added over 700,000 high-speed data and digital customers who, on average, pay us well over $40 per month.  So when you net those two out financially, it's a very, very good trade. We also continue to make our VOD product better during the quarter, and in October hit 1 billion streams for the year.  We said we'd do that by the end of the year and we actually did it half-way -- or nine or ten months into the year.  We've also recently added over 250 new free movies, so we think VOD will continue to increase in the future.  Our high-speed data business continues to grow nicely.  We think there are three key metrics that you should keep your eye on in this business.  Unit growth, average revenue per user, and share of new broadband customers.  Adjusted for our footprint, our net adds are comparable to the big bell's, so we think our share of net-adds is okay. In terms of units, we think whenever someone tells you what their high-speed units are, the next question you should have is what's your ARPU? And in that category we're doing very well.  Our ARPU is essentially flat versus last year despite a lot of discounting in the industry.  So when you're seeing unit growth of 24%, it's actually converting to revenue growth of 26%. With all of this as a foundation, we've now turned our focus this year to starting to accelerate our phone deployment.  I think we made significant progress on the digital phone front in the last quarter.  Today we're launched in 21 markets ahead of our goal of having 20 markets launched by year end.  Comcast digital voice is being marketed today to over 12 million homes, and we will be marketing to over 15 million homes by year end.  By year end, our plant will be certified to over 20 million homes, or roughly half our footprint. Now, what we try to do is be very clear about where we're actually marketing.  So when we say we're certified to 20 million homes, what that means is our footprint in 20 million homes is capable of launching phone and has capital deployed, and we're ready to go.  The difference between certified and marketable largely stems from apartment complexes where we do not have the permission to go in and market.  So by the end of the year we anticipate having 15 million homes that we can actually market to but the capital and the readiness will be there for about 20 million homes, which is about half of our plan. Our marketing approach has been to introduce phone on a node by node basis.  And so far the results have been very encouraging.  It's clear to us demand will not be an issue any time in the near future.  Some of our initial market are coming up on one year since launch, Indianapolis and Springfield, and we're approaching 5% penetration. We're currently experimenting with three product bundles, and we're seeing the same kind of results as Time Warner cable and Cablevision and getting more and more excited about what CDV can do as a growth engine but as importantly what CDV can do for our high-speed data and basic subscriber businesses.  We think we're in good shape, as we told you before, to hit 200,000 to 250,000 CDV unit net adds in 2005, and in addition, we think we're very well positioned to meet or exceed 1 million units of CDV net adds in 2006.  I think in summary there's been a lot of hard work over the last six months getting the company ready for phone, literally thousands of people have been trained.  We spent a lot of capital to where we are today, and we really look forward to starting to reap the benefits in the months ahead.  John?
John Alchin: Operator, if you could open the line for Q&A, please.
