===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF’s First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael Bender, Head of Investor Relations. Michael, you may begin.
Michael Bender: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening everyone. Welcome to IFF’s first quarter 2025 conference call. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the Company’s performance and business outlook. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K and press release, both of which can be found on our website. Today’s presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in the press release that we issued yesterday. With me on the call today is our CEO, Erik Fyrwald; and our CFO, Michael DeVeau. We will begin with prepared remarks and then take questions at the end. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Erik.
Erik Fyrwald: Thanks Mike, and hello everyone. I look forward to discussing our first quarter financial results which build on our strong performance in 2024 and demonstrate continued growth and progress toward our strategic goals. Now, despite the current uncertainty and challenges in the wider macroeconomic environment, IFF continues to deliver solid results as we focus on what we can control by delivering top notch innovation to our customers while continuing to reinvest in the long-term value creation opportunities for our business. I'll begin by walking through the quarter as well as the steps we are taking to manage through the current macro environment and further drive long-term profitable growth. I'll then turn the call over to Mike DeVeau, who will provide a more detailed look at our financial results and our current outlook for the rest of 2025. Then we'll open the call for questions. Now beginning with Slide 6, IFF had a solid start to the year with our refreshed strategy and renewed commitment to operational discipline driving solid results across our businesses. As we've heard previously, one element of our enhanced business led operating model was separating our former Nourish segment into two segments of Taste and Food Ingredients. Separating these businesses into focused units enables us to better track their progress, more quickly identify growth and margin opportunities and drive performance and accountability across our portfolio. With this in mind, we are pleased to have delivered strong broad based growth across four of our business segments in the first quarter including Taste, Pharma Solutions, Scent and Health & Biosciences. Volume declined in food ingredients primarily driven by weaker performance in protein solutions due to some pull forward of orders in the fourth quarter and limitations in our capacity that are now being addressed. Also, it's worth noting that part of the top line weakness in Food Ingredients was attributed to planned lower pectin sales as we purposefully walked away from low margin business to focus on higher margin businesses within Food Ingredients. Furthermore, with most segments delivering growth and our ongoing productivity initiatives, we achieved 9% growth in comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA as this broad based improvement was led by strong performances in Taste and Pharma Solutions and I'm excited to share that we also completed our previously announced divestiture of Pharma Solutions to Roquette two months ahead of our publicly announced schedule. This strategic action further strengthens our capital structure and enabled us to achieve our long-term target of net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA ratio of below 3 times. We are incredibly grateful to the Pharma Solutions team who kept the business running well during the divestiture and for their many contributions to IFF over the years and we wish them well. Now shifting gears for a moment to discuss the current market environment. While I'm encouraged by the momentum we have carried into 2025 and all that our global teams have done to strengthen our financial and operating foundation, broader macroeconomic dynamics remain challenging and as we all know, continue to evolve quickly. We've been through complex macro environments before and what we know from history is IFF is resilient in times like these as we focus on controlling what we can. Our customers and ultimately end consumers rely on the quality of our products and solutions, the expertise of our talented teams, and the trusted partnership for which we are known in our industry. Those values and characteristics are in high demand during times of uncertainty and we are staying focused on execution as we collaborate with our customers to be even more productive as we drive growth. And right now we're working very closely with our customers to mitigate impacts of tariff actions and we continue to stay nimble and disciplined in response to macroeconomic uncertainty, which we expect will continue throughout the year. With this in mind and given what we see currently, we are maintaining our full year guidance ranges at this time, which Mike will discuss in a bit more detail in the back half of the call. With that, I'll pass it over to Mike for a closer look at our results for the quarter. Mike?
Michael DeVeau: Thank you Erik and thanks everyone for joining us today. As Erik said, 2025 is off to a solid start with our global team continuing to execute on our strategy. In the first quarter, IFF generated roughly $2.8 billion in sales, representing 3% comparable currency neutral growth. This performance was led by volume growth across most of our businesses, including Taste, Pharma Solutions, Scent and Health & Biosciences. Adjusted operating EBITDA totaled $578 million for the quarter, a strong 9% increase on a comparable currency neutral basis, while our comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA margin increased more than 120 basis points to 20.3%. This is the fourth consecutive quarter of margin expansion on a comparable currency neutral basis, a testament to IFF's focus to improve margin and returns. Turning now to Slide 8, I will provide a closer look to our performance by segment. Given our recently completed divestiture, I will begin with Pharma Solutions which had another strong quarter of broad based growth. Pharma Solutions delivered $266 million in sales, an 8% year-over-year increase on a comparable currency neutral basis while also recording strong profitability growth with adjusted operating EBITDA of $54 million, a 19% increase versus last year. These results were driven by broad based growth across all categories and margin expansion was primarily driven by our distribution model change as well as productivity. As discussed last quarter, we have completed the transition to our end-to-end business led operating model and going forward will report segment performance for Taste and Food Ingredients separately. We published an 8-K yesterday which recast 2024 results. As I mentioned last quarter we also adjusted our corporate cost allocations to align with our new organizational structure and updated operating model. In Taste sales were $627 million, a 7% year-over-year increase on a comparable currency neutral basis driven by another excellent quarter for Flavors with broad based volume growth across all regions. The segment also recorded another very strong quarter of profitability with comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA growth of 22% primarily driven by volume growth, favorable net pricing and continued productivity gains. Food Ingredients had sales of $796 million, a 4% comparable currency neutral decrease from the prior year, primarily due to sales pressures in protein solutions that Erik spoke about earlier. However, we are pleased with the segment's currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA growth of 5% on a comparable basis as favorable net pricing and productivity helped drive performance. Our Health & Bioscience segment delivered another strong quarter of broad based growth with strong volume growth in health, food biosciences and grain processing, driving a 5% increase in comparable currency neutral sales. As we continue to reinvest in IFF's core high growth segments like H&B, we are pleased to report that volume and productivity gains more than offset our reinvestment with segment delivery adjusted operating EBITDA of $138 million, a 3% increase on a year-over-year comparable currency neutral basis. Lastly, Scent achieved another solid quarter including double-digit growth in fine fragrance and single digit growth in consumer fragrances. Net sales for the quarter totaled $614 million, up 4% year-over-year on a comparable currency neutral basis and we also achieved an adjusted operating EBITDA of $144 million, up 4% on a comparable currency neutral basis as volume growth and productivity gains continued to drive performance. Turning now to Slide 9 to discuss our cash flow and leverage position. Cash flow from operations totaled $127 million year-to-date and CapEx was $179 million, or roughly 6% of sales as we stepped up reinvestment as shared earlier this year. Q1 is typically our lowest free cash flow quarter of the year due to our annual bonus payout and seasonality. We also paid $102 million in dividends in the quarter and cash and cash equivalents totaled $650 million, including $37 million in assets held for sale. As of March 31, our gross debt was approximately $9.3 billion, a decrease of more than $1 billion compared to the year ago period. Our trailing 12-month credit adjusted EBITDA totaled roughly $2.2 billion in line with last quarter, while our net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA remained largely unchanged at 3.9 times. With our successful divestiture of Pharma Solutions, we recently announced the commencement of a debt tender offer as part of our broader strategy to strengthen IFF's balance sheet and optimize our capital structure. This allows us to deliver on our commitment and achieve our target net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA target of below 3 times. Now on Slide 10, I want to take a moment to address the evolving macroeconomic environment and the recent developments surrounding global tariffs. As you are aware, the U.S. Administration's new tariff measures, particularly those impacting China, have introduced a renewed layer of complexity to global supply chains and cost structures. Our IFF global footprint, with manufacturing and sourcing capabilities across many countries gives us the flexibilities to adapt quickly. In past cycles of trade disruptions, including prior rounds of tariffs, we've demonstrated our ability to pivot operationally while continuing to successfully serve our customers. As part of our mitigation strategy, we've taken actions to adjust our purchasing and redistribute our production in ways that minimize our exposure. By shifting procurement to alternative supply sources and balancing production across our global network, we've been able to offset a significant portion of inflationary pressure. In select cases where cost impacts were unavoidable, we are implementing targeted pricing surcharges to recover incremental cost. We do recognize that sweeping changes in global trade policy could contribute to broader macroeconomic volatility, including the potential to tip certain regions into a recession. This risk is not currently embedded in our guidance. However, we are fortunate that the majority of IFF's portfolio is grounded in resilient essential end markets, particularly food, beverage, household and personal care. We view this environment not only as a challenge, but also as an opportunity. Our ability is to serve our customers globally with localized innovation, positions us as a resilient partner, particularly for customers looking to de-risk their own supply chain. Also, amid the evolving environment, we want to reaffirm our commitment to IFF's long-term strategy. We remain focused on strengthening our business through consistent reinvestment in core growth drivers, R&D, commercial, digital and capacity. Even as we manage short-term external pressures, we will not compromise our future. Instead, we are accelerating our efforts to drive structural productivity and operational efficiency. This approach enables us to both navigate today's challenges and continue investing, ensuring we deliver on our profitability commitments while positioning IFF for long-term success. From a financial planning perspective, we are maintaining our guidance ranges for the full year 2025 inclusive of the current tariff situation. We expect sales to be in the range of $10.6 billion to $10.9 billion, representing currency neutral growth of between 1% to 4%. We are now expecting approximately 2% adverse impact on revenue from foreign exchange, down from 4% previously and approximately 7% adverse impact due to divestitures versus 5% previously given the earlier close of the pharma solutions divestiture. From a bottom line perspective, we continue to expect that we will deliver a 2025 adjusted operating EBITDA range of between $2 billion to $2.15 billion representing currency neutral growth between 5% and 10%. We are now expecting approximately 3% adverse impact to EBITDA from foreign exchange, down from 6% previously and approximately 8% adverse impact due to divestitures versus 6% previously, again due to the earlier close of Pharma Solutions. With that, I will now turn it back to Erik for closing remarks.
Erik Fyrwald: Thanks Mike. The solid results we were able to deliver in the first quarter continued to reflect the strength of our execution and our investments in our people and our portfolio. With this growth we have been able to maintain our strong momentum from 2024, complete key divestitures to strengthen our portfolio and meet our deleveraging targets. But we still have a lot of work ahead of us and we are always focused on strengthening IFF, so we can help our customers win in any market environment. Building a strong company means continuing to reinvest in catalysts for our growth, including research and development, commercial capabilities and integral capital expenses that will bolster our foundation and enable us to achieve sustainable, profitable long-term growth for our shareholders. And as we move forward, we'll continue to focus on bringing innovative, sustainable solutions to the market that meet customer needs and delivering value that makes us the clear partner of choice for customers around the world. I'm confident we are well on our way. Thank you. And I'll now open the floor for questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will now begin today's Q&A portion. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from the line of Nicola Tang with BNP Paribas. You may proceed.
Nicola Tang: Hi everyone. Thanks for taking the question. On the outlook you flagged that this doesn't include any potential recessionary pressures that could arise from the recent shift in trade policy. But you also mentioned that IFF's portfolio is grounded in resilient end markets. Can you talk us through which areas of the portfolio could potentially be at risk and which parts could be more resilient in a recessionary scenario? And do you see any signs of sequential slowdown or caution from your customers so far? Thanks.
Erik Fyrwald: Yes, thank you for the question, Nicola. This is Erik. I'll take it. First of all, our order book so far has stayed consistent with and in line with our guidance. But as you know, and I think all of us feel that, and across industries that there's concern about all the uncertainty. And just for an example, a major HPC company executive recently expressed caution saying that U.S. consumers are, for example, reducing the number of times they do laundry each week. Now, having said that, historically about 80% of our portfolio goes into what we consider essential products and about 20% into discretionary and so the bulk of our portfolio is very resilient. But some examples of the discretionary areas would be fine fragrances, where by the way, we've seen continued strong order pattern, consumer fragrances in the beauty and hair care areas and in the health and the probiotics area. But so far the order pattern has been solid. But we do have concerns as we head toward the back half of the year with all the uncertainty. But we hope that some of that uncertainty resolves itself and things continue as they are today.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. You may proceed.
Josh Spector: Yes hi, good morning. I was wondering if you could expand upon your comments around tariffs. Curious if you'd be able to disclose what you think the gross impact today is on your costs and how much of that you think you can mitigate through some of the actions you talked about and if it is possible to help frame that in terms of 2025 impacts and potential run rate assumptions? Thank you.
Michael DeVeau: Yes, thanks, Josh. Erik, I'll take this one. You know, fortunately at IFF we have a diverse and global operations with local procurement and manufacturing capabilities that has allowed us to migrate and mitigate some of the efforts that you see from a tariff perspective. Overall, most of our tariff exposure is related to China, specifically importing from China to the U.S. and exporting from the U.S. to China. That is the far bulk of it. When we look at it on a gross basis, we have a little more than about $100 million of exposure for 2025 and maybe a little bit around double that for a run rate basis. So it is quite large. The reality is though, the team has done a fantastic job in terms of the supply chain optimization, reducing the exposure quite significantly. For the areas where we cannot cover from a supply chain standpoint. We are working and continue to work with our customers on price insure charges to fully compensate and we're targeting a full mitigation over time.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho. You may proceed.
John Roberts: Thank you. I haven't looked at last night's 8-K yet, but what were the year ago comps for flavors and food ingredients? I'm trying to get at whether the two-year stacks on growth for flavors and food ingredients are significantly different than the one-year numbers you just reported in the quarter.
Michael DeVeau: Yes, thanks John. I'll take this one as well. You know, in summary, Taste is performing very, very well. It's actually on a two-year basis, it's a bit better than what we recorded in the first quarter of 2021. And so just to dimensionalize, it grew 11% last year in Q1 of 2024, 7% this year. So on a two-year basis, 9%. This is very strong across the board no matter how you look at it. So I feel really good about the success and the performance the team is driving there. In terms of Food Ingredients, last year they declined 4%, this year they're declining 4%. So on a two-year basis it's down 4%. The only caveat that I will make is that remember a lot of the performance was driven by price reductions. So this is not a volume number, this is an all-in number. And if you remember last year we strategically lowered prices to make sure we're competitive in terms of overall market conditions. If you normalize for that and you look at a volume basis, it actually in the two years actually stronger in Q1 overall in 2025.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. You may proceed.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, thank you and good morning. Erik, I'm curious about this €130 million joint venture that you formed with Kemira called Alpha Bio. Can you just elaborate on strategic rationale there, long-term opportunity, structure of the venture and timing of that cash investment, please?
Erik Fyrwald: Great, great question and thank you Kevin. First of all, this Alpha Bio JV with Kemira is a 50/50 JV and it's around scaling our design enzymatic biomaterials, the DEB technology which is breakthrough technology and it's ready to go. For example, we have just recently commercialized with a very strategic partner applications in fabric care that are high value and we'll see nice growth there. But now with Kemira we've committed to building a plant we've already started in Finland, €130 million plant and that CapEx will be spread out over the next two years, 50/50 divided between the two companies and we expect it to start up by the end of 2027. And it will be servicing for Kemira the water treatment market which is a very attractive market and cardboard and paper packaging. For us we will take the technology into other industrial applications which we're developing now and are very excited about. I think the important thing here is that we're taking sugar, feedstock and making high value, biodegradable, cost competitive polymers that will sell into various end markets and have tremendous growth opportunity for the future. And this plant, startup world scale plant, modern plant, I think will be the first beginning of a long series of great applications that we can really grow this business.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. You may proceed.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hi, good morning. I just want to go back to the comments on Taste. The 7% core sales growth in 1Q. If you could give us a bit more color as to which specific end market verticals may have contributed towards that. On Slide 7 you mentioned volume gains and then also did you see any impact in that segment or any other for that matter, from a pre-buy specific to head of tariffs, et cetera.
Erik Fyrwald: Great. Yes, I'll take this one. Ghansham. Thank you for the question. The Taste team overall is doing a great job of growing their business. Much of this is driven by the increased pipeline where they proactively have targeted a lot of incremental growth potentials and opportunities going forward. What's actually more impressive is actually when you look at the win rate, they're winning much more than their fair share. And so between the combination of a strong win rate and an increased pipeline, I think that's what's driving the majority of the growth in there. To your point, the way I would look at it is I look at it on a region perspective and all the regions have broad based growth, so they're executing at the local level. And from a category perspective, it is broad based growth across most of the categories within the business overall. So it is really, it's a really good culmination of what I would say is a success story for IFF at this point in time. With respect to pre-buy, there could be a modest benefit, but it's hard to tell at this point in time because the trend that we see is consistent in April. And so it's very hard when you think about the pre-buy overall. We'll know more as we progress through the balance of the quarter.
Michael DeVeau: And I would just add quickly that in Taste, Scent and Health and Biosciences, the increased investment in R&D is strengthening our R&D pipeline, which is very important for the years of 2027 and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Patrick Cunningham, Citigroup. You may proceed.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi, good morning. Just on Food Ingredients, what drove volumes lower in protein solutions and how should we think about the outlook there and overall food ingredient volumes for the year and sort of progress towards that 15% margin target.
Erik Fyrwald: First of all, thanks for the question, Patrick. The Food Ingredients turnaround is going very well. Andy Muller, who now runs the business. He knows the business extremely well, was with Danisco before, has come back to IFF if you will and is getting the team and us on the right track. If you recall, in 2023 our EBITDA margin for this business was in the high single digits. In 2024, it was 12% and in 2025 first quarter we got it to 13.9%. So that's all headed in the right direction. And we see that continuing, in the first quarter the volumes were down a bit overall for the year. We see them flattish to slightly down as we focus on selling the higher margin products and decrease our sales in the lower margin products and lower margin applications. Now protein volumes were down due to weaker volume in some of the lower value areas of protein. And in some of the higher value areas of protein we had production issues that are now being resolved. So we're confident in the higher value protein growth going forward and the overall performance of our Food Ingredients business continuing to improve as we planned out and are developing and executing our strategy very well.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer. You may proceed.
Kristen Owen: Hi, good morning. Thank you for the question. Mike, this one is for you. Just with the pharma sale now complete, you jump started the delevering process. That was largely as expected. But as we look forward from here and given some of this broader macro uncertainty, what's your philosophy on further delevering in terms of balancing that redeployment of capital to grow EBITDA versus using cash to reduce the debt? Thank you.
Michael DeVeau: Thanks, Kristen. Yes, in terms of the balance sheet or our capital structure, I would say our focus right now is completing our debt tender which will result in us getting to the leverage of below three times net debt-to-EBITDA. Not only does this meet our commitment, it also allows us more financial flexibility going forward. And so as I discussed in some of the prepared remarks, our number one priority right now is reinvestment in CapEx to support our core businesses. We have really great core businesses with a lot of growth and margin projections going forward. So what can we do now? The best to support that and that's the investment in CapEx. From there, we're going to look at some bolt-on opportunities in terms of acquisitions, small in nature, but really to reinforce these core businesses in the areas of innovation and commercial capabilities. And then what I'd say is we're going to evaluate capital return to shareholders through our dividend and also look at a potential share buyback program now that we get below three times net debt-to-EBITDA. So more to come on this aspect, but just wanted to frame some initial conversations or thoughts as we go forward.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Michael Sison with Wells Fargo. You may proceed.
Michael Sison: Hey, good morning. Nice start to the year. A quick follow-up on Food Ingredients. EBITDA margins first quarter were very good. And you guys talked about net pricing and productivity was noted for the year of increase. How much did each contribute to that? And then it does seem like you're pretty close to your goal of mid-teens. Is there more upside to that longer term?
Erik Fyrwald: Yes. Thanks, Mike. The gains so far have been largely productivity combined with focusing on the higher margin products and applications. And that's going very well and we see that continuing. Now we are committed to delivering the higher improvements for this year on EBITDA margin. And what I would say is through 2026, we're committed to getting above 15%.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Salvator Tiano with BofA. You may proceed.
Salvator Tiano: Yes, good morning. So there's been a lot of discussion about artificial dyes. So can you discuss a little bit what's your color exposure? And also given that we may see a structural shift to natural dyes here, is this an area where you would like to expand organically or even through acquisitions?
Erik Fyrwald: Yes. Now, first of all, colors are a small part of our taste portfolio, our Taste business portfolio, less than $50 million. And we're all naturals. So banning artificial dyes is a positive for us. I don't see us making major acquisition moves in this area. I think there are other areas that are more, more attractive to us, but we will continue to grow this business, especially with this dynamic. I think the broader advantage to us of this trend is the push for cleaner labels. And we see that as a big opportunity across our food portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Erik, given the 3% currency neutral growth in Q1, what would need to happen for IFF to be at the low end of your full year range of 1% to 4% on sales growth here? Also, where are you seeing the greatest stress on the consumer right now? Thank you.
Erik Fyrwald: Thanks David. I think that to go to the low end of our currency neutral sales, we would have to see a significant economic slowdown which some people are talking about their concerns about. But we are also hearing that actions are being taken to mitigate the uncertainty. And so we're hoping for that. All I'll say is that so far our order pattern has given us full confidence that we'll be solidly in that range and we hope that continues. And we're working really hard to do what we can control around bringing more innovation to our customers, around figuring out where in the world are applications, products, customers that we can go and grow with. And our team is very energized and they're out there pushing hard for growth. Any growth that's attractive, profitably that we can get, we're trying to take so that in any economic scenario we achieve our guidance.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. You may proceed.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks so much. I just wanted to follow-up on the commentary on the order book. Nothing having changed so far because you pointed out, Erik, you've got the comment on fewer laundry loads from one of the CPG CEOs. But even more broadly than that, we're hearing through earnings season from your customer base, pretty cautious commentary both on recent trading conditions. So seeing significant inventory destocking across the U.S. during the first quarter in some categories, particularly beauty related that extending into the second quarter, actual consumer takeaway turning negative in some categories. So, I'm just a little bit concerned frankly that you haven't seen that slowdown yet on your side because I feel like it's inevitable. So I guess why not incorporate that into the outlook or is it just that areas outside the U.S. are that much more resilient so there's really nothing to worry about at two total company consolidated level. Thanks.
Erik Fyrwald: Thanks for the question, Lauren. And I wouldn't say there's nothing to worry about. We worry plenty and we've got a lot of energy to go out and do all we can to drive growth and drive productivity. So we're on top of this. We're energized by the challenges. What I would say is as Mike alluded to, there might have been some pre buying around tariffs that could be in some of our numbers and some of our orders. But I would also say that we've got a very diverse customer base, we've got a very diverse geographic base and we're going to work, we are working hard to take advantage of that to make sure that wherever we can grow, we will grow. But as we've mentioned before, we are concerned about what could happen economically, particularly in the United States, but also in other markets. China, as you know, is very slow. So we are concerned and we're doing all we can do to drive what we can control. But as we look at what we think are reasonable scenarios, we're continuing to hold our guidance.
Lauren Lieberman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of [indiscernible] with JPMorgan. You may proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks very much. Is the Food Ingredients business more strategic than it used to be in that, my impression is that this might be an asset that could be separated from IFF. How do you feel about that? Or how do you feel about the timing? And then for Mike, can you talk about your cash flow expectations for the year and your CapEx levels?
Erik Fyrwald: Thanks, Jeff. I'll take the first part of that to begin with, and I'll just say, that we just separated our farmers business last week and we were heavily focused on that and getting that done and also getting the cash in and getting our balance sheet strong. So now we are clearly looking at our Food Ingredients business. We think we have great leadership in that business. We think we have a great team. We're on track with our transformation. We're going to continue to do that. We want to get the growth higher and make sure that we're doing the right things to get profitable growth higher as we increase the EBITDA margin overall. And I would say, we're on track with the plan to do that. As we do that. Yes, we'll look at strategic options for pieces or all of our Food Ingredients business, which we talked about before. But right now we're focused on keeping that transformation going, getting it healthier and healthier and making sure that we collaborate across the company to get the most benefit we can out of serving customers with our full line of products. And we like how the progress is being made. And we'll have more to say, I think, in the towards the later part of this year and into next year.
Michael DeVeau: And maybe just Jeff, on CapEx and cash flow, broadly similar to how we guided earlier this year. CapEx about 6% of sales. And we talked about some of those levels of reinvestments in H&B overall. So that's the biggest driver that's driving that up year-over-year in terms of free cash flow. Again, very, very consistent. It's probably around $500 million, which is what we talked about in February, and that includes around $350 million of taxes related to the former pharma divestiture. So on a kind of a normalized basis, you're probably in that $800 million [ph] to $850 million range, which is pretty consistent to where it was in previous years.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Lawrence Alexander with Jefferies. You may proceed.
Lawrence Alexander: Good morning, Erik, I was wondering if you could speak specifically to how you think about the inventory cycle and the bullwhip effect and how that might affect IFF? Because in the past I think the supply chain lags have always been kind of a bit of a challenge to adjust for. So what do you see as kind of coming down the pike as kind of inevitable that the company is already preparing for? And then you've mentioned overall demand issues, but I'm just curious more specifically about the inventory cycle.
Erik Fyrwald: Yes, thank you, Lawrence. I'll pass that over to Mike, given his longer history with IFF and the cycles that we've seen. So Mike?
Michael DeVeau: Yes, yes, it's a great, it's a great strategic question. I think some of the commentary here around our cautiousness is just around some of the delay that you can see with customers that as they see end market weakness, they then work back into the supply chain, ultimately coming back to our industry. I think what's different around this time, and I've lived through a couple challenging times at IFF over my 17-year career here. And what's a little bit different is that we just recently came through a pretty significant destocking error both in terms of magnitude and length. And so when I think about inventories and you can look at some big global customers as a percentage of sales over a relative history period, there's not big builds overall. Now, it's hard to tell ultimately what the inventory levels are in the channel at our customer basis. But given that we just came out of a pretty significant destock, we actually don't believe that they're elevated to a point that we could see a meaningful downtick going forward. All that being said, a lot of that cautiousness that we're talking about today is, as we think about the future, specifically second half of this year, we want to make sure that we're prepared in any situation and that's why things like productivity become so important to make sure we maintain and protect our profitability overall.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Lisa De Neve with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Lisa De Neve: Hi, thank you for taking my question. Can you please provide us with an update on 2025 input inflation levels, and where precisely you are potentially seeing any incremental raw material inflation? Can you detail which ingredients that are and as well what a lower oil price environment may mean for you? And then I have a very short follow-up from a previous question. Can you share with us, I mean, you've announced this tender offer for certain notes, what sort of net interest savings do you expect from that if that is completed? Thank you.
Erik Fyrwald: Sure, Lisa. So maybe I'll start broadly consistent from an input cost guidance from where we started the year. Now there's a little bit of puts and takes. I think you've seen a little bit more favorability on the food ingredient side, meaning, input costs less than we would have expected. And on the scent side, we actually seen a bit of an uptick. So broadly we're about even overall from a guidance perspective. The drivers of that really are some of the key feedstock ingredients that go into scent overall. To your point that as Brent Crude prices, prices come down, there could be a tailwind. But remember, we have six months of inventory. There's a lot of volatility. So as we think about it, it's more later half of this year and then into 2026. So we're really focusing on making sure we're driving our business and driving margin consecutively over time. So I think that addresses your first question. Your second question was on the debt tender in terms of overall interest rate. The best way I can address that is, I think broadly speaking, our interest expense line item for the full year in terms of guidance would be around $225 million. So that is a step down, because we've been running at a more elevated rate. Obviously with the debt tender overall, it will become more favorable here. So you'll see that as we progress through the balance of the year, a bit of a step down overall in interest expense.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chris Parkinson with Wolfe Research. You may proceed.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Thank you so much for taking my question. When you take a step back just over the last few quarters, could you talk a little bit more about the growth spend you've been seeing in scent and H&B progress you've made as well as your own assessment of your competitive position versus your primary European peers? Thank you so much.
Erik Fyrwald: The growth spend that we talked about last year has continued into this year. It's focused on R&D and commercial areas. It's making good progress. As we alluded to before, our commercial pipelines are strengthening that we'll see that we'll deliver into next year. And our R&D pipelines are strengthening, which will deliver more into 2027 and 2028. But we're very pleased with the level of talent that we've been able to attract. And by the way, some of you heard that we were losing talent a few years ago. We regained some of the best talent that we lost, and we're getting really great talent. And we're very pleased with not only the talent that we're bringing in, but the projects that they're working on and the strengthening of the commercial and the R&D pipeline. So it's going well, it's on track. We're not backing down from the amounts that we talked about before, despite the challenges that we're facing. What we are doing is, we're putting more energy into the productivity side so that we can make sure that in any scenario that we can pay for this innovation and commercial capability. But we are absolutely committed to having long term, strong, profitable, growing company.
Operator: Thank you. There are probably no questions at this at this time. I would like to pass the call back over to Erik for any closing remarks.
Erik Fyrwald: Yes. Thank you for your interest in IFF. I just want to say, that I'm very proud of and pleased with our team. We've tried very hard in the last year, plus to be very clear on what our program is getting back to basics? What our core businesses are and how we're investing in those businesses for long term, profitable growth? We've tried to be clear on the steps that we're taking, and I think that we're delivering on the things that we said that we're going to do and we plan to continue to make that happen and unleash the full potential of IFF. So thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you all. That will now conclude today's call. We appreciate your participation. We hope all of you have a wonderful day and at this time, you may now disconnect your line.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-19 09:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question and answer portion of the call. To ask a question, in order to give all participants an opportunity to ask their questions, we request a limit of one question per person. I would like now to introduce Michael Bender, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin, Michael.
Michael Bender: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.'s fourth quarter and full year 2024 conference call. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance and business outlook. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our cautionary statement risk factors contained in our 10-K and press release, both of which can be found on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, excluding those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in the press release that we issued yesterday. With me on the call today is our CEO, Erik Fyrwald, and our CFO, Michael DeVeau. We will begin with prepared remarks and take questions at the end. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Erik.
Erik Fyrwald: Thanks, Mike, and hello, everyone. I'm excited to walk through our full year 2024 financial results and reflect on the progress we've made over the past year. I'll then turn the call over to Mike DeVeau, who will provide a more detailed look at our fourth quarter and our financial outlook for 2025. Then I'll come back to discuss our go-forward priorities in 2025, to maintain our momentum and continue to drive long-term profitable growth. We'll then open the call for questions. Starting with slide six, I'd like to recap the significant improvement and progress achieved by International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. over the past year, supported by consistent execution across the businesses. One year ago, when I joined International Flavors & Fragrances Inc., I found an exciting company that was not delivering on its full potential. With a new perspective on our priorities and a renewed focus on execution by our executive leadership team, we got back to basics in 2024. The renewed commitment to operational discipline by our global teams led to improved financial results, including strong growth in both revenue and profit. The transition to our end-to-end business-led operating model, splitting Nourish into focused taste and food ingredients business units, and our new operating system have better connected us to customer end markets and increased our line of sight into customer dynamics. These initiatives have driven greater accountability across the organization, while enabling our global teams to be faster, more efficient, and more responsive to the evolving needs of our customers. As part of our updated strategy, we have increased emphasis on biotechnology as an important differentiator and capability across our core business segments. This focus ensures that we are investing in the necessary resources to leverage this competitive advantage and serve our customers more effectively. Now alongside this effort, we also implemented a program to increase investments across research and development, commercial capabilities, and CapEx focused on our high-growth, high-margin, health and biosciences, taste, and scent businesses to enhance our infrastructure and drive innovation at scale. We are also continuing to strengthen our talent with several key hires and internal promotions that solidify the next generation of International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. leadership. I'm also pleased to share that our employee engagement levels improved significantly compared to 2023, demonstrating the success of our return to focus on bringing leading innovation to customers. Lastly, we announced the next phase in the evolution of our board of directors, appointing three new board members with the backgrounds, expertise, and proven track records to support management to fulfill our long-term strategic vision and unlock greater value for our stakeholders. We are excited to welcome Cynthia Jamieson, Dr. Mehul Khan, and Vincent Intrieri to our board. We also announced that Kevin O'Byrne will become our new board chair. He will succeed our current chair, Roger Ferguson, who decided not to stand for reelection at the 2025 annual shareholder meeting after fourteen years of distinguished service. I thank Roger for all his support and guidance and look forward to working with Kevin in his new role. Taken together, all these efforts focus on our people, customers, innovation, and operational excellence form the foundation of our long-term profitable growth. On slide seven, we'll take a closer look at our financial results in 2024. In 2024, International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. delivered $11.5 billion in sales, representing 6% comparable currency-neutral growth. Our profitability also improved as International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. delivered over $2.2 billion in adjusted operating EBITDA, representing 16% comparable growth. Broad-based volume improvement across our portfolio, strong execution by our commercial teams, and the absence of destocking drove growth across all our businesses. At the beginning of 2024, we also adjusted our dividend policy to better support our deleveraging efforts and give us greater financial flexibility to invest in key growth areas across International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. On the portfolio optimization front, we continue to progress toward completing the sale of Pharma Solutions, which we expect will occur in the first half of 2025. From a leverage standpoint, our net debt to credit-adjusted EBITDA ended 2024 at 3.8 times, improving from 4.5 times at the end of 2023. We continue to be committed to further deleveraging. The completed sale of Pharma Solutions will help achieve that goal. I'm very proud of our results and the growth we achieved in the past year in what has continued to be a dynamic market and geopolitical environment. Our businesses achieved solid financial performance, and we've made very good progress delivering on our strategic and operational initiatives. While I'm pleased with the significant progress we've made over the last year, we still have a lot more work to do. In 2025, we plan to continue to strategically reinvest in R&D, commercial capacity, and technology as we aim to strengthen International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. and build a long-term sustainable platform that will deliver strong value creation for all our stakeholders. We are also focused on simplifying our business process and IT systems to improve efficiency and effectiveness. I want to also take a moment to thank our International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. employees across the globe, whose passion and relentless focus have been the reason for the value we've created and the innovation we've achieved. And as I mentioned on the previous slide, developing and promoting strong internal talent is a priority. Mike DeVeau is the kind of leader we elevate, and I would like to congratulate him on his appointment as International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.'s Chief Financial Officer. Mike has been an integral part of International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.'s global finance leadership over the last fifteen years. He brings a deep understanding of the needs of our global finance operations and the value International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. delivers for the world's consumer product companies. I know Mike will continue to be an even more incredible asset to our team in this key role. I'll now pass it over to him to share a closer look at our fourth quarter results. Mike?
Michael DeVeau: Thank you for the kind words, Erik, and hello, everyone. After more than fifteen years at International Flavors & Fragrances Inc., it is an honor to join my first call as CFO, and I look forward to working closely with all of you in my new role. Moving to slide eight, as Erik noted, our strong performance and execution through 2024 continued in the fourth quarter and drove solid results. International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. generated revenue of $2.7 billion in the fourth quarter, an increase of 6% on a comparable currency-neutral basis, driven by broad-based growth across all our businesses and led by mid-single-digit volume improvement. We continue to realize the benefits from our ongoing productivity initiatives, leading to the third consecutive quarter of margin expansion on a comparable basis. Adjusted operating EBITDA totaled $471 million in the quarter, a 5% increase on a comparable basis, and their comparable adjusted operating EBITDA margin expanded by roughly thirty basis points. This performance was led by volume growth and our ongoing productivity initiatives that were partly offset by increased incentive compensation expense and business reinvestment. On slide nine, I'll provide a closer look at our performance by segment. In Nourish, sales were $1.4 billion, a 4% increase year over year on a comparable currency-neutral basis. Comparable adjusted operating EBITDA also increased by 4%. This was led by the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in Flavors, a testament to that team's continued outperformance. In functional ingredients, mid-single-digit volume growth was mostly offset by our pricing actions. This was consistent with our previously announced price strategy for 2024. Double-digit gains in home and personal care and grain processing alongside growth across nearly all our businesses resulted in another solid quarter for our Health and Biosciences segment. Sales came in at $553 million, a 6% year-over-year increase on a comparable currency-neutral basis. Comparable adjusted operating EBITDA decreased by 3%, largely due to strong year-ago comparables, as well as business reinvestments that Erik mentioned earlier. In Scent, broad-based growth was led by a double-digit increase in fragrance ingredients and high single-digit growth in fine fragrance. Net sales in the quarter totaled $579 million, up 7% year over year on a comparable currency-neutral basis, and we delivered adjusted operating EBITDA of $97 million, up 1% on a comparable basis as volume growth and productivity gains were partially offset by higher reinvestment. Finally, Pharma Solutions delivered another strong quarter, achieving sales of $228 million, a 12% year-over-year increase on a comparable basis, while also recording excellent profitability growth of 81% to $47 million. Strong margin expansion was driven by volume and productivity gains and a favorable year-ago comparable. Turning to slide ten, cash flow from operations totaled $1.1 billion for the full year, and CapEx totaled $463 million, or approximately 4% of sales. Our free cash flow position for the full year totaled $606 million, which is consistent with where we expected it to be at the beginning of the year. Year to date, we also distributed $514 million in dividends to our shareholders. Our cash and cash equivalents finished at $471 million at the end of the fourth quarter, including $2 million in assets held for sale. Our gross debt at the year-end was approximately $9 billion, a decrease of more than $1 billion compared to the year-ago period following the completion of our divestiture of the cosmetic ingredients business. Our trailing twelve-month credit-adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.2 billion, in line with last quarter, and our net debt to credit-adjusted EBITDA improved to 3.8 times. We remain committed to achieving our net debt credit-adjusted EBITDA target of below 3 times following the completion of our Pharma Solutions divestiture, which we expect to be complete in the first half of 2025. On slide eleven, I'd like to share our outlook for 2025. While the current operating environment remains dynamic, we are cautiously optimistic about the year ahead as we look to build on our recent momentum. Coming off the strong year we had in 2024, we believe our 2025 plan strikes the right balance as we're targeting strong year-over-year improvements on a currency-neutral basis and investing for the future growth of our business. Please note that our full-year guidance includes six months of Pharma Solutions, with the divestiture assumed to close June 30, 2025. For comparability purposes, we expect that divestitures will have approximately a five percentage point adverse impact on sales growth and approximately a six percentage point adverse impact on adjusted EBITDA growth in 2025. In the event that we can close the Pharma transaction earlier, we will adjust our guidance accordingly and reflect the lower contribution of the business. For the full year 2025, we expect sales to be in the range of $10.6 billion to $10.9 billion, representing comparable currency-neutral growth of 1% to 4%. We believe that this will be driven by continued volume growth against a strong year-ago comparable, with increases across all our divisions led by HNB, Taste, and Scent. It should be noted that we expect the 2025 operating environment to be more normalized relative to 2024, which did benefit from the absence of destocking. Pricing is expected to be modestly favorable, including FX-related pricing, as raw material costs remain elevated and in some cases increasing year over year. On the bottom line, we expect to deliver full-year 2025 adjusted operating EBITDA between $2 billion to $2.15 billion. On a comparable currency-neutral basis, this translates to 5% to 10% EBITDA growth, which will be driven by gross margin expansion as a result of volume leverage and COGS productivity. Following a year of strong margin expansion and double-digit profitability growth in 2024, we will continue to reinvest in long-term value creation opportunities while balancing our near-term profitability objectives. What this means is that we will continue to drive strong productivity to mitigate general inflationary pressures and at the same time, reinvest a large portion of our incentive compensation reset in R&D innovation and commercial capabilities across our businesses, similar to the actions we've taken in the second half of 2024. We believe that by doing so, not only will we drive short-term performance, but we will further enhance our and generate strong returns on these organic investments. Based on foreign exchange rates, we expect foreign exchange will have approximately a 4% full-year adverse impact on sales growth and a 6% full-year adverse impact on adjusted operating EBITDA growth. This is primarily driven by the strength of the euro, where the current rate is down relative to the 1.09 average in 2024. In addition, there are several other emerging market currencies, such as the Brazilian real and the Argentine peso, where we issued a modest devaluation versus the USD over the course of 2025. As previously communicated, we plan to increase our CapEx investments, targeting approximately 6% of sales in 2025. Approximately half of this investment is maintenance CapEx, while the rest is split evenly between deferred investment catch-up, specifically in food ingredients, growth investments such as capacity expansion in HNB, an India creative center in Scent, and a creative center in Mexico in both taste and scent, as well as digital transformation, specifically related to our SAP HANA upgrade. We believe these investments will yield strong returns, providing us with incremental growth and efficiency opportunities. As a reminder, we have resegmented the business into five divisions: Taste, Food Ingredients, Scent, HNB, and Pharma, and have adjusted our corporate allocations starting in 2025. Prior to the first quarter of 2025 earnings release, we plan to provide historical information for comparable purposes so that when we report first-quarter earnings, you will have the appropriate baseline. Our recent success gives us confidence in our outlook as we continue to execute our strategic and financial priorities. With that, I'd like to turn the call back to Erik.
Erik Fyrwald: Thanks, Mike. Our outlook for the year reflects our confidence in our businesses and our ability to navigate macro uncertainties while continuing to deliver for our customers. I want to turn to the priorities that will guide our strategy for 2025 and help us reach the goals we've outlined for the year. In 2025, our focus will continue to be on creating and returns on capital. We will continue to improve our businesses while also ensuring we have competitive cost best-in-class support functions. As we've discussed, this will require some investment. At the same time, we will continue to drive growth and returns by increasing our investment in R&D, value-enhancing capital projects, and commercial actions to deliver profitable market share growth over time. We will also keep exploring ways for our teams to better innovate, providing greater visibility and transparency into our sales pipeline and formalizing our sales targets and expectations across teams. We will continue to deliver cost savings through productivity initiatives and improvements in execution and processes throughout our businesses as we strengthen our continuous improvement culture. In addition to completing our planned divestiture of Pharma Solutions in the first half of the year, we will continue our ongoing portfolio assessment, including exploring appropriate opportunities to bolster our portfolio through value-creating bolt-on acquisitions. But I can assure you, we will not do anything like another Frutarom. Importantly, we remain committed to consistently delivering solid financial results and meeting the goals we've outlined for 2025. Lastly, our people are the core of our success, and we will continue to invest time in developing talent and strengthening employee engagement to drive greater innovation and productivity. This, in turn, will enable us to better serve our customers, enhancing customer satisfaction, which will help us capture new growth and market share over time. I am confident that these priorities, with the collective efforts of our world-class global teams, will make it happen. Now to close this out on slide thirteen, our solid performance in 2024 speaks to the success of our reinvigorated strategy and our focus on operational execution. All of us at International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. are excited to build on this foundation to further strengthen the business and reinforce our market position in 2025. We are well on our way to unlocking our full potential and continuing to deliver innovative and sustainable solutions for our customers and communities all around the world. Thank you. And I'll now open up the call to your questions.
Operator: Thank you all. At this time, we will now begin the question and answer portion. If you are using a speakerphone, we ask that you do pick up your headset before asking a question. The first question is from the line of Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer. You may proceed.
Kristen Owen: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. Wanted to ask if you can elaborate on the sources, wins versus underlying demand of your volume growth expected in 2025. Just for context, we're hearing from CAGNY many of the CPGs are saying that volume is getting harder to come by. So we're just trying to understand what's sustaining that volume growth expectation and any specific areas of relative strength that you would call out?
Erik Fyrwald: Sure. Thanks, Kristen. This is Erik. I'll take this question. So first of all, we're saying that for 2025, our volumes will be 1% to 4% growth. Which if you recall in 2026, we had 26% growth, which about half of it was destocking. So the normalized growth rate is in the range of 3%. We believe that our volume increases will be mainly in health and biosciences, scent, and taste. And we see now that we have strong commercial pipelines in each of those businesses and a high win rate. And that means that we're winning more than our fair share in many cases. And that's really important and that's the drive. Food ingredients will be much lower volume increases, but we still see some volume increase there. I think it's really important to step back and see what we're doing over the next three years, what our focus is. And what I'll start by saying, I think we made really good progress in 2024 getting back to basics, getting the fundamentals in place, but over the next three years, we must keep driving to get to growth rates while we narrow the margin gap versus our best-in-class competition in each business. And we're gonna do that by continuing to invest in R&D, commercial capabilities, and capacity, particularly in health and biosciences, scent, and taste businesses. Those are three great businesses with high margins, and we want to keep making sure that we're fully investing to be fully competitive with best-in-class competition. In our food functional or, excuse me, food ingredients business, we are investing selectively in areas like technical service and upgrading some of our facilities that badly needed. But at the same time, we're driving an aggressive productivity program across our food ingredients business. And then even across the entire company, we're driving strong productivity programs across each business unit and across the corporate functions to make sure that we're fully cost-competitive but also fully effective. And then as we do all that, we're also leveraging our uniquely strong biotech capabilities into our scent and flavors businesses and continuing to drive the other health and biosciences application areas. So we have a great plan for the next three years. We're gonna keep investing. We're gonna keep delivering year by year. We're gonna keep investing so that in three years, we are very strong versus our best-in-class competition.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. You may proceed.
Josh Spector: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. I wanted to ask two things if I could. First, just on the EBITDA bridge for 2025. I mean, understanding the pharma divestment and FX are negative, I guess, we thought that volume and the incentive comp resets could get you to about neutral. So there's obviously something else, investments or price cost or otherwise, which is adding a negative variance to that bridge that we're not accounting for. So how do you build that bridge? And then secondly, just around seasonality and your expectations for 1Q versus the rest of the year EBITDA specifically? Thanks.
Michael DeVeau: Great. Thanks, Josh. I'll take this one. You know, in terms of the EBITDA bridge to the midpoint of 2025 guidance, it's really around just two things. It's around volume growth and productivity. So if you assume the midpoint of our guidance range, sales will grow 2.5% on a comparable base of $11 billion with an incremental margin of about 35%. That's yielding you around four to five points of EBITDA growth. The second piece of it that we're really trying to target and drive productivity within the organization. And so you're getting another about 2% net productivity benefit from the inflationary piece. In terms of net pricing to input cost, they're expected to be neutrality. So flat when you net them together. And in terms of the incentive compensation reset, we have about $100 million of a reset and we're fully or essentially offsetting that reinvestment in the business. And so there's about a $30 million carryover for 2024. A $70 million incremental investment in 2025. So we net the two together. And that's the zero. In terms of the EBITDA cadence, again, if you take the midpoint, the first half of the year will be stronger and that's with dollar basis because we're assuming that the pharma transaction will be completed at the end of Q2. Also, just remember that Q2 is usually our seasonably strongest quarter. So on an absolute dollar basis, EBITDA will be the highest in Q2 of 2025.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nicola Tang with BNP Paribas. You may proceed.
Nicola Tang: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to dig a little bit more into your comments around volume or I guess the currency-neutral 1% to 4% expectation for the year. Would you be able to talk a little bit more about what you expect across the core divisions? Thanks.
Erik Fyrwald: Yeah. Thank you, Nicola. So first of all, it's gonna be primarily volume-driven with modest pricing, with some gives and takes in pricing across businesses and across geographies. But primarily, the volume of the growth will be driven by health and biosciences, scent, and taste. Food ingredients volume will be much more moderate, with a focus on increasing margins in that business.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Emily Fusco with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed.
Emily Fusco: Hi. This is Emily Fusco on for David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. I wanted to ask what are your expectations for input inflation this year? And how should we expect net pricing to develop through the year? Thank you.
Michael DeVeau: Thanks again for the question, Emily. Maybe just to start by saying that import costs from an International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. standpoint remain at historically high levels. In some parts of our business, we are seeing continued modest inflation, specifically in taste and scent, and this is really driven by natural ingredients. Well, including ingredients, there is a bit of deflation that the team is working with customers on, and on an HNB perspective, it's generally flat. And so net-net on a consolidated basis, we expect our input cost baskets to be flat to up slightly. In all instances, we will continue to work and collaborate with our customers to make sure we have the opportunities to mitigate. This includes reformulations, but also price discussions as well. In terms of pricing contribution over the course of 2025, we expect pricing to be relatively consistent across each of the four quarters as we go forward.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citigroup. You may proceed.
Eric Zang: Hi. Good morning. This is Eric Zang on for Patrick. You mentioned last quarter about getting functional ingredients to 15% plus margins in the coming years. Are you on track for this margin expansion given the pricing actions? And what are the costs and productivity initiatives, savings underpinning this growth? Thank you.
Erik Fyrwald: Thanks, Eric. We are on track towards this target. And we made very good progress. If you recall, in 2023, we talked about high single-digit EBITDA margins in food ingredients. In 2024, we achieved solid low double-digit EBITDA margins, and I would say under the new leadership of Andy Mueller with a strong team, we are confident in our plans to get to the mid-teens in the next few years. And we're doing that with a combination of better serving customers, so growing our business with attractive margins and driving aggressive productivity plans. Both are making progress. Andy has a strong background in this business and is helping the team to further strengthen those plans and the execution of those plans. So we are on track.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lisa De Neve with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Lisa De Neve: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. I have a question for cash flow. Can you please give some details and granularity on how you expect free cash flow to play out for this year, especially concerning the net working capital movements and CapEx spend that's required? And also more in the light of the limited leveraging we've seen in the second half of this year, which clearly will improve post-Pharma, but just the underlying would be helpful. And a small second question I'm just gonna slide in. I mean, you've now been with the company as a CEO for over a year. I mean, is there any intention to set new midterm targets given you keep referring your presentation towards the next three years for driving improvements? So are you willing to set any financial targets against that? Thank you.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you, Lisa. Maybe, Erik, I'll start on the first.
Erik Fyrwald: Yeah. Perfect. I'll start on free cash flow, and then I'll pass it back to you.
Michael DeVeau: In terms of the full year for 2025, we expect free cash flow to be about $500 million. Note this does include a significant impact of taxes related to the pharma divestiture, so that's about $350 million is our estimate at this point in time. If you adjust for that, our free cash flow will be about $850 million, which is kind of consistent with the last couple of years. But more importantly, an improvement versus where we finished 2020. In terms of networking capital, we are targeting a slight inflow versus an outflow in 2024. And this is really driven by the work that we're doing around payables and selective strategic inventory reductions. As we stated on the call, we expect CapEx to be about 6% of sales, and this is really around increasing the investments to catch up on some deferred spend Erik mentioned it moments ago, specifically in food ingredients. Also to make some growth investments, and so capacity expansion, new technologies in HNB, commercial-facing operations for taste and scent, and then lastly, really start to drive the migration of our digital transformation. And so those are the biggest drivers from a CapEx piece of it. And so maybe I'll turn it over to you for the second part of the question.
Erik Fyrwald: Yeah. So in terms of long-term targets, we'll come back later in the year with more clarity on that. Let me just say that I feel like we are a very strengthened company now versus a year ago. We've got absolute clarity on our organization model, our end-to-end business model. We've separated Nourish into taste and food ingredients, two very different businesses with different strategies. We've got a strong team, a clear flat five-year plan, a clear investment plan, with both growth investment and driving productivity. So I am confident that we have the right direction. Now we need to execute very well. And I think we did that in 2024. Now we need to do it in 2025. And you'll hear more later in the year about our longer-term aspirations.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America. You may proceed.
Steve Byrne: Yes. Thank you. I'm curious. How would you characterize the potential impact on your businesses or perhaps some regulatory approvals from RFK now running HHS and the staff cuts at FDA? Any near-term impacts from that? And then, Erik, you mentioned new investments in biotech and R&D. I assume that that could include the use of gene editing for natural product expression levels, etcetera. Do you think RFK could block this?
Erik Fyrwald: So first of all, thank you, Steve. We don't see any of our products as targets. In fact, what we do see is that many of our customers may reformulate products to have cleaner labels, which, by the way, plays into our strengths. And we've been making very good progress with customers that are working on cleaner labels, which has been a great growth opportunity for us already. And we see that as a continued opportunity going forward. In terms of biotech R&D, I think there's lots of opportunities in many areas, and you'll be hearing more about that at CAGNY. We're gonna talk specifically about our biotech platform, and we see that as having opportunities in scent, taste, but also in the current areas that we're playing in and other areas with our DEB design enzymatic biomaterials, which plays right into the heart of what the world wants. Consumers want, our customers want, the world wants, in biodegradable materials that are sustainable and sustainably grown, sustainably produced. So I see this as a bit of uncertainty about what will happen when, but in the general direction, I see it as significantly more opportunity than risk.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho. You may proceed.
John Roberts: Thanks. And first, congrats, Michael. Back to raw materials, how much of International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.'s raw material spend is potentially exposed to tariffs here? And should we only be thinking of imported materials into the US, or do you worry about something reciprocal so that it's more than just the US issue?
Michael DeVeau: Hey. Thanks, John. Appreciate that very much. You know, in terms of the tariff situation, it's ever-evolving. It changes on a constant basis. When we assess the various situations or potential situations, we do not expect to have a material impact from any tariff change. As you know, John, we have an expansive and global supply chain, which provides us with a lot of flexibility to adapt. So should things change, we're working with our customers to make sure we mitigate that to the fullest. You know, we lived through this a couple of years ago in this administration's first term. And so similar to that approach, we've taken now. That we're gonna work with our customers on mitigation strategies and including price surcharges as appropriate. But that will become a secondary methodology to it. The focus is really seeing what we can do on the supply chain to mitigate a lot of our exposure. Again, immaterial nature, more to come as things develop, and we'll keep you updated there.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. You may proceed.
Mike Sison: Hey. Good morning. Nice end of the year, and congrats to you, Mike. You know, Erik, with the year-on-year about, I understand you might wanna wait a little bit, but, you know, where do you think International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.'s EBITDA should get over time? You know, it's expected to be a pretty big number when you bought NNB. You know? But with divestitures, you know, maybe framework, where it could be. And then and just maybe stepping back a little bit, with NNB, you know, do you think this is a good business for International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. longer term? You know, what are the risks because, you know, certainly, it had a little bit it certainly had a tough time on the get-go. But what are the risks to the business? And maybe just talk about where what parts of the business now fit really well with or have good synergies with the legacy International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. Thank you.
Erik Fyrwald: Sure. Thanks, Mike, for the question. I mean, I see with our current portfolio over time us getting to the low 20s EBITDA with food ingredients being the most challenged and health and biosciences being the highest and scent and taste being very solid. And as I look at it, you know, I came to the company a year ago. There was a lot of complexity, a lot of performance challenges. A lot of companies have been brought together, so there was a lot to clean up and a lot to get the executive team together and clarify for the organization. I think we've made very good progress. I think we've got a very solid HNB Health and Biosciences team and business. Very strong scent and taste teams and businesses with very good, very strong, very competitive capabilities. And so we just need to continue to strengthen those and move them along in the next three years. And I think they'll compete very favorably within that period with the leading benchmarks. Food ingredients is still a turnaround situation. Low single-digit EBITDA margins in 2023, low double-digit EBITDA margins in 2024, Andy Mueller and his team are absolutely focused on continuing that turnaround and getting those margins up significantly this year as another point of progress. And I'm confident in that team to make that happen. So I think that, you know, our focus right now is delivering 2025, but doing it in a way that we make smart investments that have good returns and get us increasingly competitive and deliver what we say we're gonna deliver. And I think we're on a good track to make that happen.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. You may proceed.
Matthew Hettwer: Hi. This is Matt Hettwer on for Kevin McCarthy. Can you help us to understand why the FX headwind to EBITDA is two percent higher than the impact on sales? How do your margins on international business compare to US domestic margins?
Michael DeVeau: Hey, Matt. I'll take this one. Thank you for the question. You know, in terms of the incremental impact on EBITDA relative to sales, it's entirely driven by our purchases. Our sales are based in local currency, while a larger portion of our input costs are denominated in euro and US dollar. And so, essentially, that's what's driving the kind of multiplier effect between the sales piece of it and EBITDA contribution. Your second question was around margin structure globally, internationally versus domestic operations. It's actually pretty agnostic and pretty constant. The real differential comes when you compare the category exposures. And so just let me give you an example. In Europe, you have the strongest margin profile just given the exposure to fine fragrance, while in India, you have a lower margin profile just because the portfolio is geared towards savory. As an example. So, really, when you look at it on a kind of a like-for-like basis, adjusting for the portfolio, you're pretty agnostic from the margin aspect of it. It really comes down to the category percentages within each one of them.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mark Astrachan from Stifel. You may proceed.
Mark Astrachan: Yeah. Thanks. Morning, everybody. Two questions for me. One, just could you talk about the growth rates between local, regional, and private label customers compared to multinationals and maybe just give a rough split of the businesses? It seems the former group seems to be growing faster and taking share away from the latter. And then Erik, you had talked about prioritizing best-in-class margins compared to sales growth. You're obviously accelerating investment, I guess, with flexibility in early 2025 in terms of the wraparound reinvestment. Maybe talk a bit about how you manage the two and if you wanna sit there and try to think about prioritizing one versus the other, you know, how quickly can you get to the margins versus how quickly can you get to run rate sales growth that grows at least in line consistently with peers? Thank you.
Michael DeVeau: Mike, you wanna start and then I'll take the second half?
Michael DeVeau: Sure. So thanks, Mark, for the question. You know, when you look at the portfolio, the way I would categorize it is you basically have one-third global customers, one-third kind of midsized, and one-third small global customers, including some of the private label aspects. And so when you look at the dynamics across their global perspective, the growth is a little bit more muted than you see at some of the kind of regional, local, including private label customers. So for us, a big part of the focus on the give you an example on the taste strategy is really to prioritize private label and smaller customers as we go forward. And so that dynamic, that growth that you referenced, Mark, is true. The good thing is that there's still a lot of growth opportunities with the big global customers. That's much more geared towards new innovation. What we can do to help them have winning products or consumer-preferred products in the market.
Erik Fyrwald: So on the second application, we wanna keep continuing to work towards best-in-class margins and growth rates. So what I would say is track us on how we're doing to have growth rates in line with the best in class and gross margins that are improving and EBITDA margins that may improve a little bit slower because of our investments, our aggressive investments in research, particularly, but also in commercial investments, in health and biosciences, taste, and scent. Let me just give you an example. In 2024, we had nice margin improvements, but we could have delivered even more EBITDA and higher EBITDA margins if we wouldn't have made additional investments beyond what we had planned, particularly in research and commercial capabilities. So what we're gonna do is continue to make progress but probably not as fast a progress on EBITDA as we could if we weren't making these additional investments. But the investments that we're making, we are absolutely sure that in the next three years, will have a very attractive payout and will strengthen us against our best-in-class competitors. And we're absolutely committed to becoming leaders in innovation across these businesses, health and biosciences, taste, and scent, while we continue to turn around the food ingredients business.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kate Grafton with Barclays. You may proceed.
Kate Grafton: Thanks. Just a couple of questions on the scent business. I was wondering why fragrance ingredients growth was so strong this quarter, up double-digit. And how we should be thinking about growth for 2025 as there's some pricing pressure on the business. And then on fine fragrances, you were wondering what your expectation is for growth next year. And if you're expecting any growth in fine to normalize. Thank you.
Michael DeVeau: Mike, you wanna start? Eric, I'm happy to start.
Michael DeVeau: Yeah. I'll start on this one and then pass it over to you for more comments. Look, the team has done a fantastic job in the fragrance ingredients business. They really looked at their portfolio. When you look at that portfolio, there's really high value in ingredients, and I would say more general kind of industry-led experience. And so what they did, they bifurcated that, and they targeted the market to go after some of the high-value ingredients. And so what we've seen over the course of this year, in 2024, my apologies, in 2024, performance has been strong. As you noted, Katie. And for the quarter, we actually finished kind of in that mid-teens range. So very, very, very good. And that's really about being proactive and making sure they have adequate capacity to ship product. For that. And then had some good success there in 2024. In 2025, I think you'll see the growth start to subside a bit. Obviously, that is a business that's gonna be driven by the end market consumption. And so, you know, as you go forward from here, I think the team has some good volume growth, but they will have some reductions in overall price. Because of some of the deflationary environment that we see in the fragrance ingredients market overall. But they're working through that. I think their long-term strategy is very, very strong. And I think it still could be a growth driver as we go forward. It's just managing the next couple of quarters in terms of home loan growth. So that's fragrance ingredients. The fine fragrance side, the business is performing very, very well. And so it's I think it finished the quarter at high single-digit growth rates. On a two-year basis, it's kind of in the mid-single-digit basis. Kind of factoring the year-ago comparable, and so very, very strong. Based on the access to business and new win potential that they have, they expect growth to continue into 2025. And be one of the areas that will lead the scent in terms of overall growth. And that's really around the strategy they have in the emerging markets, like the Middle East and Africa. And winning some of the core big businesses and brands that are in Europe and North America. I think there's anything I would add? Anything else you?
Erik Fyrwald: I don't think the only thing I would add is that I think overall, the dynamics for the scent business are favorable and for the scent industry. Both the consumer goods companies are putting more emphasis on scent as a driver of superiority for their products, whether it's shampoo, body wash, laundry detergent, etcetera, all their products that is a critical element of superiority and a low part of the cost. Product cost. I think that's gonna continue, and consumers love to have great scents in their products. I think on the fine fragrance, the digital media and the desire to have better experiences through the day, not just an evening event for a woman when she's going out, but people of all ages, both sexes increasingly wanting fine fragrances to enhance their day, whether it's an energizing scent that makes you feel more energy, whether it's a relaxing scent, whether it's a romantic scent, these emotional drivers that are being expounded upon are being talked about by people like Charlotte Tilbury on digital media are helping to expand the market for scent fine fragrances all around the world. So I see the general direction of growth for the scent industry continuing to be very positive. And we're taking advantage of that.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. You may proceed.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hi. Good morning. I have another peeling back the onion question. In, you know, in Nourish, you have your legacy, you know, flavor or what you call taste prisoners, and maybe that's like $2.5 billion in size. And then there's the function ingredients business, which is that's, like, $3.3 billion in size. If you have a function ingredients business, which is the smaller one, grows slowly, maybe grows 1%. Like, your taste business really has to grow something like 5% to get to the, you know, to get to the midpoint of the organic growth, which is 2.5%. Is that the way to think about it? You have, like, you know, just much higher growth in taste maybe, like, close in the single digits and very slow growth in function fragrances. And I have a similar question for the health and biosciences business, which I think maybe splits the two enzymes and maybe 45% into probiotics. Is it a similar dynamic where you think your enzyme business is gonna grow more, like, mid-single digits and probiotics, you know, at a very low end?
Michael DeVeau: Mike, why don't you start and I'll add if any.
Michael DeVeau: Sure. So first, maybe let me just start with the flavors or taste business. Ghansham, it is you're absolutely right. The way I think about $6 billion to $2.5 billion is gonna be the taste side, $3.5 billion food ingredient side. The flavors or taste side of the business has been running very, very strong. And so their performance over the course of the year, if you see it's basically, you know, had four quarters of very strong double-digit growth. As you go into 2025, I think, you know, the taste business growth will more normalize. Relative to, let's say, historical averages just because the comp is strong. So that is gonna be a big piece of the equation in terms of growth for the total company. Food ingredients will be a little bit more muted. As some of the volume gains are gonna be offset by a little bit of price reductions that are associated with the deflation. And so to your point, you have to grow this disproportionately faster on the taste side. The one x factor caveat is that in the rest of the business, we expect growth. And so that's making it up, and it's actually taking us into, I'd say, a better trajectory in 2025 overall and offsetting some of the food ingredient softness that we have year over year in terms of total top-line growth. In HNB, with respect to enzymes versus probiotics into subcategory levels, I think broadly speaking, all the businesses are targeting kind of modest growth year over year. The health business, the one area on the probiotic side that has been a little bit of a pain point to be very frank, over the last couple of years, is expecting to recover a bit as we go into 2025 as well. So that will help us both from a top-line perspective, it's also accretive from a margin aspect as well. So back to you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. You may proceed.
Dan Rizzo: Hi. This is Dan Rizzo from Laurence. Thanks for fitting me in. Just to kind of revisit tariffs from the tariff issue, but just from a little bit of a different perspective, I was just wondering what your customers are saying their near-term impacts might be on order patterns and how you should think about where margins in ROI should be in three to five years?
Erik Fyrwald: Can you repeat that second part of the question? I'm not sure I heard the second part. Well, it's actually the second one is just how do you think where margins in ROIC should be in three to five years?
Michael DeVeau: Yeah. Perfect. Erik, do you want to from a customer standpoint, because I know you engage in optimization.
Erik Fyrwald: What I would say is, you know, if you listen to the customer's calls, they're very conservative about volume growth. I think it's not it's separate from tariff issues, but tariff issues make people concerned about the economy. With the uncertainty today, I think that uncertainty will hopefully get cleared up in the not too distant future, and we'll get back to a more normalized growth. But I think what our customers, what we're hearing from our customers, which is really important, is that they expect volumes to be soft, and therefore, they want to grow with innovation. And that's increasing the opportunity for us to work with them to deliver that innovation that excites consumers that drives their products. And by the way, drives value in their products as well. I think that's very positive. But anything to add to that specifically on tariffs, Mike?
Michael DeVeau: No. I think that's good. Covered well. I think the second point just on the margin ROIC kind of. You shouldn't advise that for the next three years. I think Erik addressed it before. Simple answer is higher. On both. Think for us, we're making a concentrated effort really on return on invested capital as we go into 2025. And so we're making a big investment in terms of both carryover and reinvestment incrementally. I think this year, but the reality is as we go forward, we are being very diligent on how we're thinking about return on every dollar we put in the business. And so the team, this is both OpEx and a CapEx base Shachter, we don't have a formal target yet, and we'll come back later in the year Erik alluded to it. But over time, we would expect improvements in terms of, again, the margin piece of it, but also return on invested capital.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Artem Chubarov with Redburn. You may proceed.
Artem Chubarov: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I've got a follow-up on the Health and Biosciences initiative. Would you remind us of the current breakdown by business just like that's just the big be helpful. And then looking ahead, do you see the future or some of those past utilization or could they potentially be considered for a review? Thank you.
Erik Fyrwald: I'll start and then, Mike, please add anything. First of all, our health and biosciences business is on very solid ground today. It's been growing nicely in 2024. We grew, I would say, consistent with the leading benchmark, and had strong solid growth across businesses. The slowest growth but still growing, was the health business. As Mike alluded to, we expect that to start to increase again as we put more innovation into that business. Part of the business. But overall, the dynamics are solid. In all the different areas, all the different application areas. We have this new area and designed enzymatic biomaterials that we're excited about. We started to get our first commercializations there. That's gonna add to the growth. And we've got a lot of emphasis now on how do we turbocharge our scent and our taste business with our biotech capabilities. We've got resources focused on that that'll take some time to get through, but it's on a solid start, and I'm very, very optimistic about health and biosciences in the near term, but even more so in the three to five-year time frame.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will now take the last question from Christopher Parkinson from Wolfe Research. You may proceed.
Harris Fine: Great. Thanks. This is Harris Fine on for Chris. Thanks for taking my question. So there have been a lot of active asset sales divestitures within Food and Nutrition over the past year. I guess, when you look at what's happened, what does that price discovery mean to you in terms of maybe whether you could prune a little bit more from your portfolio? And you also mentioned potential for small bolt-ons. I guess, what are the implications for your M&A? Thank you.
Erik Fyrwald: Yeah. So first of all, on our food ingredients business, Andy Mueller's here. He knows the business in-depth. He spent many years with Inisko, actually, before that with International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. He knows the industry very well. He's working with his team to turn around the total business, and there are some pieces of it that may, like, likely not fit long term, so we're working on that. Working through that. But we're looking at bolt-on acquisitions, as I refer to, that specifically in health and biosciences, more related to technologies to further enhancing our technology breadth. And taste, which is more to enhance our geographic footprint. But we will only do bolt-ons that make absolute sense to have good returns and that really fill strategic voids. But I think what the most important is to understand that we're focused on really driving the businesses that we have today. And getting the pharmaceuticals solution sale finished and continuing to execute really well this year. And I'll just finish. I'll my closing remark is that I believe I joined the company excited about International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. And even more excited today. I believe we are much stronger than we were a year ago. And I believe we will be much stronger a year from now. Thanks to our twenty-two thousand colleagues around the world that are now, I believe, much more focused on serving customers with leading innovation while we also drive productivity. And I would suggest if you know International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. employees, talk to International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. employees, talk to our customers, ask them about it. We've got positive momentum, and we're gonna continue to build on that positive momentum. And we're gonna deliver what we say we're gonna deliver in 2025, but we're gonna do it in a way that further strengthens us for 2026 and beyond. And in the three-year period, I think you'll find us very competitive with the leading competitive benchmarks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, this will now conclude today's International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. Q4 and FY 2024 earnings conference call. We appreciate your participation. We hope you all have a wonderful day, and you may now disconnect your line.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF’s third quarter 2024 conference call. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the Company’s performance and business outlook. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K and press release. Today’s presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in the press release. With me on the call today is our CEO, Erik Fyrwald; and our Executive Vice President, CFO and Business Transformation Officer, Glenn Richter. We will begin with prepared remarks and then take questions that you have at the end. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Erik.
Erik Fyrwald: Well, thank you, Mike, and hello, everyone. I’m glad to be here with you all today to discuss our solid third quarter results. On today’s call, I’ll begin by providing an overview of our performance and the solid results across each of IFF’s businesses, which gives us confidence to increase our full-year 2024 guidance. I will also provide commentary on our efforts to continue to strengthen IFF for now and the future. I will then turn the call over to Glenn, who will provide a more detailed outlook at our third quarter financial results and discuss our outlook for the remainder of 2024, and we will then open up the call for questions. If you go to Slide 6, IFF delivered another quarter of solid results and significant bottom line improvement compared to a year ago. IFF achieved growth across all our business units with notable volume improvement across the entire portfolio. The combination of improved market conditions and our global team’s passion and drive to serve our customers and address evolving needs across end markets was a major contributor to our performance. The actions we have taken this year to strengthen our business and capital structure as well as our push to drive productivity in today’s dynamic marketplace are producing encouraging results. Importantly, we delivered high-single-digit volume growth with broad-based contributions across each of our businesses. Equally encouraging, comparable adjusted operating EBITDA grew by double-digits in the third quarter, primarily driven by volume performance and productivity gains. Considering our solid performance in the third quarter, specifically flowing through our over delivery in the quarter as well as our continued cautiously optimistic outlook for the fourth quarter, we are modifying our full-year 2024 financial guidance. We are making solid progress against our targets and are confident we will achieve net sales between $11.3 billion $11.4 billion which is almost $100 million higher than our previous guidance range. For EBITDA, we are tightening the range and are now targeting the high-end of our previously communicated range of $2.1 billion to $2.17 billion. Lastly, I am pleased to share that we remain on track to complete the previously announced divestiture of our Pharma Solutions business in the first half of 2025, marking another significant milestone in our portfolio optimization and deleveraging journey. Now moving to Slide 7. I want to highlight a few key achievements so far this year. While we continue to operate in a challenging end-market environment, our performance over the last nine months has bolstered our position as a preferred innovation partner and growth enabler for our customers. Over the last nine months, currency neutral sales grew 7%, primarily driven by double-digit growth in Scent and high-single-digit growth in Health & Biosciences. Comparable adjusted operating EBITDA has increased 19% year-to-date, fueled by our strong recovery in sales volume growth versus prior year lows and our productivity initiatives. Since announcing our new business-led operating model, operating philosophy and strategy refresh earlier this year, our focus on getting back to the basics is translating into stronger financial performance with greater end-to-end responsibility and accountability. With a reinvigorated mindset and a simplified structure, IFF is better positioned to navigate today’s complex and fast moving operating environment. Now these steps also include sharpening our focus on key end markets and increasing our investments in high growth areas for the benefit of our teams and our customers. In the third quarter, we also opened a creative center in Shanghai and have started to invest in additional creative centers in Mexico City and India. Together, these innovation hubs in important markets expand our global footprint and ensure we have the regional expertise required to serve customers on a more intimate level and address their unique needs. With our people at the heart of IFF’s revised strategy, I’m equally excited to announce that our employee engagement has improved significantly over the last 10 months. As I’ve said before, empowering and enabling our global team to do what they do best is essential to our shared success as a global organization. And earlier this month, much of our global team had the opportunity to come together and celebrate IFF’s 135 year legacy and 60th anniversary of being listed on the New York Stock Exchange, a true honor and reminder of the incredible legacy of this great Company. I have no doubt that, that legacy of IFF will continue for the next 135 years. But for now, I’ll pass it on to Glenn, for a closer look at our quarterly results. Glenn?
Glenn Richter: Thank you, Erik, and thank you all for joining us today. As Erik noted, IFF had another very solid quarter achieving revenue just north of $2.9 billion, an increase of 9% on a comparable currency neutral basis. We delivered broad-based growth across Nourish, Health & Biosciences, Scent and Pharma Solutions, with notable volume improvements across all four business units. Our ongoing productivity initiatives also contribute to a 16% increase in comparable adjusted operating EBITDA in the quarter. Building upon our margin strength from the prior two quarters, we also realized another successful quarter of margin expansion with our comparable adjusted operating EBITDA margin of 19.4%, improving by 180 basis points versus Q3 of 2023. Adjusted EPS excluding amortization was $1.04 in the quarter, increasing 17% versus the prior year period as strong profit performance and lower interest expense were mitigated by foreign exchange impacts in other expenses. Turning to Slide 9, our improved performance was broad-based this quarter. Nourish comparable currency neutral sales increased 7% and we delivered an adjusted operating EBITDA increase of 18%. This was led by Flavors’ third consecutive quarter of double-digit growth and modest sales improvement in Functional Ingredients. In Functional Ingredients, high-single-digit volume growth was mostly offset by our pricing actions, which were very consistent with our planned price investments this year. Overall, we are very pleased with our Functional Ingredients recovery plan that has delivered three consecutive quarters of volume growth with strong expansion in margins and EBITDA. Health & Bioscience achieved double-digit improvements in all of its businesses due to strong volume growth and productivity gains. H&B’s comparable currency neutral sales increased 12% and we delivered comparable adjusted operating EBITDA of $173 million a 15% increase from the year ago period. In Scent, double-digit increases in both consumer Fragrance & Fine Fragrance as well as high-single-digit growth in Fragrance Ingredients led to a strong quarter for both revenue and profit growth. Net sales in the quarter totaled $613 million up 10% on a comparable currency neutral basis and we delivered adjusted operating EBITDA of $127 million up 7% on a comparable basis. Lastly, Pharma Solutions returned to growth, delivering sales of $256 million, an 8% increase on a comparable currency neutral basis, while adjusted operating EBITDA surged over 32% to $62 million on a comparable basis. This notable performance was driven by strong double-digit growth in Industrial and mid-single digit growth in Core Pharma. Once again, margin expansion was primarily driven by volume and productivity gains. Turning to Slide 10, cash flow from operations totaled $702 million year-to-date, a $366 million increase from last quarter, while CapEx year-to-date totaled $303 million or roughly 3.5% of sales. Our free cash flow position totaled $399 million year-to-date, a sequential increase from $136 million last quarter. Year-to-date, we also distributed $411 million in dividends to our shareholders. Our cash and cash equivalents totaled $569 million at the end of the third quarter, including $2 million in assets held for sale. Additionally, gross debt for the quarter totaled approximately $9.1 billion with a net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA of 3.9 times, a decrease from 4.5 times at the end of 2023. Our trailing 12-month credit adjusted EBITDA totaled approximately $2.2 billion largely in-line with last quarter. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter and into the first half of ‘25, we remain committed to achieving our net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA target of below 3 times, following the completion of our Pharma Solutions divestiture. This sale, which again we expect to complete in the first half of ‘25, reflects our near-term focus on optimizing our portfolio and improving our leverage position to further strengthen our capital structure. On Slide 11, I’d like to turn to our consolidated outlook for the full-year ‘24. Given our improved financial and operational performance in the first three quarters of the year, tempered by some caution due to continued soft-end consumer demand, we are modifying our full-year ‘24 financial guidance. We now expect net sales to be in the range of $11.3 billion to $11.4 billion up from our previously communicated range of $11.1 billion to 11.3 billion. We also now believe that volumes will be in the range of 5% to 6% growth versus our previous expectation of 3% to 5% increase. Pricing is also now expected to be roughly flat for the full-year versus 1% growth previously as real pricing remains consistent with what we expected at the beginning of the year, but FX related pricing in emerging markets is expected to be slightly less than originally expected. Our outlook for the fourth quarter remains unchanged despite our performance in Q3, given macro trends as we closely monitor food, home and personal care end-markets, order phasing due to potential customers inventory adjustments at year-end and a slightly tougher year-over-year comparison. On the bottom line, we now expect to deliver full-year ‘24 adjusted operating EBITDA near the high-end of our previously communicated range of $2.1 billion to $2.17 billion. The high-end of this range includes the upside we delivered in the third quarter and assumes continued productivity improvements, a greater level of annual incentive compensation given the relative strength of our performance versus budget, and incremental reinvestments in the business with a focus on profitable long-term growth. Lastly, based on current market foreign exchange rates, we now expect that foreign exchange will have an approximately 3% full-year adverse impact to sales growth, assuming a EURO/U.S. dollar exchange rate of 1.12 at the time of our forecast was developed versus the previously expected range of 3% to 4%. I’ll now turn it back to Erik, for closing remarks.
Erik Fyrwald: Thank you, Glenn. I am tremendously proud of what our teams have accomplished both in the last quarter and through 2024 to advance our operating philosophy, our strategic direction and our execution capabilities. Together, we are building a stronger, more resilient IFF backed by a global team whose relentless dedication to innovation and winning in the marketplace continues to energize me quarter-after-quarter. Our solid performance this year is a direct reflection of the strength of our team and the shared buy-in for our strategic vision, and I am so grateful to work alongside such talented colleagues. While I’m energized by our recent performance, I am clear eyed and recognize that there is lots more work to be done. As Glenn mentioned, we remain committed to reinvesting in our businesses, particularly our highest return businesses over the long-term to ensure we are well-positioned to deliver sustainable, profitable growth to our shareholders. In the near-term, however, we remain laser focused on achieving our 2024 financial guidance and encouraging our global teams to unleash the full potential of IFF with our incredible customers. Thank you all for your ongoing support. I would like to now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. The first question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Your line is now open.
Josh Spector: Hey, good morning, guys, and congrats on a solid quarter. I was wondering if you could walk sequentially to your 4Q guide versus 3Q. I guess when we look at it, it looks like a bit more than normal seasonality and even counting for conservatism, it seems a little bit lower than what we would have expected. So, what are the assumptions that you have behind that? And, is there anything you’re seeing now that maybe gives you some pause on some of the trends or any incremental data you could share there? Thanks.
Erik Fyrwald: Thanks for the question, Josh. Let me just say that the fourth quarter has started as we expected, which is very encouraging. But, the pattern we have seen in the last few quarters is a strong start and then a bit of deceleration through the quarter. And, we’ve got limited visibility to December at this point. So, we are cautious given the potential that customers could adjust inventory at the end of the year, which has happened in the last few years. But, let me just say that we want to make sure that we continue to deliver what we say we will deliver. But, the quarter started off as expected.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nicola Tang with BNP Paribas. Your line is now open.
Nicola Tang: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask a bit about Nourish. Can you help us understand what drove the sequential decline in margins despite the strong topline performance? And again, can you provide a bit more color between Flavors & Functional Ingredients and how you’re thinking about the progression into Q4 as well? Thank you.
Glenn Richter: This is Glenn. Good afternoon, Nicola. I appreciate the question. Just as a reminder, typically, our high watermark for margin is Q2 for Nourish, a very positive mix as they go into the summer season here. What you see as it relates to the quarter-to-quarter progression between basically 2% and 3%, and then ultimately, from 3% to 4%, there’ll be a slight contraction in margin as well. As it relates to 2% to 3%, you have sort of mix more normalizes. And then secondarily, as we’ve mentioned that, we are increasing our investments in the business. So, those are beginning to basically show through relative to the margin as well. So as you look out into Q4, you should expect, because of the seasonality, i.e, lower volumes for Nourish in Q4, that we will have some degradation of 50 basis points to 90 basis points in terms of margin quarter-to-quarter.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Your line is now open.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I know it’s still early, but could you give us a sense as to how you’re thinking about 2025 at this point as it relates to some of the high-level variances such as volumes, price, maybe compensation expense and also cost savings flow through?
Erik Fyrwald: Thanks Ghansham. First of all, it’s too early to give you any specifics. And as you know, we normally guide in February. And right now, we’re finalizing our budgeting process. But, I will make a couple of comments. First of all, as you’ll recall, we will have over $100 million in incentive comp reset in 2025, which is a positive for next year. And then, let me just add that we continue to work really hard on customer focus, on driving innovation and productivity to drive our performance. And, I got to say that, nine months in, I love how our teams are stepping up and driving performance, driving execution.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
John Roberts: Thanks. First just to check on, are you on track for reporting Flavors separately from Functional Ingredients next year? And then, where was the incremental volume strength in the quarter or actually in the fourth quarter as well? I guess it’s the second half volume strength. And, do you think that was more driven by promotional activity by your customers and some easing in their pricing?
Glenn Richter: Yes, it’s a great question, John. So, relative to where we are with separation of Functional Ingredients and the Flavors business, we are on track to basically have that set up as two completely separate businesses. Actually, most of the organizational changes have been announced and implemented. We will start reporting it starting next year, which means in the first quarter. So, May of next year is when you’ll see the first cut between the businesses and we plan on providing some historical context as well.
Erik Fyrwald: And just to add to that, we have announced internally we didn’t see a need for a press release, but internally that we have named two Presidents, a President of what we’ll now call taste and a President of what we’ll call Food Ingredients.
Glenn Richter: Yes. And, then relative to the performance in the third quarter volumes, we actually pretty much, it was fairly broad-based, John, across all the businesses. Pharma was right on track, but the rest of the businesses generally sort of exceeded expectations. We had very strong Flavors, very strong Scent and certain businesses with H&B are very, very strong. We believe it is a combination, as you’re well aware, the end consumer, there’s very few signs that the consumer is getting any stronger in terms of what’s going on in terms of consumption. But, we do think that we’re picking up share and winning in the marketplace, and that’s a function of sort of the renewed focus on innovation, commercial excellence across the businesses, and the new operating model. As Erik had mentioned, the start as it relates to Q4, we’re just being a little more cautious because we had been surprised in December the last couple of years.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Dan Rizzo: Good morning, everyone. This is actually Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. Given the progress you’ve made this year, what do you think the right margin structure and ROIC is for your portfolio longer term once the farmer is gone?
Erik Fyrwald: The way I would answer that is we are focused on driving continuous improvement in both margins and ROIC, and we’re tracking them very closely by business now. And, the levers that we have driving customer focus, driving innovation and productivity are all helping us gain confidence that we’ll be able to continuously improve both. Also, I’d just add that we are prioritizing capital allocation to our higher margin and higher return businesses, Scent, Flavors, now we’re going to call it taste, and Health & Biosciences. And, we continue to have strong emphasis on driving Functional Ingredients turnaround, which we’re making good progress on. So, we are focused on these two metrics, and we’re doing the things to continuously improve over time.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citi. Your line is now open.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi, good morning. Is there any update to the adjusted free cash flow guidance for the year? I think last time you guided to $600 million. Should that trend higher now that we’re at the higher-end of the guide, or is it mostly offset by the working capital or other items?
Glenn Richter: Yes. So, two numbers I’ll give you, Patrick. Good morning. One is our reported free cash flow I’m sorry, our full-year free cash flow, we expect to be basically largely unchanged versus previous guide. You sort of already mentioned the reason why the earnings trajectory is higher, but we also are building more working capital, which is almost exclusively related to higher sales, so it’s sitting in receivables. So net-net, we’re sort of in a neutral position for the full-year, so no change in the forecast.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Kristen Owen: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. Just wanted to double click on Functional Ingredients. Can you talk about what you’re seeing in terms of order activity coming into the contracting period? And, if you could provide an additional update on the Functional Ingredients’ turnaround? Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Sure. Yes, this is Glenn. Thanks, Kristen, for the question. The reality is we don’t typically have a long order book. And certainly, there’s very this is essentially zero into next year. The contracting period largely is around pricing with our relationships from the standpoint. It is going extremely well. We feel that this is a byproduct of the now two year work we’ve had in place to basically remediate the business. So, we are seeing very, very good progression in the business and expect it to continue into next year. And, there’s nothing in the annual negotiation process that suggests that we’re not in a very good place to sustain the momentum within the business. As a reminder, we have taken a tremendous amount of effort to fix our service issues starting two plus years ago. Our service levels are extremely high. Secondarily, we reinvested deflation and giving price back to basically be much, much more competitive in the marketplace. Third, we basically reenergized our sales pipeline, so work very closely with the front-lines and the innovation resources to identify how to win customers back and win new business. That has been working extremely well. And, those collective efforts have actually resulted us in having mid-single-digit volumes this year. We feel like we’ve gained back about half of the lost volume at this point. And, at the same time, we’ve been expanding margins very, both gross margin and ultimately EBITDA year-over-year growth very, very well. The last piece is we are in the beginning phases of a fundamental restructure of our global supply chain footprint. That means actually making sure that we have the assets in the best locations from a cost perspective and the best supply chain to support that. That will take several years, but we think that’s the final step as we’ve committed to in the past of moving this business back to the mid-teens range in terms of overall EBITDA margins CIRCA 12, 13 this year, but we should be able to get to 15 plus in the coming years. So, we feel very good. The team has done a phenomenal job, has been working non-stop to basically make this afternoon feel very good with the businesses.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Erik, nine months into your tenure, how would you characterize the progress you’ve made on the R&D organization and the innovation pipeline? And, what could that mean for new product sales in ‘25 and even ‘26? Thank you.
Erik Fyrwald: Thanks for the question, David. And, I feel very good about the progress we’re making. First of all, let me start by saying that each of our BUs have developed very strong strategies with very clear priorities. And, now with R&D embedded in the BUs, we can already feel both the power and the energy created by the focus and the better connection of our R&D efforts to customer needs. And I tell you, it energizes our R&D people and it makes the whole system work better. And, just one example, our Scent team now has a very clear plan and is already taking actions to strengthen our pipeline of naturals, synthetic chemistry and biotech molecules. So, it’s great to see that. What I would say on that, in terms of the impact is I think that the main impact of the new projects will be in 2026 and beyond. But, I can tell you that the energy is already helping now and will help in 2025 in terms of seeing those that pipeline strengthen and having discussions with customers and also our sales force energized by that, I think will benefit us is already benefiting us. And, I think we’ll have benefits in 2025. But, the specific project benefits will really come in ‘26 and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Salvator Tiano with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Salvator Tiano: Thank you very much. I just want to ask a little bit about the disconnect between the very strong organic growth you’re reporting and the more and the slower growing end-market. So, can you bridge a little bit the degree of outperformance that you have across the board versus slower consumer demand? And specifically on sand, it’s been on a roll for several quarters and that’s where I think your customers are also doing well in Fine Fragrance. But, how long can this extremely strong growth last?
Glenn Richter: Yes. Hey Sal, it’s a good question. One, just to remind obviously everybody is that there is a bounce back effect this year from the lag of destocking. So, there’s a mathematical sort of performance that the entire industry is seeing as we overlap last year. So, that’s obviously explained some of the incremental growth above what is happening at the consumer level. Fine Fragrance continues to be a unique case as everyone is well aware over the last several years. Since COVID, the category has exploded. We believe that that is a function of multiple things happening at consumer level, a plethora of new brands being launched, the impact of social media, ultimately the digital channel has become a very, very meaningful channel for the growth in the business as well. And, the use of Fine Fragrance has expanded beyond sort of a special occasion as a result of that. We like everybody in the industry, have seen that hitting the Fine Fragrance space. We believe that that will continue to some degree that there still are lots of new channels and new brand opportunities and certainly regional opportunities. I would also say that we believe because we do track how we’re doing in the market versus others as we are winning share. So, as Erik had mentioned, the investments we have been making relative to new geographies, adding perfumers, adding new creative centers, etcetera is the other way that basically we’re winning in the business and we’re very committed to continuing to do that, not only within the Scent business, but more broadly across the higher growth and higher margin businesses within IFF. So, appreciate the question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, thank you and good morning. Can you discuss your expectations for price cost dynamics in the coming quarters? And related to that, would you touch on tariff scenarios? How do you think about potential for higher tariffs? Maybe you could talk about the experience in the past and how you’re planning to manage through various international trade scenarios moving forward?
Glenn Richter: Yes, good morning, Kevin. Generally, our price cost dynamic is flattish. We have seen throughout this year some continued deflation, not to the degree of last year, and our early outlook for next year is things are fairly stable. We believe there are certain parts of the basket that increases, but others some level of deflation. So generally, the price environment in our view is fairly static and the price cost dynamic is fairly static as a byproduct of that. Difficult to forecast at this point in time regarding tariffs. There is obviously some history here with the first Trump administration that was more focused as it relates to food and China as one country versus broad-based. So, it depends upon what if anything ultimately happens in the arena of tariffs. So, it is something that maybe yesterday people weren’t very focused on. But as of this morning, members of the team are very focused on. I would note that when there was basically escalation of tariffs in China, it’s probably intuitively good for our business relative our footprint, global footprint, our ability to react. As you’re well aware, there’s a more competitive environment within China. So, those tariffs could actually intuitively be advantageous to our overall business broadly. But obviously, stay tuned. And, as we think about kind of next year and provide guidance in February, there’ll probably be more to speak about at that point.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Mike Sison: Hey guys, nice quarter and outlook. Just on the fourth quarter, if you’re at the high-end of your outlook range, it does imply that EBITDA will be down year-over-year despite positive growth. Just want a little bit of color on that and is that more conservatism? And then, quick follow-up, when you think about ‘25, a lot of companies thus far in chemical end have noted the first half not likely better than the second half. Could you sort of talk about what you’re seeing from customers? And, do you think they’re feeling better about next year, about the same, any sort of green shoots of improvement there? And, just kind of wanted to leave it at that. Thanks.
Glenn Richter: Yes. So, hey, good morning, Mike. I’ll take the first part, which is the year-over-year. We were 4.60 on a reported basis last year. As a reminder, we have FX and then portfolio changes from last year as well that actually turns that into around a 4.40 like-for-like. And, as you pointed out, our guide currently we get is around 4.40 for this year as well. It’s very simple, honestly. It has all to do with our incentive compensation. As you know, last year on the full-year, we were below 100%. As we’ve mentioned, we are materially above 100% in excess of an incremental $100 million of variable comp. That is a nearly $40 million year-over-year impact in the quarter alone. So, that sort of normalized impact is a huge impact. The rest of the equation is basically productivity is offsetting basically some modest level of inflation in investment. But, it’s really that incentive comp growth year-over-year that’s the biggest piece.
Erik Fyrwald: And then, Mike, to the second part of your question, we’re not really seeing strong green shoot comments yet from our customer base for 2025. But, the good news is that we’re taking aggressive actions to strengthen our position by getting back to basics, as we said before, heavy customer focus, heavy focus on innovation. And by the way, as customers see slowing end-markets, what they want to do is have more innovation so that they can drive growth relative to the market. And, that’s when they come to us and that’s a good thing. And, I’ll just also say we’re doing lots of customer business, lots of focus on customers and co-creation with them of leading products around the world. In the third quarter, I personally visited with other executive team members 11 countries and representing over 4 billion people and it was just great. And by the way, up till now, I’ve visited about 40% of our customer base and just see how our people are in front of our customers. And, I feel a lot of energy with our teams in front of customers, whether it’s our salespeople, with our perfumers or our flavorists or our biotech scientists, co-creating products. And you feel the energy, and I would love it if you guys could feel the energy. But just as an example, I was just in India and Indonesia and was super excited to not only hear about our double-digit growth across Scent, Flavors, Health & Biosciences and Food Ingredients, but met with customers that are very bullish about their growth in these high growth markets, but also about the innovation that we’re bringing with these creative centers to help them grow. So tough market, but I believe that we’re putting in place the right things to grow above market.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Mark Astrachan: Yes, thanks and good morning everybody. I wanted to go back to the question on end demand and maybe ask it in a bit of a different way. One is, if you could just maybe try to give some framework around how much of the sales growth is from restocking? And, then more specifically, we all can look at the big multi-national public companies volume trends and you can see it’s clearly lower even if roughly half of your sales growth is attributable to destocking. So, I guess the question is, are you seeing more growth out of local and regional companies and private label relative to some of these big multi-nationals and maybe there’s a bit of a shift there, reversal relative to recent years? And then, just remind us how you think about whether the customers are local, regional, private label compared to a multi-national? I recall that you’re fairly agnostic. I just want to make sure that’s the case. Thank you.
Erik Fyrwald: I would start by saying that both are very, very important to us. And, the multi-nationals that are focused on innovation and driving superior products are wanting more of our innovation and we’re doing more projects with them and that’s helpful to their growth and to our growth. But also the regionals and the locals are also growing and we’re, I think, strengthening our strategies and our capabilities to serve them locally. And, that’s what I’m seeing around the world. That’s why we’re building more creative centers to service both the global companies but also the locals the regionals and the locals. So, we’re seeing growth opportunities across, but of course, there are some geographies and there are some segments that are growing faster than others. But we’re, I think, now very clear on making sure that we’re able to grow in all three customer segments.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I just wanted to talk about reinvestment rates because I think initially seeing the implied EBITDA for 4Q and I know you just clarified and said it’s more or less all the incentive comp dynamic. There had been a thought that some of it was reinvestment ahead of next year pulling some activity forward, which is completely typical to see from companies when there’s flexibility. So, wanted to talk a bit about reinvestments for next year? This year there was a lot of flexibility created in the P&L as you had the restocking dynamics and strength on topline. So, how should we think about reinvestment next year, Erik, as you’ve gotten closer and closer and closer to the business and looking to build back R&D, build back capabilities and set the stage for big pipeline in ‘26? How should we think about rates of reinvestment spending in ‘25 versus what we saw in ‘24? Thanks.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Lauren, I’ll start and hand it over to Erik. I’ll just sort of clarify the [24] (ph) impact as we communicated last time, which is the same, is $20 million in the P&L. So, it’s roughly 10 and 10 in Q3 and Q4. So, that will annualize by another $20 million in the first half of next year. That’s independent of any additional level, but that’s our starting point.
Erik Fyrwald: And then from there, we’re planning on continuing to grow our topline and with that be able to invest the same percentage of sales in our innovation and other areas to drive growth. And that $20 million is going to commercial people, to technical sales, experts to increase more perfumers, more flavors, and R&D people. So, really strengthening our ability to drive innovation. At the same time, we’re strengthening our ability to drive productivity and make sure that we’re able to drive productivity in a way that we keep continuously improving our margins and our ROIC and be able to invest even more in innovation. So, I think it’s a virtuous cycle that we drive the innovation, which gives us sales growth, which enables us to invest more in innovation. At the same time, we drive productivity to help our margins but also enable us to invest more in innovation. And, that’s what we’ve started to be able to do in 2024 and intend to continue to do in 2025 and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. You talked about being satisfied with your volumes in October. Roughly, were they up mid-single-digits that is sort of continuing the pattern of what you experienced in the third quarter? And then secondly, in functional ingredients, you have some volume growth and you have some price degradation. In general, is the EBITDA or operating profit of Functional Ingredients growing nicely for you this year or not growing or shrinking? Can you give us an idea of how that business is performing?
Glenn Richter: Yes. Hey, good morning, Jeff. So, we’re mid-single-digit up in the month of October. So, same pattern we’ve seen for the last few quarters. As Erik noted, it sort of drops there sort of fairly significantly with the last month of the quarter rather being pretty tough. And Functional Ingredients is sort of following that pattern. Functional Ingredients from a volume metric standpoint is going to be 5% to 6% volumes this year. They had very, very strong performance. That is largely been offset with price, so currency neutral are sort of flattish to slightly up. But to remind you, the beginning of this year, there was a lot of deflation in the underlying commodities supporting the business. We basically took those dollars to reinvest back with our customers on a very targeted basis, and it’s helped us not only deliver the topline turnaround results. But to your final question, gross margins are up very nicely, fairly consistent with Flavors in terms of the year-over-year and EBITDA itself is up very strongly. So last year, the business was, I’ll say, CIRCA 8%, 9% EBITDA margin. It will probably finish this year north of 12%, and it’s sort of on its way to our stated objective to get to sort of mid-teens over the next two years. So, hopefully that answers the question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lisa De Neve with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Lisa De Neve: Hi, thank you for taking my question. I just want to come back a little bit to the growth. We’ve talked a little bit about segmental growth and growth cost efficient, but can you share how growth has been different across your regions and across the segments in that? And, maybe can you also share how your performance has been in China and maybe also in India, given a lot of your customers had very big volatility of delivery in these regions? Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Good morning, Lisa. So, I’ll provide some general perspectives and then turn it over to Erik. Generally, all of our businesses have performed well across the board. Pharma lagged as we expected. The destocking was a little bit more later in the cycle. Pharma is now back in the very strong positive territory in the second half of the year as expected. But, all of the businesses have actually done very well from the start of this year standpoint. China and India are two different stories. China, while there’s been some improvement, still is a little bit choppy in terms of the growth trajectory given the local market. India is extremely strong. We are, as Erik mentioned in early comments, really doubling down on investments within India to really continue to capture that share in terms of kind of the growth opportunities. So I don’t know, Erik --
Erik Fyrwald: I’d just add that we’re investing in creative centers in the growth markets, including India, very aggressively to ensure that we continue to grow strong in those markets.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chris Parkinson with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Good morning. Could we just dig in a little bit more into the H&B result? Obviously, it’s been pretty solid, but just the composition of kind of the sub-segments, the probiotics recovery, and anything that we should be thinking about and considering as we enter 2025? Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Hey, good morning, Chris. Every single business within H&B had a very good performance within the quarter. Probiotics bounced back a lot. As you’re well aware, over the last couple of years, there has been softness in the business, in part given the situation in China. It’s our second largest market. It’s very close to the size of North America. So, as goes China, it does whipsaw the business sort of back and forth, but the third quarter was a very, very strong quarter across the board.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude the question-and-answer portion of today’s call. I would now like to turn the call back to Erik for closing remarks.
Erik Fyrwald: Well, first of all, I want to thank you all for joining today. Appreciate your questions and your interest in IFF. I’ve now been here for just about 10 months, and I’ve got to tell you that I’m more excited than ever about the prospects for our Company. I love team IFF. I love our customers. I love spending time with them. I love our innovation and really appreciate the work that our teams are doing to have delivered the first three quarters. And, I can tell you that we’re all very much focused on making sure that we deliver the fourth quarter but doing it in a way that strengthens us for ‘25 to ‘26 and beyond. So, thank you very much, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF’s second quarter 2024 conference call. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the Company’s performance and business outlook. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K and our press release, both of which can be found on our website. Today’s presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in the press release that we issued yesterday. With me on the call today is our CEO, Erik Fyrwald; and our Executive Vice President, CFO and Business Transformation Officer, Glenn Richter. We will begin with prepared remarks and then take any questions you may have at the end. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to, Erik.
Erik Fyrwald: Well, thank you, Mike, and hello, everyone. I’m excited to join you all today and share the positive progress we are making in our strategic refresh and the solid performance IFF delivered in the second quarter. Also, during today’s call, we will provide a brief update on the business-led strategic framework we are implementing across our organization. Now, over the last seven months, I’ve had the great pleasure to travel to many of our facilities and have met with customers that together represent over a third of our sales and several 1,000 of our IFF team members. I’ve been able to get great feedback on what makes IFF special and strategic and tactical moves our leadership team needs to make to strengthen our Company, to better serve customers and improve our performance. We have listened and are making the changes we need to unleash more of the potential for today and for the future. And, I’m very pleased that the entire IFF team is rallying behind our resulting strategic refresh to make IFF better at bringing leading innovation to our customers. Now, beginning with Slide 6, IFF is building on last quarter’s momentum and delivered another solid quarter, and I’m pleased with our performance and our results through the first half of the year. Led by Scent, Health & Biosciences and Nourish, we delivered volume growth in the high-single digits in the second quarter. On a comparable basis, adjusted operating EBITDA increased 22%, driven by volume growth and productivity initiatives. This is a significant improvement over last year and it is great to have IFF on a better sales growth and margin expansion track. Now looking ahead, we are cautiously optimistic for the remainder of 2024. Given this outlook and our solid performance to-date this year, we are raising both our sales and adjusted operating EBITDA guidance for the full-year. Glenn, will speak more about this in a few minutes. Now, it’s encouraging that the steps we have taken and continue to take to refocus IFF on bringing customers’ leading innovation while driving healthy productivity are yielding encouraging results. We are making solid progress advancing the business-led refresh I’ve spoken about before, but we are not satisfied and we’ve got a lot more work to do. But, I’ve got confidence that we are on the right track toward achieving IFF’s full potential. Moving to Slide 7. As I did last quarter, I would like to give a brief update on our progress as we work across the organization to refresh our strategy and focus on a business-led operating model. IFF has had a challenging last three years. Constraints on our balance sheet led the Company to underinvest in our core businesses and focused on divestitures. The Company was not structured to effectively navigate the complex and fast moving environment, and we underperformed relative to our peers. We have now had several quarters of growth as we have taken decisive actions to get our businesses back on-track. Our strategy moving forward will be driven by four key pillars: our people, our customer focus, our position as an innovation powerhouse and our operational excellence. We will engage and empower our people to deliver customer success while we drive profitable market share growth over time. We will also continue to develop sustainable new products and applications that are aligned with our customers’ needs now and in the future, all while being relentless in our commitment to safety, quality and the efficiency in our operations. We have already taken several steps toward resetting and refocusing our operating model, including the announced divestiture of Pharma Solutions, which is still on-track to close in the first half of 2025, and our pivot to an end-to-end business-led operating model that will promote greater accountability and better performance. We are also working hard to improve employee engagement and are seeing positive results. Furthermore, each of our business units are building a five year strategic plan to define and close gaps where they exist versus best-in-class companies. These plans include executing a refreshed turnaround strategy for functional ingredients and leveraging health and biosciences’ biotech expertise and capabilities across our Scent and Flavors platforms to enhance innovation and product development. Also, as mentioned last quarter, we are focusing on having lean corporate functions to support our business units with speed, agility and closer collaboration. Now, as we prioritize growth investments to our highest value businesses, such as Flavors, Scent and Health & Biosciences, we have already started to increase R&D and commercial investments. At the same time, we plan to increase our CapEx investments, targeting about 6% of sales for the next several years to bolster capacity and accelerate our digital transformation, including ERP implementation. We believe these investments will generate strong returns, providing us with incremental growth and efficiency opportunities that will lead us to continue to improve how we serve our customers profitably. Lastly, we are committed to delivering significant value creation for our shareholders. And with that in mind, we are on-track to achieve our raised guidance targets for the year as we continue to drive profitable growth across each of our businesses. I’ll now pass it over to Glenn, for a closer look at our quarterly results, which demonstrate the continued progress and growth we are achieving. Glenn?
Glenn Richter: Thank you, Erik, and thank you all for joining us today. As Erik noted, IFF had a strong second quarter. Revenue of just below $2.9 billion increased 7% on a comparable currency neutral basis with Scent, H&B and Nourish each growing revenue in the quarter. Volumes grew by high-single digits as our performance continued to improve sequentially across nearly every business. Our volume growth and strong gains from productivity initiatives together contributed to a 22% increase in comparable adjusted operating EBITDA in the quarter. Our adjusted operating EBITDA margin improved by 310 basis points to 20.4% on a comparable basis, building off a strong first quarter and the first time we were over 20% since the third quarter of 2022. Turning to Slide 9. I’ll dive a bit deeper into each of our segments. Nourish comparable currency neutral sales increased 4% and we delivered an adjusted operating EBITDA increase of 36% on a comparable basis. This was led by a second consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in Flavors with improvements in both volume and pricing. Functional Ingredient sales declined modestly in the quarter as high-single digit volume growth was offset by lower pricing, consistent with plan. Both Flavors and Functional Ingredients demonstrated strong year-over-year gross margin expansion. The strong profitability in Nourish was driven by volume growth and productivity improvements as well as the comparison to the one-time Locust Bean Kernel inventory write-down in the year ago period. Health & Biosciences achieved strong growth in all businesses with a noteworthy uptick in health led by a strong performance in probiotics. H&B comparable currency neutral sales increased 9%, and we delivered comparable adjusted operating EBITDA of $165 million a 14% increase from a year ago. In Scent, double-digit growth in Consumer Fragrance & Fragrance Ingredients led to a strong quarter for both revenue and profit growth. Fine Fragrance also remained strong, growing mid-single digits, led by new wins and volume gains. Net sales in the quarter were $603 million up 16% on a comparable currency neutral basis, and we delivered adjusted operating EBITDA of $137 million up 38% on a comparable basis. Lastly, Pharma Solutions returned to volume growth with revenue of $250 million. Profitability in this segment declined in-line with our plan as we managed through unfavorable mix and one-time items. Turning to Slide 10. Cash flow from operations totaled $336 million this quarter, while CapEx year-to-date was $200 million or roughly 3.5% of sales. For the year, we expect that CapEx will be approximately $575 million as we ramp up in the second half of the year. Our free cash flow position in Q2 totaled $136 million, an increase sequentially of approximately $150 million from last quarter and a significant increase from $85 million reported in the year ago period. We paid $309 million in dividends through the end of the second quarter, and our cash and cash equivalents totaled $674 million. IFF also continued to make progress towards achieving our deleveraging goals and reduced our gross debt by over $900 million from last quarter, yielding a net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA ratio of 4x at quarter end compared with 4.4x at the end of the first quarter. This was driven by improved operational performance, including solid working capital management as well as the closure of our Cosmetic Ingredients divestiture, which occurred early in the second quarter. It’s important to note that we remain committed to achieving our net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA target of 3x or less following the completion of the divestiture of Pharma Solutions, which we continue to expect to be completed in the first half of 2025. On Slide 11, I’d like to turn to our consolidated outlook for ‘24, where we are raising both our sales and adjusted operating EBITDA guidance ranges, given our stronger than expected financial and operational performance in the first half of the year. We are now expecting net sales to be in the range of $11.1 billion to $11.3 billion reflecting our expectation that volume growth will continue across the majority of our portfolio in the back half of the year, albeit at lower growth rates than the first half. Given the recent economic indicators and mixed results by CPG companies of late, we remain cautious relative to the outlook for demand in the balance of the year. Operating under this assumption, for the full-year, we now expect to achieve a 3% to 5% volume growth, up from our previously announced range of 0% to 3%. On the bottom line, we also raised our adjusted operating EBITDA guidance range to $2.1 billion to $2.17 billion up from our previously stated range of $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion. This increase reflects our strong profitability performance in the first half of the year with a consistent view of the second half from our previously communicated guidance. It should be noted that we are also factoring in a greater level of annual incentive compensation given the relative strength of our performance versus budget and incremental second half spending related to business reinvestment. Specifically, as part of our strategy refresh, the team has identified investments that will accelerate the execution of our strategy, focus in business development, R&D and innovation that will yield results in 2025 and 2026. Based on current market exchange rates, we expect that FX will be closer to a 4% adverse impact to sales growth within our 3% to 4% range given. For the third quarter, we expect sales to be approximately $2.75 billion to $2.85 billion with an adjusted operating EBITDA of approximately $520 million to $540 million. I’ll now turn back to Erik, for closing remarks.
Erik Fyrwald: Well, thank you, Glenn. As I shared at the top of the call, I am pleased with the team’s solid performance throughout the first half of the year, especially as it represents a significant improvement over our prior year lows. We are moving on the right track because our teams around the world continue to relentlessly focus on efficiently meeting the needs of our customers, resulting in driving profitable growth. And, I’m energized by the progress we’ve made so far this year, yet I recognize that we have a lot more to do to achieve the full potential of this great company. Already, we are making progress to better meet our goals and by taking advantage of the market’s tailwinds and increasing our investments in our high-growth businesses, we believe we will be positioned to deliver attractive shareholder returns over time. I want to especially thank the entire IFF team for delivering these results, including rallying behind our strategic refresh to advance our customer focused and innovation-led strategy. We want every IFFer to share the same passion and desire to help our customers differentiate and win in the marketplace. We are making much progress towards this goal. As I look ahead to the remainder of the year, we will remain steadfast in bringing new products and innovations to the market while simultaneously executing a turnaround strategy across our Functional Ingredients business, including with strong productivity initiatives. And, I’m confident the actions we’re taking and the near-term operational priorities we are executing will create a stronger IFF. And with that, I would now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Josh, your line is now open.
Josh Spector: Yes, hi, good morning, and first congrats on a really solid second quarter here. So, I wanted to ask two related pieces here. It’s first really around the sequencing of EBITDA in the second half. So, the step down in 3Q versus 2Q and then your implied 4Q is a pretty material seasonal step down. So, what is driving that in your view versus the stronger 2Q? And then, related is around volumes. So, the 3% to 5% lift is clearly better than you expected, but that’s largely just a reflection of, I think, 2Q flowing through. I would say volumes in the second half are up 1% to 2%. The comps maybe do get harder, but it seems like with sequentially stable, maybe moving around a little bit, that’s a pretty easy bar to beat. So, what are you seeing on the volume side that we might be missing? Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Hey, good morning, Josh. Thanks for the questions. I’ll start with your second one and then we’ll come back to the EBITDA question. We are expecting more modest volume growth in the second half of the year, specifically in the fourth quarter. We are forecasting about a 4% volume uplift year-over-year in Q3 and flattish in Q4. As a reminder, last year sequentially was negative 7%, negative 11%, negative 7% and negative 3%. We are somewhat sort of cautious on Q4, combination of, the overlap from last year and then secondarily, the end consumer continues to be very, very unique and the economic indicators, as you’re well aware, are probably more negative now than they were a few months ago. So, that’s what’s driving sort of the volume expectations. The EBITDA first half versus second half is really a reflection of lower revenues in the second half. Big portion of that is seasonal. We expect that basically we will be about $400 million less revenue based on our guide in the second half of the year, than in the first half of the year. That is notably $300 million in the fourth quarter, which is always our seasonally our lowest. So, that really drives the vast majority of the change in the first half versus the second half. I will also add that we are investing about $20 million to $30 million incremental OpEx in the back half of the year. Given the performance this year, we want to reinvest to begin to accelerate growth for ‘25 and ‘26. So, that’s another piece of the equation.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nicola Tang with BNP Paribas. Nicola, your line is now open.
Nicola Tang: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. It actually feeds on quite nicely from your last answer there, Glenn. I was wondering if you could give more color on some of those incremental investments around R&D and commercial assets and capacity. Could you give a few more specific examples and how you expect that to feed through or contribute to ‘25 and ‘26? And, you gave some helpful quantification on the CapEx for the next few years in terms of this OpEx step up. Should we also extrapolate that going forward as well? Thank you.
Erik Fyrwald: Right. Thanks for the question, Nicola. And, we’re very excited about the increased investment in OpEx, as Glenn mentioned, $20 million to $30 million that we’re putting into the Company this year to have impact in the coming years, ‘25, ‘26 and beyond. That includes, of course, R&D, and we’re increasing R&D spend in both, Health & Biosciences, Scent and Flavors. And that includes, by the way, accelerating our transformation in biotech to come out with new fragrances and flavors with our biotech capabilities that will enhance our Scent and Flavors businesses. We’re also increasing the R&D to find more naturals, both for Scent and for Flavors. Obviously, a great market trend towards naturals. We’re leaders in that area, and we want to continue to strengthen our leadership position. Also across all three of those businesses, we’re adding commercial capability. And, in our Functional Ingredients business, we’re adding more technical service capability to better sell higher-value products that we have in our Functional Ingredients portfolio. On the OpEx or excuse me, on the CapEx side, we’re adding capacity, especially in Health & Biosciences, but across all three of those high growth markets of businesses, Health & Biosciences, Scent and Flavors, to ensure that we always have very reliable, high-quality supply for all of our customers around the world for all those product lines. So, we’re making significant investment now, and we’ll continue to ramp that up in the coming years to ensure that we continue to profitably grow very aggressively those business units. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho. John, your line is now open.
John Roberts: Hi, congrats on the quarter. Erik, on Slide 7, this end-to-end operating model replaces the reorganization that your predecessor has started. Is the model fully in place, or can you tell us where you are? When you’ll be fully in place?
Erik Fyrwald: Yes. We’re making a lot of really good progress, John. Thanks for the question. And, what I would say is that the clarity has been very well received by our people. And, I think that the uncertainty has been cleaned up. The business teams are getting put in place. They’re very excited and very energized by the clarity of decision making, their ability to set strategy and then to execute all elements of the business from R&D, operations, commercial and all the functions to support that those gears working together to drive each of the business units. And, I can tell you that we’re starting to feel the benefits of that by seeing the strategies being executed and being strengthened in terms of being able to take our innovation from R&D and get it through the creation and into commercial operations, produce it and then get it in there commercially. And, it’ll take a while to fully drive the benefits, but we’re starting to feel the strength and improvements in energy and ability to do that. The other thing that’s really interesting here is with the focus business units having their strategy and by the way, from that comes the five year plan, which gives us more clarity on where we’re investing. We’re able to better differentiate between the units on where we put more of the investment and where we put less of the investment, where we need more productivity and where we need to focus that productivity to make sure that we’re competitive cost wise and able to drive margins. And then also, as you get that clarity on each business unit, what they need to do to win, it also increases the ability of businesses to collaborate effectively. And so, that collaboration, the synergy is now much less driven corporately with corporate programs and lots of consultants and lots complexity and much more from the businesses where they know the customers and where that synergy, where that leverage makes sense. So, we’re making good progress. And by the end of the year, we’ll have all five units operating well, and that’s when we’ll start reporting the five business units.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Ghansham, your line is now open.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everybody. Erik, I just want to go back to the strategic refresh specific to R&D. Does that entail more spending as it relates to R&D as a percentage of sales or is it more repositioning resources with an overlay of accountability? And then, also on the CapEx piece, the Company has been spending roughly $0.5 billion in CapEx post the DuPont acquisition. So, as you sort of look back, was that just maintenance CapEx basically and now you’re adding growth CapEx? Is that the right sequencing to think about as you go back to your comments about 6% CapEx to sales going forward?
Erik Fyrwald: Yes, thanks for the question, very important. Let me start with the CapEx. So, we now with the strategic clarity with the business units, the clarity of our strategies, we know we have to spend more on growth investments to realize our growth ambitions, but we also have some foundational investments that we need to make that we’re underinvested before in basic making sure that our plants are up to standards that we need to have them operate well, reliably with high-quality. We have some ERP investments that we need to make that are kind of that are foundational. But, on top of that, we have aggressive growth targets, and we’re going to make sure that we’ve got the facilities to deliver on those growth targets. On the R&D spend, we are absolutely increasing R&D spend as a percentage of sales in our Health & Biosciences business and will increase the R&D spend in our Flavors and Scent businesses as we grow those businesses. And, I think that will be really important to ensure that we continue to strengthen those businesses and get the full benefit of their potential. On the Functional Ingredients side, it’s heavily leaning towards making sure that we’ve got the right cost position, that we’ve got enough productivity to turn continue to turn around that business and get it on the right track and get it competitive with its competitive set. And, we’re making good progress on that, by the way. And, part of that will involve consolidation of some of our manufacturing facilities, which will take some initial CapEx, but we’ll have very, very high returns. And then finally, we are pushing strengthening our productivity across the Company. When we talk about empowered business units, each of the business units also has a productivity leader now that’s focused on making sure that we’re driving productivity within each business unit to be able to improve margins and invest more in innovation. And then, we’re talking about lean corporate functions that effectively and efficiently support the business units. And, each of those corporate functions has a productivity lead to make sure that we’re fully competitive on costs for our corporate functions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer. Kristen, your line is now open.
Kristen Owen: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to know if we could unpack some of the volume drivers behind each of the businesses in Q2. Just help us understand the mix between end user demand, channel restock and or some of the pricing incentives that you’ve talked about? Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Good morning, Kristen. Thank you for the question. What we’re seeing is actually no incremental improvement in the consumer. So, I know everyone sort of tracks what’s happening, but neither food and beverage, [H&B] (ph) really are showing any strengthening the market. So, our volume growth we believe is a function of two things. First of all, the lack of destocking from prior year. So, it was pretty significant as you know in the first half of the year. We do not see any restocking at this point in time. I would note that Pharma’s destocking lagged a bit. And all the other businesses we think were largely done at the end of last year. Pharma, largely done at the end of this quarter, so that we see the volume of trajectory for Pharma improving going forward. We also track very closely our volume performance vis-a-vis our key competitors by segment. And, we’re pleased in terms of where we are generally performing at or better across the entire Board. And, we believe it’s really a function of sort of three things. One is, as Erik mentioned, the innovation focus. We’ve increased our intensity relative to our innovation pipeline. Secondarily, our sales pipeline, we spent a lot of energy to rebuild our pipeline and really accelerate our ability to win new business and win back business. And then third, I would have a special call out for the Ingredients business. Ingredients business has actually come back very strongly based on the remediation efforts that we launched last year into this year. Part of that, as a reminder, is taking some of the deflation that business has experienced in reinvesting in pricing at the start of the year and that’s actually played out very well. We had about 7%, 8% plus volumes in the ingredients business in the second quarter alone. So, that’s how we sort of characterize. Again, we’re confident in terms of what we can control, but the market continues to give us pause because we’re just not seeing so lot of strength in the consumer.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citi. Patrick, your line is now open.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi, good morning. Given some of the incremental increase in OpEx and CapEx, but revised guidance upward, is there any update to free cash flow guidance for the year and any items we should be monitoring there? Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Hey, good morning, Patrick. Thanks for the question. We are still guiding to the full-year of $600 million. As a reminder, when we started the year, it was $500 million. We upped our guidance to $600 million the last quarter, in part to reflect we were pointing towards the higher end of our previous guidance. We are expecting earnings to be up, as we mentioned, with the higher guidance. There will be slightly higher working capital. As the businesses are growing, basically have to make sure our inventories are in the right position to continue to support it. I would note that that $600 million of free cash flow includes roughly $350 million of Reg G items. Those are largely related to transactions, taxes, implementation costs, fees, etcetera. So, adjusting for that, taking the Reg G cost out for more like [$9.50] (ph) for the year, which is very consistent with what we guided previously as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Mike, your line is now open.
Mike Sison: Hey, guys. Nice quarter and outlook. In terms of Functional Ingredients, how has the new strategy driven the volume recovery? I think you had nice high-single digit recovery in 2Q. In addition, pricing is lower. Can you share a little bit of details on EBITDA margin? Is it up meaningfully? Did it improve? And then, just your thoughts on the second half for Functional Ingredients? Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Hey, thanks, Mike, and good morning. Yes, relative to Functional Ingredients, not only is the topline performing well, the gross profit and our EBITDA trajectory is actually progressing very nicely against expectations. So, for the second quarter alone, on a like-for-like basis, including normalizing for the LBK write-off last year, so if you normalize for that, we were up about 250 basis points in terms of gross margin, which is consistent from the first quarter as well and consistent with where we think the full-year is going to be. As we mentioned last year, the business had dropped to high-single digit EBITDA margin. Our goal has been to get it to basically mid-teens. We are tracking well to be low teens this year. Generally, the volume recovery, the sales pipeline, the innovation recovery is performing very well. The last set of initiatives are really focused on the cost structure of our global manufacturing footprint. We’ve begun to implement some of those initiatives in the second half of the year, but they’re going to fully begin to kick in next year 2025. So, a lot of work to do. We’ve actually put a lot of effort against that business, but we have another sort of full-year plus to sort of get the business back to where we think we are, but good progress today. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Adam, your line is now open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Maybe keying off of that last question and answer, Glenn, Erik, just a little more detail on some of the more tangible steps within the Functional Ingredients business to improve the profitability and get that where it needs to be from a margin and earnings and returns perspective. I think in the prepared remarks you did kind of refresh strategic plan there. So, is that really about facility consolidation to lower manufacturing costs? Is there intention on product and business mix across some different categories? And, can you talk about kind of how you think your volume performance in 2024, which was up nicely against kind of a very challenging 2023, compares to the end markets and peers that you look at in that space? Thanks.
Erik Fyrwald: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think we’re making good progress on transforming the business and getting it back healthy. We have achieved some significant volume recovery ahead of the market by going back to customers that we had before and making sure that they realize that we’re serious about reliable supply, about serving them well, about making sure that we’re very customer-focused, and that’s played out well. We’ve had to make some price moves with the market as others have done as well, but that was as expected. Actually, has resulted in the combination of the productivity, aggressive productivity with some price giveback, we’ve still enabled us to achieve our margin goal margin improvement goals in that business. So, we’re very much on-track. But, it is a combination of focusing on customers, really getting the clarity of strategy for the functional ingredients business, which we’ve been working hard on, which tells us where we focus our commercial efforts, what customers, what segments, what geographies and making sure that we’re driving the volume so that our plants are operating well, plus a very aggressive approach on productivity to ensure that we’ve got competitive costs and are able to have the target margins that we want for that business. It’s a work in progress. We’ve still got a lot of room to go. As Glenn mentioned, we’ve got another year plus to get back to where we believe that business should be. But, I’m very, very proud of the team and the progress that they’re making.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. David, your line is now open.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Erik, I know you’ve been working on improving performance in your health business. With return to growth in the second quarter, can you share what’s driving the strong performance in probiotics? And, how sustainable is that growth? Thank you.
Erik Fyrwald: Great. Thanks for the question, David. First of all, I think there’s increasing emphasis on healthy, health and gut health, which is great. And, the U.S. market particularly has rebounded and is picking up nicely. And as you know, we focused a lot recently on our finished format approach, which is working very well. I would also say that we’ve added significant commercial capability. Our team there has actually done a great job of bringing back some really strong sales people that left IFF in previous years and have now come back home, which is really helpful because it’s great that they went out and thought that there were things were better, but now come back to IFF because they like what we’re doing at IFF. And by the way, that’s happening in some other areas as well. And then finally, the current performance is starting to turn and making some good progress. But, I got to tell you, we’ve got a very exciting pipeline in our Health business that I think will bode well for the coming years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Salvator Tiano with Bank of America. Salvator, your line is now open.
Salvator Tiano: Thank you very much. I want to ask about a couple of recent trends and how they are or the main part of your volumes. And firstly, a bunch of CPGs, seeing the segment sales you mentioned, are considering moving back to discounting products to get some volume. So, are you hearing about that that could give another boost in your volumes perhaps next year? And on the other hand, a lot has been said about the return of innovations and more SKUs by your customers post-COVID, which is helping now. How important has this been your 2024 results so far? And, is there any risk that this runs out of steam after your customers have a new product slate and they’re done with this innovation focus?
Erik Fyrwald: Thanks for the question. And, what we’re seeing from CPGs is that they want to strengthen their growth and profitable growth like we all do. And, the way we’re hearing most about their strategy is to drive more innovation. And, that’s terrific for us because we love working with our customers to enhance innovation. And, just a couple of examples of what’s happening there. Obviously, the desire for better health and our ability to reduce sugar and salt content through modulation with our flavors in a way that gets you the same taste, but significantly lower sugar or salt levels is really strong and is one of the key drivers of our Flavors business, which is doing very well. We also, in the Scent business, are working with our Fine Fragrance customers, for example, to enhance the ability to trigger emotions that the fine fragrance companies want to have. Just an example of that is Charlotte Tilbury wanted to come out with a range of products that triggers different emotions for consumers. And, we used our AI tool, our IFF ScentCube algorithm, with her and her team to develop this line of fragrances that one product brings joy, another product brings energy, another product brings relaxation, another product brings romance, a whole slate of products, innovative products. But, if you go online on TikTok and you search for Charlotte Tilbury, she talks about how exciting it was to develop these great products, which are doing extremely well together with IFF to make them happen. And, then we’re seeing other innovation, which helps to drive cost productivity, such as cocoa prices are very high. We have cocoa extender capabilities in our Flavors and our biosciences businesses that are helping companies reduce significantly the amount of cocoa they use but having the same exact same taste at lower cost. And, then one other example, I think, is really exciting is that we recently, with a very large global food company, developed and they have launched a lactose-free milk in China, where our enzymes take out the lactose and turn it into fiber and so you get lactose-free milk that is lower calorie and healthier for you. And as you know, there are many, many lactose intolerant consumers in China, so a big market. So, this focus on innovation and our ability to work with our customers to bring great innovation that helps them drive their growth profitably is really paying off.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Mark, your line is now open.
Mark Astrachan: Yes, thanks and good morning everybody. I guess two clarifications. One, just on the outlook over balance of the year. The volume outlook to be weaker in 4Q. Is it something that you are theorizing? Is it something that you have line-of-sight on? It sounds like from your guidance that 3Q and July has gotten off to solid start. So, I guess I’m curious just how you disaggregate those two pieces 3Q versus 4Q? And then, as we go into next year, are there any one-offs to consider like incentive comp? I think you had mentioned resets this year, so things to think about going into next year? Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Hey, good morning, Mark. Thanks for the questions. Q4, we have very little visibility at this point in time. We have a very good view towards the third quarter book. Obviously, July is in the bank, and we have a good view to the current month and then September. So, there’s not a lot of data points at this point in time to sort of give us any direction on Q4. Beyond, we are overlapping an improvement from prior year. So, we’re negative 7% in Q3 of last year versus negative 3%. And again, we do think that the consumer dynamics basically suggest that end market demand will be flattish. We don’t see restocking happening either. We think that the CPG firms are conservative. They’re not going to restock until they see a strength in the market. So, all those factors basically just make us cautious on the fourth quarter until we begin to see the order book emerge. One off is a good question. The annual incentive plan is a very significant variable this year out of plan. Because of the very strong performance across all of our businesses, we are accruing an incremental $100 million this year of AIP. That’s actually $140 million aggregate versus prior year. So, think about our guide of $2.1 million to $2.17 million that includes $100 million that will be normalized for next year as you just go into next year and get back to 100% sort of payout from standpoint. That’s the most significant there really are -- there’s always puts and takes and other items relative to where we are, but that’s probably the most significant item by far within our P&L. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. Kevin, your line is now open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes. Thank you and good morning. You’re making some pretty good progress on the balance sheet in the quarter and it appears as though that’ll most likely continue with the EBITDA upgrade and of course the pending pharma deal. So, my question would be if we were to jump ahead Erik to a time when the balance sheet is fully repaired, so to speak, are there other things that you have in mind that you’d like to do strategically if capital were not a constraint?
Erik Fyrwald: Thanks for the question. And absolutely, our plans are to continue to significantly strengthen our Health & Biosciences business, our Flavors and our Scent businesses. We see a lot of opportunity with organic investments, both in R&D, commercial capability, digital capability, as well as CapEx opportunities to expand capacity and make sure that we always have enough products to sell all around the world. And then also, I foresee us returning sometime next year to really looking at bolt on acquisition opportunities and collaboration opportunities with companies that bring complementary capabilities, especially technologies that would be useful for us. So, we will we’re already working on our strategies, and you’ll see us get more proactive in these areas.
Glenn Richter: Yes. I think it’s also important to emphasize given, I’ll say, our jaded history here relative to acquisitions is we feel like we have a phenomenal portfolio in place. We’re going to prioritize the organic. And as Erik mentioned, the focus really is on bolt-ins, small acquisitions that provide either a complementary technology, a geographic strength, etcetera, as a way to continue to progress the business. At this point, anything large would be completely out of the question.
Erik Fyrwald: Yes. And I think if you look at my experience, which the last 16 years as a CEO, we’ve had a lot of positive experience with bolt on acquisitions that clearly fill a strategic gap and are integrated well, thoughtfully, carefully and done in a way that enhances the company’s performance immediately, doesn’t distract, doesn’t take us backwards like you’ve seen that’s happened over the last six years here.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lisa De Neve with Morgan Stanley. Lisa, your line is now open.
Lisa De Neve: Hi, everyone, and thank you for taking my questions. I have one follow-up and one question. So, one follow-up on the CapEx program, sorry, one more. Can you just please provide some detail on your digital investments including the ERP system? And can you please share how this will improve or impact your organization? And also whether there’s any risks to execute and implementing on the CRP system in particular? And the second question I have is really how has your position with local and regional customers versus multinational customers evolved over the last couple of years? And can you share your exposure to these type of customers and how dynamic they are multinationals at the moment? Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Great. So, let me take the first question first and just tell you that we are taking an ERP approach that is very step by step and very careful to minimize wasted investment and also to minimize risk of implementation.
Erik Fyrwald: Just give you a couple of examples. So, the first step in our corporate ERP system development was implementing something called CFIN, our finance system, which we’ve done already. It’s already in place. We’ve done the improvements, and it’s getting better and better and enabling us to better do our closes with less people and less complexity and less corrections. The next step was just implemented in this past week called Workday for the HR systems. That’s going as planned so far, going very fine. And then we’ll do additional steps in the coming three years. So, we’re doing it step by step to spread out the investment and spread out the manpower the focus required on it and to make sure that we do it well with minimum risk.
Glenn Richter: If I could just add two comments. So, we will be converting we’re currently on three incidences of SAP. We will be converting them probably over the next five years into a single pipe, if you will. We will be leveraging one of the legacy IFF pipe, if you will. That’s going to be approximately $250 million over that five year period to get that done. It’s very important to also add to Erik’s comments is we actually have already separated one of our ERPs, we’re on four a little over a year ago with a divestiture basically of our microbial control business and we want to get basically pharma out of the way before we sort of launch on the ERP conversion. So, think about this the second half of the year, once pharma is done, we’ll be in a good shape. It’s about $50 million a year over the next five years.
Erik Fyrwald: Now on your second question, the way I would look at it, I’ve just been all around the world, and I’ve met with customers representing over a third, probably about 40% of our revenues with our people, and many of them top to top discussions with major global multinationals, regionals and locals, talking about what we do well, what we need to do better and how we can even more closely work together on innovation, cocreation of their product lines. And I tell you, I’m very excited about the desire of customers, global multinationals, regionals, locals to work with us, to tap into our innovation and our people capability to do that is really, really strong. And so what I believe is that our history with the large multinationals, our understanding of the markets around the world of what works has enhanced our ability to better serve them as we focus more on customers, as a core part of what we do in our innovation powerhouse, but also as we increase our commercial capability, better serve them and the regionals and the globals.
Glenn Richter: Excuse me, the regionals and the locals, which will enhances our ability to drive our growth rates ahead of the market. And that’s a core part of our strategies for each of our business units.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Lauren, your line is now open.
Lauren Lieberman: Hey, thanks. Good morning. So, two quick questions. One was just, you guys have historically given forward quarter guidance for sales and EBITDA and you didn’t for 3Q. So, I was just kind of curious, should we expect a change in that policy and approach? And then secondly, it was just on gross margins, if we could walk through the bridge to get to the 500 basis points of margin expansion beyond lapping the LBK? Like was deflation raw materials a benefit? I know you mentioned productivity gains a bunch in the release and the slides, but just how should we maybe think about gross margin progression in the back half and any detail on some of those productivity programs could be helpful too? Thanks.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Good morning, Lauren. We actually did provide outlook for Q3. So, we guided top line of $2.75 to $2.85 and then relative to EBITDA $5.20 to $5.40 for the quarter. So, that’s the outlook for the quarter. Relative to progression on gross margin for the balance of the year, we had more significant upside in the first half of the year because of absorption LBK and other items. We still are forecasting a solid improvement year-over-year in terms of our gross margin for the second half of the year. And, it’s going to be driven by volumes won’t be quite up as much. So, that’s a little bit of let’s say a difference versus the first half. But, the productivity programs are continuing to deliver consistently quarter-to-quarter in the second half versus the first half. The net raw material basket is generally flattish in terms of where we are running from the first half to the second half going. So, we don’t really see any significant upsides relative to that nor do we see downside at this point in time. So, hopefully that’s helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan. Jeff, your line is now open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Two questions. Was there a diminishment of your volume growth in July or how were your volumes in July? How do they compare to the second quarter? And, to try Lauren’s question once again, your cost of goods sold was down 9% on flat to down sales. How much were your raw materials down? I know you said that they would be flat sequentially into the second half.
Glenn Richter: Sequentially, yes. So I’ll answer. Our total net price in the business largely concentrated in Functional Ingredients is around 2.5% in the first half of the year versus prior. That’s equivalent to basically the reduction in raw materials year-over-year. So, we basically use that to reinvest. Again, that’s largely concentrated in Functional Ingredients. So, the other businesses are relatively flat year-over-year from a raw material standpoint. July started off well. I would note that we have a very good start of the quarter. However, Jeff, in the last two quarters, the pattern has been a very, very strong first month and then it diminishes second and third, generally the third month of the quarter, and this is our outlook, tends to be the softest. We believe is this is just consistent with our customers sort of managing their inventories tighter at the end of the quarter. So a good, good start in terms of July, but that’s been consistent with what we’ve seen as a pattern in the last couple of quarters.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Laurence, your line is now open.
Dan Rizzo: Hi, guys. This is Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. Just one question. So I mean, can we expect any more potential divestitures? Are there certain businesses where maybe you’re making them or improving them just so you can sell them because they’re non-core?
Erik Fyrwald: We are focused right now on the divestiture of pharmaceuticals and doing that well. We’re also going through this strategy refresh for each of our other businesses. And today, our total focus is on performance and performing those well, enhancing the growth rates of our Health & Biosciences, fragrances, Scent business and Flavors businesses and turning around our Functional Ingredients business. As I mentioned before, as we separate pharmaceuticals, we’ll give you an update if there’s any change in our strategy. But right now, we’re totally focused on performing well in 2024 and strengthening for ‘25 and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. There are no questions registered at this time. So, I will pass the call back over to Erik for closing remarks.
Erik Fyrwald: Just let me thank everybody for joining the call today. I’m very proud of our IFF team and the improvements that we’re making to deliver not only today but to strengthen our innovation and our productivity and our customer focus to not only deliver in the second half but further strengthen for ‘25, ‘26 and beyond. So, thank you for your interest in IFF, and have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF first quarter earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin. 
Michael Deveau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's First Quarter 2024 Conference Call. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. 
 During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance and outlook. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K and press release. 
 Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in the press release that we issued yesterday. 
 With me on the call today is our CEO, Erik Fyrwald; and our Executive Vice President, CFO and Business Transformation Officer, Glenn Richter. We will begin with prepared remarks and then take any questions you have at the end. 
 With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Erik. 
Jon Erik Fyrwald: Well, thank you, Mike, and hello, everyone. I'm excited to join you all today to discuss our solid performance in the first quarter and what we are seeing across the business so far this year. Today, we'll focus on our financial results, our outlook for the balance of the year and our increased confidence in our reiterated guidance, where we now see us trending toward the upper end. 
 Now before moving forward, I want to acknowledge Glenn, who today is announcing his plan to retire at the end of 2024 after 3 successful years with the company. During his tenure, Glenn has driven multiple actions to improve our balance sheet and position the company for financial success. We've benefited from his experience and commitment to transformation and his ongoing leadership to position IFF to drive long-term profitable market share growth. He has also been very helpful to me already as I've come on to the IFF team. 
 Now with this announcement, we have started a succession plan to evaluate internal and external candidates to succeed Glenn. The Board and I are grateful for all Glenn has helped IFF accomplish and look forward to his continued leadership as we identify a successor and ensure a smooth transition. 
 Now turning to Slide 6. We are off to a good start at IFF. We achieved volume growth for the first time since the first quarter of 2022 as volumes grew mid-single digit in the first quarter of 2024 with strong contributions from Scent, Nourish and Health & Biosciences. We are also encouraged by the double-digit comparable adjusted EBITDA growth as we not only benefited from volume growth but also from productivity gains across our businesses. 
 At the same time, we made important progress focusing our portfolio with closing the divestiture of the cosmetics ingredients business and the announced sale of our Pharma Solutions business. We expect to complete the pharma transaction in the first half of 2025. The proceeds from these divestitures will help further strengthen our capital structure, address our deleveraging goal of 3x net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA and refocus us on high-growth areas of our business. 
 With our solid performance in the first quarter and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we are cautiously optimistic about the remainder of 2024 and now expect full year 2024 results to trend toward the higher end of our previously announced guidance ranges. It's still early in the year and there's a lot more work to be done, but we are focused on building on our momentum to energize our team and return to sustainable profitable growth. 
 Turning to Slide 7. Let me take a step back for a moment and share what I've learned during my first 90 days here at IFF. Now I've spent time getting to know our teams all over the world and meeting with many of our customers. And I'm grateful for the productive discussions. 
 And what I found is that IFF has lots of top talent and incredible innovation capabilities. But we're not yet realizing our full potential. With a new leadership perspective on our priorities and a renewed focus on execution by our executive leadership team, we are getting back to basics, and I'm optimistic about what we will do from here. 
 First, we are strengthening our balance sheet and capital structure to create the flexibility we need to achieve our long-term goals. My assessment is we have not consistently delivered on our financial commitments largely due to a need for more strategic and organization operating model clarity to enable us to better execute against our goals. 
 I think we are now getting the clarity we need and have taken some decisive steps in the first quarter to help us start to realize more of our potential. We recently rightsized our quarterly dividend to align with the market and our long-term cash flow generation and have made divestiture moves, including cosmetics and Pharma Solutions, to focus our portfolio and drive debt reduction. 
 We also recently announced and are implementing our refocused IFF operating model, which is now business-led, supported by lean functions. This includes the appointment of Ana Paula Mendonça, who has dedicated her career to the advancement of fragrance at IFF, as the President of Scent. This enables Simon Herriott to focus his full attention on driving profitable growth in our Health & Biosciences business unit. We will also put more focus on our Flavors and Functional Ingredients units within our Nourish division. 
 With this operating model change, we have also changed the reporting structure of several of our functions, including R&D, operations, finance and HR, to go directly into our business unit presidents, so they have the full end-to-end responsibility and accountability for business execution. Their goals will include delivering growth above market with a margin structure that gets us in line with or better than leading peers. 
 Now to make this work, we have also established an operating system which is a simple set of management processes that collectively define how IFF makes decisions and creates value, provides a framework for standardized processes, responsibilities and metrics and defines the tools to help managers drive continuous improvement. We believe this will create greater visibility to track performance, so we drive execution to deliver results in the current period in ways that strengthen us for the coming years. 
 We are also introducing an operating philosophy based on four main pillars: number one, customer focus to drive profitable market share growth; number two, innovation powerhouse to create sustainable new products and other innovations customers value and do this faster; number three, operational excellence to lead our relentless focus on safety, quality, continuous improvement and competitive cost structures; and four, people, people who are engaged across the organization. 
 We expect that our business-empowered model and operating system will enhance collaboration to profitably win with customers, and by doing so, deliver strong financial performance over time. And while it's still early, I am pleased and encouraged by the energy and commitment of our teams all around the world. 
 With that, I'll now pass it over to Glenn to dive deeper into our results for the first quarter. Glenn? 
Glenn Richter: Thank you, Erik, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. As Erik mentioned earlier, we're encouraged by the momentum across our business as we start the year, and we are excited to continue to build on these positive early signals throughout 2024 and beyond. 
 In the first quarter, IFF generated roughly $2.9 billion in sales. On a comparable currency-neutral basis, sales increased 5% year-over-year. Our strong quarterly revenue performance was led by mid-single-digit volume growth with sequential improvements across most of our businesses, including Scent, Health & Biosciences and Nourish. 
 Pricing was modestly positive, inclusive of FX-related pricing in emerging markets, in particular the Argentine peso, where we, like the industry, have indexed pricing to U.S. and/or euro exchange rates that drive pricing changes. Absent of this benefit, pricing would have been negative in the quarter, largely in line with our plan. 
 We delivered strong profitability in the quarter with adjusted operating EBITDA of $578 million. This represents a 20% increase on a comparable year-over-year basis, led by volume growth and the contribution from productivity initiatives. As a result, margins improved by approximately 310 basis points to nearly 20% adjusted operating margin in the quarter. 
 Turning now to Slide 9. I'll dive deeper into the business performance across our segments. In Nourish, sales increased by 3% on a comparable currency-neutral basis with strong double-digit growth in Flavors with improvements in both volume and price. And we saw very strong growth in our Flavors business across nearly all markets. 
 Functional Ingredients volume was up low single digits, the first time since the fourth quarter of 2021. Overall, comparable currency-neutral sales declined year-over-year due to our planned pricing actions. In terms of profitability, productivity gains and volume growth drove a 13% increase in comparable adjusted operating EBITDA with solid gross margin improvements in both Flavors and Functional Ingredients. 
 Our Health & Biosciences segment had another strong quarter with both top and bottom line growth. Solid performance in our H&B portfolio, led by double-digit sales growth in Cultures & Food Enzymes, Animal Nutrition and Grain Processing and mid-single-digit growth in Home & Personal Care, drove a 6% increase in comparable currency-neutral sales. Improved volume and productivity gains led to a 21% increase in year-over-year comparable adjusted operating EBITDA. 
 Scent delivered another excellent quarter, including 16% growth in comparable currency-neutral sales, driven by double-digit growth in Consumer Fragrance and Fragrance Ingredients and mid-single-digit growth in Fine Fragrances. The segment also excel in terms of profitability, primarily led by volume growth and productivity improvements, which delivered an outstanding adjusted operating EBITDA growth of 55% on a comparable basis. 
 Lastly, in Pharma Solutions, while we saw some improvements from productivity initiatives, these were offset by lower volumes driven as expected due to continued destocking trends, which began late last year. It's worth noting that part of the destocking trend in the first quarter was market-related and the other is due to Pharma Solutions' initiative to reduce reliance on distributors and convert more of its core excipients business into a direct distribution model. 
 We believe the shift to a more direct approach will enhance our customer relationships, reduce supply chain complexity and provide greater access to technical resources while also improving margins. Also, as mentioned, we agreed to divest the Pharma Solutions business as part of our portfolio optimization efforts and are confident the business will be positioned to thrive and succeed in partnership with Roquette. 
 Now on Slide 10, I'd like to discuss our cash flow and leverage position. Cash flow from operations totaled $99 million this quarter while CapEx was $118 million or roughly 4.1% of sales. In the first quarter, normal seasonality impacted our free cash flow results. As a reminder, Q1 is usually the lowest cash flow quarter of the year as we make annual cash bonus payments in March. 
 Our free cash flow position totaled negative $19 million in the quarter versus negative $48 million in the year-ago period. We also paid $207 million in dividends through the end of the first quarter. Our cash and cash equivalents totaled $764 million, including $32 million in assets held for sale. 
 IFF continues to make progress in our deleveraging efforts and reduced our gross debt by almost $1 billion versus year ago for a net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA ratio of 4.4x at quarter end. Our trailing 12-month credit adjusted EBITDA totaled approximately $2.2 billion. 
 Please note that the proceeds from the sale of LMC of $810 million were received in April and consequently not reflected in the quarterly results. With the announced Pharma Solutions transaction, we are confident that we will achieve our net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA target of 3x following the transaction close, which we expect will be completed in the first half of 2025. 
 On Slide 11, I'd like to now turn to our outlook for 2024. Based on our improved financial and operational performance in the first quarter and our expectations for the balance of the year, we remain cautiously optimistic about the year ahead and, as Erik mentioned, now expect results to trend towards the higher end of our previously announced guidance ranges. This reflects our belief that volumes will also be towards the high end of our previously announced 0% to 3% with improving trends across the majority of our portfolio. 
 We also saw pricing increases due to FX-related pricing in emerging markets in the first quarter, and therefore, raised our previously announced pricing guidance to approximately 1% for the full year 2024 versus previous expectation that pricing would decline approximately 2.5%. With these foreign exchange rate changes, we now expect currency will have an adverse impact of 3% to 4% versus 0% to 1% as previously expected on our sales growth, which is essentially offsetting the FX pricing contribution. 
 On the bottom line, for 2024, we are now trending towards the high end of our previously announced adjusted operating EBITDA guidance range of $1.9 billion to $2.1 billion. This assumes continued improvements in volumes as well as strong productivity. While it is still early in the year, volume trends are encouraging, and consequently, we have increased confidence in our ability to achieve our full year guidance. For the second quarter, we expect sales to be approximately $2.75 billion to $2.85 billion, driven by improved volumes with an adjusted operating EBITDA of approximately $500 million to $525 million. 
 I'll now turn it back to Erik for closing remarks. 
Jon Erik Fyrwald: Thank you, Glenn. Now as I shared at the top of the call, my first 90 days on Team IFF have been energizing as I see so much potential. We have great talent and capabilities across our global teams, and our solid top and bottom line results from the first quarter show that we are building positive momentum. And it's an honor to lead IFF during this transformative time, and I am encouraged by our positive start to the year and our outlook. 
 Yet we still have a lot of work to do. As the market continues to be very competitive, we are committed to bringing products and innovation that differentiate us from our peers and give customers what they need to win and, in turn, helps them and us drive sustainable profitable growth. And with a solid start to the year, I'm excited to see what we can accomplish going forward. 
 And with that, I'd like to now open it up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. 
Matthew Hettwer: This is Matthew Hettwer on for Kevin. It's nice to see a strong start to the year. Erik, could you give us some additional context and detail regarding how you've seen the individual businesses react to your new operating philosophy through the first 90 days? 
Jon Erik Fyrwald: Yes. Thanks for the question, Matthew. As you probably know, I've been on a listening tour or a discussion tour since right after the January 11 announcement of the change of my joining IFF. And it's been really great to hear from our employees all around the world and our customers all around the world. And what I've discerned from that is that we've had multiple companies coming together with different operating models, different philosophies. 
 And there was significant uncertainty about the organization structure and how we were going to do things. And what we've done is the executive leadership team has come together very nicely, and I'm very proud of the team, and we've been able to together clarify the structure and operational model that we have going forward and the four pillars that we're focused on to drive our performance. 
 We've had town halls all around the world, both live and by video. We've touched all our employees. We've spent special time with our leadership. And I think we've gotten really clear on how we're moving the company forward. And what I love about it is I feel the engagement of our people around the world. I feel their energy growing. 
 I think there's great acceptance and enthusiasm for the empowered business unit model, for the focus on customers that the job of all of us is to support our teams to win with customers and help us profitably grow our market share and then also drive our innovation that, at the core, we're an innovation company, and we need to make sure that we have leading innovation that we're bringing to our customers, and it's innovation that customers value. 
 And then finally, that we also have healthy productivity, productivity that helps us strengthen the company and invest more in growth and in innovation and doing that with smart productivity, things like reducing consultants, reducing layers, driving functional shared service centers, where it makes sense, using technology, information technology. So my feeling is that there's great capabilities, great people in this company. And the executive leadership team is coming together to try and do all we can to unleash that full potential of our people all around the world. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nicola Tang with BNP Paribas. 
Ming Tang: Firstly, Erik, you talked there about sort of the change in operating model. Can you talk a little bit about portfolio? And following the announcement to divest Pharma Solutions, do you intend to pursue any further divestments? Or is that it for now? 
 And then if I could squeeze in another one for Glenn on cash flow, are you still confident in your free cash flow target of $500 million for the year or $700 million on an adjusted basis? And is there potentially upside, given the upward revision, was it the high end, that you see in terms of the EBITDA guidance? And could you explain what drove the increase in trade receivables in the quarter? 
Jon Erik Fyrwald: Okay. I'll start and then hand it over to Glenn. And thanks for the question, Nicola -- or questions. So on the portfolio, first of all, the Pharma Solutions business will be with us for another year. And we see a lot of opportunity to further strengthen the performance of Pharma Solutions over the next year and then beyond that with Roquette. 
 But then we have the other four business units that we're going to really focus on driving forward, of course, with Nourish, both the Flavors and the Functional Ingredients. We have the Scent business and we have the Health & Biosciences business. All our focus now is on supporting those businesses to perform well, to drive profitable market share growth, to drive healthy productivity, to make sure that we're bringing leading innovation and deliver the best performance we can in the second quarter, full year 2024, but do it in ways that strengthen us for '25 and beyond. 
 We're also going through a strategy review process for each of the businesses. And we'll take a look at what it takes to win in each of those businesses in the coming years and what we have to do investment-wise and making sure that each of the businesses has the right portfolio to win going forward. So you'll hear more about that in the coming quarters and years. But right now, our focus is all on making sure we've got the right strategy, the right capabilities in each business, the right collaboration, culture across businesses and are winning with customers by bringing leading innovation. Glenn? 
Glenn Richter: Thanks, Erik. Thanks for the question, Nicola. We're actually trending more favorable in terms of our full year outlook for free cash flow and adjusted as well. As mentioned, a combination of earnings momentum -- actually, working capital is actually performing better than planned, and we expect actually some improvement and then just some timing on taxes. We're probably going to be closer to $600 million versus the $500 million. 
 I would note that, that also includes higher Reg G costs related to pharma. So we gave you a $200 million number in Feb that did not include pharma for obvious reasons. The heavy lifting, as Erik mentioned, is the balance of this year separating systems, legal entities, et cetera. That's roughly about $100 million. So on an adjusted basis, $900 million on a free cash flow reported basis, directionally, $600 million. Thanks for the question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. 
Joshua Spector: I wanted to ask on your expectations of volume cadence. I mean, clearly, very strong first quarter, so congrats on that. But I think some of the comps on a year-over-year basis actually get a bit easier. So is there something you'd call out that you would say is a headwind we should consider? Or would you characterize your view as just conservatism? 
Jon Erik Fyrwald: Thanks, Josh. And let me start and then Glenn can give you more details. But as I see it, still fairly new coming into the company, clearly, CPG company volumes are still soft in the U.S. and the EU. And so we can't expect a whole lot of market tailwind growth. I do think we've seen the end of most of the destocking outside of Pharma Solutions. And Glenn alluded to the Pharma Solutions destocking, both a market destocking and our change in channel strategy. But bottom line is we can expect a lot of growth from the marketplace, although there are some emerging markets that we're going after that are seeing very attractive volume growth. 
 But overall, our focus has to be growth through bringing leading innovation and winning business with customers. And I've heard a lot already about commercial projects that we're winning. But we're also going to increase the focus and understanding the projects that we didn't win. Why didn't we win them? What does it take for us to be even more successful with our customers and win even more projects and bring that leading innovation so that customers are growing their market share profitably and we're growing with them? Glenn? 
Glenn Richter: Thanks, Erik. Again, Josh, I think, as Erik mentioned, until we see a strengthening in the consumer environment, which has yet to appear, and until we have a few more months underneath our belts, it's sort of hard for us to be sort of incredibly optimistic on the second half. As a reference point, the first half volumes of circa 4% to 5% and the second half, basically 1% to 2%. 
 As a reminder, the first half of last year, because of the aggressive destocking, was down 9% and the second half, down 5%. So a little bit of it is the lapping as well as we sort of think about providing guidance. But I think the end market, as Erik said, we need to see greater strength there before we're sort of more confident in higher volume growth in the second half. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. 
Michael Sison: Really nice start to the year. When I think about the first quarter EBITDA run rate and EBITDA margins, really good improvement of 20%. Guidance would sort of imply that the levels fall sequentially. So any sort of one-time positives during the first quarter that wouldn't reoccur? And just curious if demand and volume levels remain here, why wouldn't EBITDA margin stay sort of in this 20% range for the rest of the year? And congrats on retirement, Glenn. 
Glenn Richter: Thank you, Mike. So good question. So 20% for Q1, sort of the implied balance of the year is around 18.5%. That 150 basis points of change, half of that is related to volume and mix, inclusive of LMC. So LMC, you take out about $12 million per quarter and about $25 million of revenue. So it's relatively high margin. So everything normalized, that gets you from the 20% down to basically 19% in a quarter. 
 The residual 75 basis points really is a little bit more net price-to-cost realization in Q1 versus the forecast and then just some timing of expenses. But to answer your direct question, if volumes were to maintain, then we should be somewhere in the 19%, probably 19%-plus range, for the balance of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citi. 
Unknown Analyst: This is [ Eric Zhang ] on for Patrick. What are your expectations for price/cost for the full year? The price guide seems to be a bit -- seems to be a small net positive if you net out FX. Are there any areas where you're getting structural pricing? Or is this just less giveback than you expected? 
Glenn Richter: Yes, Eric, you're right. I mean, the full year, we're expecting a small net positive, as I mentioned, little more biased towards Q1 than the balance of the year. Our pricing actions, which were largely givebacks this year, were highly focused in the Functional Ingredients space. We are tracking well against the expectations that we set for the year. We do believe that the improved performance in the business is in part related to these pricing actions on top of the other actions. And we don't see sort of any additional kind of pricing for the balance year at this point in time. 
 And then in general, if we look at sort of the inflationary environment for the balance of the year, it's pretty stable. I think commodities are flattish to maybe a tad up. Generally, energy is trending down, particularly in Europe. And logistics is trending slightly up, particularly ocean freight, given what's happening in the Red Sea. But generally, stability and, as we mentioned, a little more positive net price in the first quarter than the balance of the year. Thank you, Eric. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. 
David Begleiter: Erik, does the improvement in Functional Ingredients market turn in this business? And looking forward, can the entirety of this business return to prior level of sales and earnings? Or is there some portion of business that will not due to low-cost Asian competition? 
Jon Erik Fyrwald: Thanks for the question, David, and glad to be back with you again after some years. Absolutely, it marks the beginning of improvement in the Functional Ingredients business and very pleased to see that after a long, tough spell. And what I would say is that we are putting more focus on the Functional Ingredients business. And I'm very pleased to see the start of what the team are working really hard to make a sustained turnaround.
 And in addition to better execution, which is happening, we are doing a strategy refresh and looking at all the product families and our systems approach across the Functional Ingredients business. And we are focused very much right now on delivering a strong improvement in 2024 but also what it takes to make sure that, that improvement continues into 2025, starting with the second quarter '24, then the third quarter, but the full year of this year, but doing -- making sure that we're doing the right things to strengthen for '25 and beyond. 
 And you'll hear more about that in the coming quarters. But it is the start of a turnaround. I'm very pleased with the progress that the team is making, the actions they're taking both with customers and on productivity. And we'll see how good we can do in '24 and then we'll focus on 25, but making progress. 
Glenn Richter: Yes. And I would just add to that, David, as we've mentioned in the past, we've stated we didn't think we're going to get to sort of full recovery until '25. We're pleased by the start of this year. A lot of the service elements are 100% back to where they should be. Pricing actions have been effective, more innovation in the pipeline.
 The last piece of the equation is on the cost side. And we're going through a very extensive review of our manufacturing and procurement operations. That probably will be implemented late this year into early next year as the final piece to get to the margin structure in terms of where we need to be. Thanks for the question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. 
Adam Samuelson: Would love to get your perspective on volume trends by region in the first quarter and if there's anything you would call out as notable areas of outsized strength or weakness versus the portfolio as a whole up mid-single digits. And I think we could probably exclude pharma from that discussion. And again, given that first quarter performance, is there anything where the regional performance would differ materially kind of over the balance of the year? 
Glenn Richter: Adam, good question. Regionally, we have seen greater strength in the combination of Asia and LatAm, so more of the emerging markets from a volume standpoint and sort of across the board, generally a little softer in North America and in EMEA. That's probably not dissimilar than what others are seeing in the marketplace.
 If we look by business, Scent had a phenomenal start to the year, 9%-plus volumes, Nourish and H&B in the 4% range. As we think about the balance of the year, we're not planning on Scent continuing at these very, very high levels, so some softening from these and then a little bit softer for H&B and Nourish and then pharma actually improving because they were down about 9% in Q1 and actually getting to flattish as we move into Q2 and the balance of the year. But generally, where we're seeing the regional balance, more emerging market, we're expecting that to continue at least through the second quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho. 
John Roberts: Best wishes, Glenn, thanks for all your help. Erik, IFF has had more opportunities than most companies to promote from within for the CEO and CFO positions. Do you think there's anything that needs to change in the organization to develop a deeper bench, so the C-suite transitions are smoother? Or is there just a culture on the Board to look outside for C-suite positions? 
Jon Erik Fyrwald: Well, thanks for the question, John. And I think it's a really important one. To me, the most important thing we do as leaders is make sure that we have the right talent in the company, that we develop the right talent and we give them the opportunities through promotion to continue to advance their careers. And so I always prefer internal promotions. But sometimes external talent needs to come in to fill gaps or when we don't have the right talent inside.
 But I can tell you that, like at Syngenta, I very much want to have my successor come from inside when I do retire at some point. And also, I'll just point out that the one significant executive leadership change that we've made so far was Ana Paula Mendonça being promoted to run the Scent division as President of Scent. And if you look at her background and if you talk to the people across the company and customers, there was great enthusiasm for her promotion, and I like that. So I will continue to work with the executive leadership team and with the Board to make sure that we're developing the right talent inside the company to make sure that we promote from within wherever we can. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. 
Ghansham Panjabi: I guess, Erik, first off, on the -- as you sort of meet with customers and go on your listening tour, et cetera, how would you sort of objectively assess the moats of the residual businesses that are going to be part of IFF going forward? And then just related to that, in terms of Scent, what did drive the first quarter in terms of high performance, especially Consumer Fragrances? Was that sort of share gains? And if it was, what was that driven by? 
Jon Erik Fyrwald: Thanks, [ Laurence ]. It's also good to be back with you. We had some history that dates back quite a ways. The way I would say it is that in the businesses that are remaining, we've got a lot of great innovation capability and a lot of really terrific people that understand customers, have consumer insight capability. So we have the people and the capabilities, including the innovation capabilities, to be very successful.
 And what I would say is -- and even talking to our people but also our customers, we haven't realized our full potential. And that's what it's about. It's the leadership team working to unleash the full potential by making things, decision-making clear, by having businesses be end-to-end, be able to drive clarity in their strategy and then clarity in their execution, but at the same time, having a collaborative culture so that we can collaborate across businesses, wherever it makes sense, to enhance our ability to bring solutions to customers or to drive healthy productivity. 
 And so I believe that we're doing well with that, but we've got a lot more potential to unleash. And I think if you talk to people across the company, I think you'll find a lot of enthusiasm about what IFF is doing and what more we can do going forward.
 Specifically on Scent, I think Scent has been a unit that has stayed focused largely on customers, that has brought a lot of innovation to customers. I've spent a lot of time with the perfumers in this company. We've got world-class perfumers. And I just am so proud to be part of this company with such great perfumers that our customers value. I've spent time with CEOs of leading CPG companies that have named our perfumers by name because they're so important to their success. 
 And so making sure that we're bringing not only our perfumers but the whole team around the perfumers to help co-create great new fragrances and fine fragrances or great new consumer products, whether they're shampoos or detergents, laundry detergents or dishwash detergents or floor cleaners or body wash, whatever it is, the scent, I've learned, is such a critical part of the success of the consumer product.
 And our great perfumers and the teams around them, bringing great scent technology and great formulations to help the customers develop leading consumer products, has really been what's driven the growth. So I expect under Ana's leadership and with the super team that she's got, I expect that continued strong performance to continue. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Salvator Tiano with Bank of America. 
Salvator Tiano: If I remember correctly, you had talked about $150 million productivity gains for the year. So can you talk a little bit -- can you quantify what was the benefit in Q1? What do you expect for the rest of the year? And given obviously the strong gains in the first quarter, is this number upsized for the rest of the year? 
Glenn Richter: Good question, Salvator. We are trending at around $200 million full year in terms of productivity and, hence, some of our commentary about guiding towards the higher range of our EBITDA guide. And that's about $50 million per quarter. So it's fairly ratable in terms of kind of the achievement. I would note, as we've said in previous calls, we have made tremendous progress with our operations and procurement leadership teams in really driving a very disciplined approach that is taking cost out, everything from SKU rationalization to literally looking plant-by-plant in terms of best practices. And behind that -- and by the way, there's plenty of additional opportunities. As I mentioned, we're taking a [ zero-based ] approach to our ingredients platform, which will provide additional opportunities. 
 And behind that, we've really been looking at opportunities within RSA that have been focused on leveraging our global shared services, really focusing on our indirect spend, so getting every dollar out we need and then continuing to advance technology as a way to basically automate eliminate work. So that piece of it is actually picking up speed as well. So we feel very good about $200 million. And I would suggest, as we look out into the future, we're going to continue to deliver pretty strong productivity numbers. Thanks for the question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lisa De Neve with Morgan Stanley. 
Lisa Hortense De Neve: Congratulations on the strong first quarter. My first question, so with the announcement of the pharma division, which is expected to complete in the first half of next year, can you just share where you see potential scope for optimizing your balance sheet position and maybe where you see some debt that could be reduced or be up for redemption or that may not require any refinancing?
 And then I'm going to sneak in a second question. So during the presentation, you mentioned that your finance and HR departments, amongst others, are now directly feeding into your divisions. Can you shed some light on their compensation structure of the variable pay they may or may not receive and what key KPIs they have to deliver on this? 
Glenn Richter: Sure. Lisa, this is Glenn. So we're in the early innings of deciding sort of our liability management strategy. As you know, we will bring in circa net proceeds of $2.4 billion from pharma. Coincidentally, we have maturities cumulatively for '25 and '26 that are $2.4 billion. But we're actually taking a more holistic look, and we're actually going to be balancing the trade-off between interest cost savings, notional debt repayment, so how we think about basically bringing in some of the cheaper debt, as well as refinancing risk. 
 So we'll think about bringing some towers down as part of that. So there'll be more to come as we get closer to finalizing the close of the deal. But we are sort of thinking about not just the immediate maturities but how to optimize the structure going forward. So with that, Erik, I'm happy to take the next question. Do you want to take the next question? 
Jon Erik Fyrwald: Yes. So on the functions feeding into the business units, reporting into the business units, it's clearly being done so that the business units can drive their performance. And there will be no changes to the 2024 plan because everybody is set and clear about it and we're not making changes. 
 But effective in 2025, those functions that we're reporting corporately that will be reporting into the business units will be incentivized on the business unit performance. As a large part of their incentives, they also, of course, continue to have a corporate element to encourage overall corporate performance and collaboration across business units. And the more senior level the people are, the more their corporate component.
 But clearly, what we want to drive is business unit alignment and everybody on that business team driving their business unit's performance but also collaborating to enhance their business unit's performance and the total company performance. I would also say that there will continue to be corporate functional leadership that ensure that we're doing functional best practices across the business units and that each of the functional people have great career opportunities across the company. 
 So it will be a combination. But clearly, each business unit is going to be highly incented to drive the performance of that business with collaboration that enhances their business performance and the business performance of the other businesses. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel. 
Mark Astrachan: Two clarifications and a question. So it sounds like there was a lot of benefit in Scent volumes in the quarter. I guess, that partly explains the big EBITDA number and growth rate on a year-on-year basis. So is it fair to say that, that, specifically the Scent EBITDA growth, will normalize as we head through the year?
 And I guess, broader picture, same thing on the total business. And if you could maybe tell us how much you think the 1Q volume growth had to do with channel refill from the reversal of destocking and how much is really what your customers are ordering from you, that would be helpful. 
Glenn Richter: Yes. So your second question, Mark, hard to definitively understand kind of what's going on downstream in terms of the supply chain. However, I think in general, there was a little bit of volume that went from Q4 into Q1, but directionally probably less than 0.5 point. We were reducing prices, as you know, in certain segments. So customers decided to push some orders into Q1. But I think it's fairly de minimis. In general, the feeling is that there's not any restocking in the marketplace. There's an absence of destocking. But there's no view, I think, generally, in terms of the customers are restocking at this point in time.
 In terms of your question on Scent volumes, Scent had a very strong first quarter. Note that it was stronger in consumer versus fine. So that makes that sort of mix-neutral versus the enterprise from the standpoint. And as mentioned, we just -- we're not anticipating that those high single-digit volume gains will continue through the balance of the year. So that is a piece that's basically reflected in our balance of the year guide being lower from a volume standpoint. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. 
Lauren Lieberman: I had two questions. First was just on the Nourish performance in the quarter and volumes being up. Food industry volumes are still quite weak. So I was just kind of curious if you could square for us your performance outside of inventory rebuilding versus kind of what we're seeing in end market demand.
 And then the second thing was, Erik, very helpful to hear kind of the update on org structure and the direction you're moving in. I was curious though, that's a little bit backwards question, the org structure that was in the process of being set up, and Glenn, you were obviously a part of that, I understand the notion that it's not -- it's been deemed not the right path forward, but there were surely merits to that plan. 
 There were elements there that were going to bring something positive or there was an intention. So I'm just curious what, if anything, you think you could give up or forgo in not pursuing that model and if there are ways to kind of bring that into the structure org that you're going to be setting up? If that didn't make sense, I can try to clarify. 
Jon Erik Fyrwald: No, no, I'll start and then Glenn can add to it. First of all, in the organization structure, the idea was to have market-based organization structure. So for example, Health & Biosciences would have been split up into four different units. As we've come together as an executive leadership team and talked about it, the belief is that you gain the most by having -- making sure that your innovation, that your R&D engine is -- stays within the business and the manufacturing and the commercial so that you have that end-to-end and you're going to customers with expertise that they can connect all the way back to R&D and what we call IC&D, the innovation, creation and design capabilities that we bring, that really needs to stay within a business and be there end-to-end.
 Now we have different businesses that hit the same markets. So Home & Personal Care, both our biosciences business and our Scent business have a lot in common with customers. So we'll continue to have a global key account leader for large accounts that will represent the company, but then we'll have experts from the business units coming into that account and working with that account, which is what the accounts want. They want both that overall IFF relationship, which by the way, will include the presidents of the businesses, will include me and others, but that coordinated. But they want to see the experts that really know the innovation details that can bring that innovation to them. And that's what these end-to-end business units will enable us to bring. 
Glenn Richter: Yes. So if I can add, the original premise, which actually predates me, Lauren, was that combining Flavors and Ingredients would represent a significant "revenue synergy opportunity" through cross-sell. And the axis was put on synergies as opposed to how do you optimize the individual businesses. That is being shifted the other way, where the reality is these businesses will run much, much better with a single focus either on Flavors or Ingredients.
 As Erik said, there are other mechanisms to help cross-sell, particularly with the global key accounts, as a way to develop long-term plans, et cetera. But we've seen it just firsthand in terms of the more that we get our Ingredients team sort of focused on only Ingredients, it does deliver results. So I think that's the big shift from 3-plus years ago, when the view was put together.
 And to your first question, very early innings, by the way, although cautiously optimistic. Our trends in terms of our Flavors business were 4-plus percent volumes and the Ingredients business were 3.5%. From what we can measure in terms of our competitive set on both sides of the house, we feel that we're at parity or gaining share based on the quarterly results. I would caution, particularly on the Ingredients business, it is early. There's a lot of remediation in that business. But it's encouraging that we're starting off relative to our peers in a good place. 
Jon Erik Fyrwald: And what I would just add to that is, I think Flavors, it was really a good pipeline that the commercial team was able to land. And in Ingredients, it was a combination of a strengthening pipeline but also pricing actions that led to regain some share that was lost due to overpricing increases. And now we've recovered some of that with some price givebacks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. 
Laurence Alexander: Just want to follow up on the comments about sort of the inventory dynamics downstream. If you look a little bit further out, what are you hearing from customers about either them shifting their innovation strategies and therefore having more demand pull for your product or longer term, they're needing to reset inventory levels in terms of working capital days or other metrics? And then would that be a net tailwind or headwind for you from current levels? 
Jon Erik Fyrwald: So in the last -- since I've joined, I think I've met with more than 20 customers, maybe 30 customers. And very consistently, what we're hearing back is that they're pivoting from being able to grow with price increases to now needing innovation and innovation being more important than ever. 
 And that's a good part of why it's so important for us to have end-to-end business units that can bring that innovation quickly and aggressively because that's what our customers want so that they can continue to profitably grow their business. They have to have more innovation. That's what they're looking for, that's what they need and that's what we're going to deliver. So that's how they're going to grow and that's how we're going to grow. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Given your revenue forecast for the second quarter, which at the midpoint is down about 5%, are your April volumes down 5%, on a sequential basis, that is? Or can you talk about what's happened sequentially? And then second, when you look at your first quarter performance versus your fourth quarter performance, your revenues were up about $200 million and your cost of goods sold was up, I don't know, maybe $30 million. Can you discuss what the dynamic is behind that, which allowed your... 
Glenn Richter: And Jeff, that second part of your question, was it Q4 to Q1? What was your reference point? 
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Yes, exactly right. Yes, because there's not much change in cost of goods sold and revenues were up a couple of hundred million. 
Glenn Richter: Yes, yes, yes. Well, there are a number of timing elements in the fourth quarter and sort of the mix of the business in the fourth quarter vis-à-vis Q1. Generally, the productivity and net price dynamics are very similar, so I'd say the fundamentals were. But you really have some mix dynamics and then some one-time items related to that as we think about Q4 to Q1.
 Yes, you referenced, I think, the decline. Decline sequentially is about $100 million from Q1 to Q2. About 1/4 of that basically is associated with the absence of LMC in the mix. The other part is just sort of the outlook in the business, a little bit of seasonality in terms of the business as well. Versus prior year, to remind you, this time last year, we had savory solutions, we had FSI. We also had LMC in the mix. So there's a pretty substantial sort of reduction in revenue on a year-over-year comparison.
 Volumetrically, your question about what we're seeing in the second quarter, we're obviously well into the middle of the quarter at this point. We're anticipating a 5% to 6% all-in volume growth versus the 4% for Q1. April was an extremely good month. But last year, it was an extremely lousy month. So there's a bit of an overlap from that standpoint. But May and at least the June book at this point is trending towards that basically sort of, call it, 5%-plus in terms of the performance for the quarter. Thanks, Jeff. 
Operator: There are no questions registered at this time. So I will pass the call back over to Erik for concluding remarks. 
Jon Erik Fyrwald: Thank you all for joining today. Let me just close with two comments. First of all, Glenn did announce his pending retirement. But I just want to make sure, he's not leaving yet. There's lots more work to do. And we're enjoying him as part of the ELT, executive leadership team, to get us unleashing our full potential.
 Second point is it's really great being part of Team IFF. We've got terrific people, great innovation capabilities. And we're going to do all we can to unleash our full potential and try to delight our customers, our employees and our shareholders. Thank you very much. 
Operator: That concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Participants will be announced by their name and company. In order to get all participants an opportunity to ask their questions, we request a limit of one question per person. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's fourth Quarter and full year 2023 Conference Call. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the results can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance and business outlook. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K and press release both of which can be found on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release. With me on the call today is our CEO, Erik Fyrwald; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Business Transformation Officer, Glenn Richter. We will begin with prepared remarks and then take any questions you may have at the end. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Erik.
Erik Fyrwald: Thank you, Mike, and hello, everyone. I'm excited to join you all today. I would like to begin by sharing some initial perspectives since joining IFF. I will then turn the call over to Glenn, who will provide a look at the fourth quarter and full year 2023 financial results before providing commentary on our current outlook for the full year 2024. After that, we'll open the call for Q&A. Now I officially joined IFF on February 6th, and I have been impressed by the world-class teams globally and the strong innovation across our company. I spent the last few weeks visiting our operations and teams in some of our U.S. and overseas businesses. I spent that time listening to our teams, meeting many of our customers, and assessing the current status of our businesses. IFF has a proud history as a global leader in high-value ingredients and solutions and a great platform from which-to-build and expand our partnerships with customers across the value chain to help them create leading consumer products. I believe in our purpose to help create a better world through science and creativity applied to sustainably meet customer and consumer needs. The opportunity we have ahead of us is very big, and that is why I joined IFF. We have solid businesses and will take the actions needed to unleash our full potential to start to deliver profitable market share gains by bringing great innovation to win with our customers. A perfect example of this is in our scent business, where we have been outperforming competition, something we must do also across our other businesses. IFF also has other high-quality businesses such as flavors and health and biosciences where we will leverage our innovation to deliver higher growth rates with very attractive profitability. And in some of our challenge businesses, such as functional ingredients, with focus and attention, we can significantly improve performance. In both instances, we will do so by putting the business first, eliminating unnecessary processes and overhead, driving empowerment and strong leadership. And by doing so, IFF will be a more innovative and customer-centric organization that will be effective and efficient. We also must be better executors, focus the IFF team away from distractions to continuously grow market share across all our businesses, put more of our investments into our high-return businesses and transformative R&D initiatives and our IT infrastructure, and achieve our capital structure targets by reducing outstanding debt. And when we do this, over time, I see strong upside and value creation for all IFF's stakeholders. Moving to the next slide, I'll walk through the achievements and factors that marked IFF's progress through the fourth quarter and full year 2023. Now, throughout the past year, IFF FERC [ph] have continued to take important steps to strengthen our financial and operational foundation and position this company to deliver value for the near, mid, and long-term. Our performance in the fourth quarter demonstrates progress. While reported sales were down, comparable currency-neutral sales increased 1% and comparable currency-neutral EBITDA grew 17% with an adjusted margin expansion of 260 basis points. We've also seen notable improvements in volume trends across the majority of our business segments in the second half of the year, enabling us to perform within previously stated guidance ranges for full year 2023 sales and adjusted operating EBITDA. Now, with this progress and the improving performance through the second half of 2023, we exited the year on solid footing, and we are optimistic about our ability to build on this momentum and are targeting getting back to year-on-year growth for the full year 2024 while strengthening for 2025 and beyond. Now, as I said earlier, we are committed to reducing our level of debt. We have therefore announced an update to our dividend policy to reduce the quarterly dividend by approximately 50% to $0.40 per share. This is not a decision the board and management have taken lightly, as we know the dividend is important to shareholders. However, it will enable us to reduce debt faster, strengthening our capital structure, which will create additional long-term value. This will also give the company greater financial flexibility, which will, when required, give us the ability to make more high-return growth investments. I'll now turn it over to Glenn. Glenn?
Glenn Richter: Thank you, Erik, and hello, everyone. Moving to slide seven, as Erik mentioned, the board and management have taken this opportunity to accelerate the improvement of our capital structure as we work towards our deleveraging target of three times net debt to credit-adjusted EBITDA. Consequently, we reduced our quarterly dividend to $0.40 per share. We believe this dividend change provides a dividend yield that is consistent with industry peers and is aligned with IFF's long-term cash flow generation and target payouts. The dividend remains an important part of our capital allocation framework, and we expect this new base to grow alongside our profit over time. IFF remains committed to providing competitive returns to our shareholders and firmly believes these actions set us up for more durable value creation in the long-term. Now, on slide eight, as Erik mentioned, our performance for the fourth quarter reflects the operational and strategic initiatives that our team has implemented over the last several months to deliver strong results amid an uncertain operating environment. Despite some continued challenges in the market, volume trends continue to improve sequentially, with increases in nearly all businesses resulting in growth for total IFF. IFF generated $2.7 billion in sales, representing a 1% increase in comparable currency-neutral sales. This improvement reflected strong growth in our scent business with continued volume pressure in Nourish and Pharma, both impacted by de-stocking. Volumes continue to improve sequentially from down mid-single digits in Q3 to down low single digits in Q4, and if excluding the impact of functional ingredients, volumes for the fourth quarter would have increased low single digits. Adjusted operating EBITDA total $461 million in the fourth quarter, a 17% increase on a comparable currency-neutral basis. We also realized a year-over-year increase of approximately 260 basis points to our comparable currency-neutral-adjusted operating EBITDA margin. This growth in EBITDA was supported by both internal steps IFF has taken, including continued gains and efficiencies from our productivity initiatives and favorable net pricing. Before moving on, I wanted to share that we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $2.6 billion for the fourth quarter related to our nourish business. The primary drivers of the goodwill impairment are related to lower business projections due to volume declines, mainly in functional ingredients, continued cost inflation, and unfavorable foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Now moving to slide nine, taking a closer look at our profitability performance for the fourth quarter, we delivered $461 million, which equates to a robust comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA growth of 17%. I'm happy to report that in Q4, IFF realized strong productivity gains and in conjunction with favorable net price to inflation, helped us overcome ongoing volume pressures to deliver against our objectives. Importantly, IFF has remained focused on executing upon our productivity program to improve our operational effectiveness and efficiency. In 2023, we continued to launch additional steps as part of these programs while also making strategic investments in key growth areas. Now on slide 10, I'll provide a closer look at our performance by business segment during the quarter. In nourish, sales declined 3% on a comparable currency-neutral basis as strong growth in flavors was offset by continued softness in functional ingredients. While functional ingredients remained the main driver of weakness for nourish in the quarter, it is worth noting that we again saw meaningful sequential improvement. In terms of profitability, the positive impact from our ongoing pricing actions and productivity initiatives drove improvements and led to a 3% increase in comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA. Health & Biosciences continues to show robust top and bottom line growth. Price increases, volume growth and productivity gains led to growth across most H&B business segments led by double-digit growth in health. Overall, H&B delivered a comparable currency-neutral sales increase of 5% year-over-year and a 35% year-over-year increase in comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA. Our scent segment continued to deliver a very strong performance in Q4, including 11% growth in comparable currency-neutral sales, driven by double-digit growth in consumer fragrance, as well as mid-single-digit growth in Fine fragrance. Like Health & Biosciences, scent also saw significant growth in adjusted operating EBITDA, increasing 34% on a comparable currency-neutral basis, driven by favorable net pricing, volume, and productivity gains. While Pharma Solutions experienced significant pricing and productivity gains, these improvements were offset by lower volume, driven primarily by continued de-stocking trends, as well as strong year-ago comparison. This led to comparable currency-neutral sales declining 10% and comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA declining 13% in the quarter. Turning to slide 11, I'll discuss our progress in improving our cash flow and leveraged positions. In the fourth quarter, cash flow from operations totaled $1.44 billion, a significant increase from the previous year, reflecting the strong improvement in inventory levels. CapEx of the year was $503 million, or approximately 4.4% of sales. Our progress on working capital improvement, led by an intense focus on right-sizing our inventories, helped enhance our free cash flow position, which saw a sequential increase of over $500 million, totaling $936 million for the full year and ahead of expectations. Included in our free cash flow is about $430 million of costs, primarily related to integration and transaction-related items. We also delivered $826 million in dividends to our shareholders in 2023. Our cash and cash equivalents totaled $729 million, including $26 million in assets held for sale in Q4. Additionally, we realized a $200 million sequential reduction in gross debt, which totaled approximately $10.1 billion for the quarter, with a net debt to credit-adjusted EBITDA a 4.5 times, our trailing 12-month credit-adjusted EBITDA totaled approximately $2.1 billion. With the announced sale of our Lucas Meyer Cosmetics business, which we still expect to close in the first quarter of 2024, the right-sizing of our quarterly dividend and additional portfolio actions we are planning to make, we are taking decisive action to strengthen our balance sheet and achieve our leveraged targets. On slide 12, I'd like to now turn to our outlook for 2024. Due to a combination of improvements across our business and in the broader market toward the tail end of 2023, we are cautiously optimistic about the year ahead. For the full year 2024, we expect sales in the range of $10.8 billion to $11.1 billion. This reflects our prudent approach to volume expectations and the impact of modest negative pricing in 2024, which is largely isolated to more price-competitive categories such as functional ingredients and fragrance ingredients, given lower input costs and competitive dynamics. We expect overall pricing to decline approximately 2.5% in 2024, following a 10% increase in 2022 and a 6% increase in 2023. Strategically, we believe this will position us to be more cost-competitive in the market and allow us to regain market share in select businesses. In terms of volume, the visibility to the degree and pace of the recovery remains a bit fluid and has been explicitly incorporated in our 0% to 3% range. The most significant variable impacting this range will be the pace of recovery in functional ingredients. However, this is a marked improvement from 2023, where we finished down mid-single digits and '22 we were down low single digits, as we believe our industry will return to more normalized growth rates. On the bottom line, we expect to deliver full year '24 adjusted operating EBITDA between $1.9 billion and $2.1 billion. Our guidance assumes not just improved volumes from 2023, but also solid profitability and a margin expansion across our segments. We are hyper-focused on continuing to execute our productivity initiatives to help mitigate expected inflation, primary labor costs, and incentive compensation reset, while continuing to reinvest in the higher-return businesses. It's also worth noting, we have some benefit of one-time items such as the negative impact in 2023 from the inventory reduction program and the previously announced write-down of inventory related to Locust Bean Kernel or LBK that will not repeat in 2024. In particular, there was an approximately $130 million impact from the negative absorption in 2023 related to our inventory reduction program and some volume declines, which is down from an estimated $165 million we provided in the third quarter. A portion of this will be offset by higher annual incentive compensation expense as we reset our payout to target levels in 2024. While there's still work to do, efforts to bolster our financial profile and portfolio are providing effective, and while its hard to predict the timing and details of the market recovering and its impact on our results, we see opportunity for improvement in 2024 with all divisions targeting better volumes, with improvements in profitability and margin expansion across all four divisions. For the first quarter, we expect sales to be approximately $2.7 billion to $2.8 billion, with an adjusted EBITDA of approximately $475 million to $500 million. Throughout 2024, we will be relentlessly focused on our efforts to optimize our portfolio, improve financial performance, and reach our deleveraging targets. I'm confident that the actions taken in 2023 and our outlook for improving performance in 2024 will position IFF to capture significant value creation. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Erik for closing remarks.
Erik Fyrwald: Thank you, Glenn. I'm truly excited to be joining IFF during this transformative time for the company. I have long admired IFF as the category-defining leader in the industry, and it's an honor to be able to work alongside our talented global teams to help us navigate and even thrive at a critical moment for our company and our industry. Through robust efforts from our teams worldwide and shared commitment to putting the customer at the center of all we do, IFF will continue strengthening our commercial execution and become a more nimble and efficient organization. Our global teams made progress towards ensuring we can meet the evolving needs of our customers and deliver industry-competitive returns, and we will accelerate the progress going forward. While 2023 was a challenging year, our financial results in the fourth quarter highlight an improving trend. Based on this performance and some improving market conditions, we are expecting a return to volume growth this year, which should enable EBITDA growth and margin expansion. Our updated dividend policy and the additional divestitures we continue to work on reflects our commitment to improve our capital structure. While the global economic landscape is uncertain, IFF will be focused on strengthening our execution, and as I said, we have work to do to improve our businesses and achieve our vision, but I am confident we are well-positioned to build on our progress and create sustainable value for all stakeholders in 2024 and beyond. I'd like to thank our teams and partners for welcoming me to IFF and look forward to seeing what we'll achieve in 2024. With that, I'd like to now open the call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Your line is now open.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hey, guys. Good morning. And Erik, first off, congrats on your new role.
Erik Fyrwald: Thank you.
Ghansham Panjabi: I guess my question is on your fiscal year '24 EBITDA guidance, and I'm hoping that you can sort of bridge on a year-over-year basis the differential between '24 and '23. And also, Glenn, highlight what changed relative to the variances you highlighted from your three-queue conference call back in November, apart from just the fixed-cost absorption you cited. And if you could also just give us a sense as to what the embedded volumes are by segment as it relates to the low-single-digit volume guidance for '24? Thanks.
Glenn Richter: Sure. Yes, good morning, Ghansham. Easily done and a frequently asked question. So if you'll indulge me, I'll start with last year's results at 1980. There are two adjustments to get that to a normalized basis. One is the divestitures, which you're aware of. It's a half a year of savory solutions in FSI, and the LMC will be closed at the end of the quarter, so it's roughly three-quarters of LMC. That's roughly $78 million of normalized impact. And the other factor, which is the same, basically, we had discussed before, we also have included our updated view of foreign exchange, that's $50 million reduction. I'm not sure that was previously discussed from a standpoint. So that gets to a like-for-like base of $18.50. Our volume mix impact for this year is forecasted to be $170 million positive. That is inclusive of the $130 million of positive overlap on absorption. As we noted on our call, that actually came down as the fourth quarter volumes were higher from a production standpoint, so that was slightly different than we had guided. Our net price for the year is basically is zero. That is inclusive of the $44 million of LBK, so that's netted in that number. We can certainly talk more about the pricing dynamics this year. Then we have about a $35 million reset for AIP, so that's a negative, but that's better than we thought. We thought that would be in the 70 range from the standpoint. So I think all of the one-timers being absorption slightly lower, the negative reset on AIP is slightly lower, FX is new, and then the deals basically were all known. The last items are sort of wage, inflation, that's about $120 million, and the productivity is about $150 million in the P&L, so that's sort of consistent with our three-year view. So that adds up to the midpoint of our range of $2 billion. And then relative to the volume question, I think it's very simple to think about our view of this year. The functional ingredients, which is circa less than 25% of the business, we are projecting that to be relatively flattish for the year. All the other businesses actually have growth directly in the 2% to 3% range on a full year basis, a little bit more slower in the beginning of the year and ramping up in the latter, but that's why we mentioned. As we think about that range of guidance, it's functional ingredients is the area that probably gives us the most pause and we've been the most cautious, and that sort of is the difference between the high end of the 3% versus the 0% range. So hopefully that answers the question.
Operator: Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Next question.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Your line is now open.
Josh Spector: Hi. Good morning.
Glenn Richter: Hi, Josh.
Josh Spector: Hey. So I just wanted to -- hey, so I wanted to ask on the dividend. So I think it's been pretty clear that it's been a pretty big use of cash for a couple of years now. So, really the question is, why was now the right time versus when you looked at that probably a year ago or maybe two years ago? And what does that mean as it relates to the divestment strategy or timing? Has anything changed as you think about what's next?
Erik Fyrwald: So this is Erik. First of all, I wasn't here a year ago, obviously, but I did arrive on February 6th, looked at our entire situation, talked to Glenn and his team, talked to the board, and made the decision to go ahead and cut the dividend now. I think it's a wise move in terms of our overall balance sheet efforts to get our balance sheet in great shape, and it doesn't impact the divestment timing or strategy. We continue to work on our portfolio optimization, but obviously we're focused even more on working on strengthening the businesses, increasing our earnings and cash flow.
Operator: Thank you.
Erik Fyrwald: Next question.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gunther Zechmann with Alliance Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Gunther Zechmann: Hi, and Erik, welcome back to the public market as well. Erik, what are your priorities for this year? I appreciate you've only been in the role for a few weeks, but for this year maybe also beyond when I think about the portfolio and the balance sheet, please. And in addition, how do you think about IFF's midterm targets? And lastly, Glenn, what is your free cash flow guidance for 2024, please?
Erik Fyrwald: Thank you, Gunther, and glad to be back in the public market. My priorities for 2024, I should say, our priorities for 2024 are to continue the portfolio optimization work and have that be part of improving our balance sheet. But again, more importantly, we're going to strengthen each business. We're going to make sure that each business is clear on how they can strengthen their customer focus to profitably grow market share, strengthen the R&D and innovation in each business so that we better delight customers with our innovation so that we bring innovation that they value, that we can grow our market share with them. And then thirdly, we're going to keep driving productivity and strengthen productivity in each business unit and then also corporately. We want a very effective and efficient back office. What will reduce the amount of engagement we've had with consultants, advisors, and others that have caused us to be too internally focused. We're going to get back to focus on winning with the businesses by better serving our customers than our competition. In terms of how I'm thinking about the midterm targets, it's too early for me to comment, but I'll look at them with the team here and we'll do it by business and then we'll roll it up for the company and we'll get back to you in the not too distant future on that, but on the last one, Glenn?
Glenn Richter: Yes. Hey, good morning, Gunther. Our projected free cash flow for this year is $500 million. I would note that that's inclusive and an expectation of $100 million of taxes for the sale of LMC and carryover for savory and then another $100 million for other restructure one-time items. So there's 200 of Reg G, but net of the 200, we're at $500 million for your free cash flow.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. And Erik, congratulations on your role. Erik, two things.
Erik Fyrwald: Thanks David.
David Begleiter: First, can you comment on pressure ports that a sales process for pharma solutions is underway? And secondly, in addition, it's 2.5% reduction in pricing you're forecasting in '24. All the pricing you expect to give up versus the roughly 19% pricing you've achieved over the last three years on a cumulative basis? Thank you.
Erik Fyrwald: I'll take the first one, and, Glenn, you can have the second piece, because I'm not that familiar with the details at this point, but I'm getting into it. But in terms of any portfolio optimization, we're not going to comment on rumors. All I can tell you is we continue to work on portfolio optimization, and we will not sell a business at a price that doesn't make sense, but we're looking at what does make sense for IFF and for our employees and any business that we might consider divesting. So with that, Glenn?
Glenn Richter: Yes, thanks. Good morning once again, David. As you point out, we've got three years of very significant pricing to reflective of the inflation environment of 18%, 19% cumulatively. 2.5% is all we're anticipating. That actually reflects sort of overall price decline. So as I mentioned, that price is sort of zero in our P&L. It is highly concentrated in the functional ingredients and the scent ingredient space. And we've been extremely surgical in terms of where we needed to give it back. And at this point, we're pretty much locked in to most of our pricing for the year at this point. So that actually feels like a pretty safe number relative to the plan.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Lisa De Neve with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Lisa De Neve: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. So the question I have is two-fold. I mean, how is IFF positioned versus peers? I mean, does it expect to go in line with the market, in line with its direct peers, or believe that it's actually better positioned and this year, but also maybe more structurally? And next to that, how should we really think about delivery of the functional ingredients optimization and efficiency program for this year? And I have a small follow-up on the pricing. So on the negative pricing in fragrance ingredients, have your customers come back for pricing here? And are your peers offering the same price reductions or comparable price reductions? Thank you.
Erik Fyrwald: Thank you, Lisa. And I'll take the first part of that question. I've looked very hard at the data over the last five years, and clearly we have underperformed, as all of you know. We have pockets of strength, scent as an example I mentioned in the opening comments, but we have some businesses that are challenged, like food ingredients. What I can tell you is we're going to have each business be very clear on what is their strategy to win. How are they going to delight their customer set and make sure that we profitably grow our market share? How are we going to make sure that we have our innovation targeted and needs the customer's value? And how are we going to make sure we're driving productivity? So each of the business end-to-end, how do we drive the businesses? And as you know, we've got strong businesses in great markets, like our flavors and our fragrances or scent business, terrific businesses that should be able to fully compete with margins and growth rates with Givaudan and others. We've got a strong business unit in Health & Biosciences in great markets, and we should be able to fully compete with margins and growth against Novonesis. In our challenged businesses, we've got very good markets in food ingredients and protein solutions, and we should be able to be fully competitive with Kerry and other food ingredient players. And we've got a very good business and very good markets with pharmaceutical ingredients, and we need to be fully competitive with our ingredients set there, Ashland and others. So, we have not performed as a company, across the company in the last five years like we should. In the next five years, we'll get back on track.
Glenn Richter: Hey, Lisa, this is Glenn. Let me address your second question regarding functional ingredients. So from past conversations, 2021-'22, we had a number of missteps on our part that caused this business to step backwards. Since that, we've been working on basically four major items. One, getting service levels up to the right standard. I'm happy to say for the last year plus, service levels have been at 95% plus across all the business and across the entire globe. Secondly and perhaps most importantly, is getting volume back on track, which is combination of our sales execution pipeline. As we mentioned, that has dramatically picked up over the last year in getting our pricing right in the market, we just talked about that. We've been very smart this year thinking about market-by-market, product-by-product, what makes sense to be competitive, to win and retain business. We feel much better about that. The third item has really been around sort of our general go-to-market strategy, and as Erik has mentioned, be much more focused across the ingredients team, making sure that they own the results. Lastly, it's cost. So we have been really focusing on all of the costs, but largely the 85% that sits in cost of goods. So it's skew rationalization, raw material consolidation, manufacturing footprint consolidation, taking out fixed costs, et cetera, and we're making very good progress. We are seeing successive improvements in volume quarter-to-quarter. Q2 last year was a low watermark. We're actually moving into sort of flattish as we start this year, and we're also continuing to see good expansion in margin. So we have a lot of work to do, as Erik mentioned, but we're beginning to see some progress in terms of what we've been doing. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nicola Tang with BNP Paribas. Your line is now open.
Nicola Tang: Hi, everyone. I just wanted to pick up on a few topics that were just asked by Lisa. On this pricing side, I was wondering if you could give a bit more detail on this expected price declines in functional ingredients and in fragrance ingredients, and whether you could expand on your comment on competitive dynamics in these markets. And then, in addition, on the volume side, I was wondering why you don't expect more in terms of year-on-year volume improvement bearing in mind, I mean, I guess the headwind of de-stocking and inflation that are clearly in the base in 2023? Thanks.
Glenn Richter: Thanks. Two very good questions. So on the pricing of our 2.5%, 80% of our downward pricing is concentrated in functional ingredients and the scent ingredients business. Those areas, by definition, are more commoditized, and in addition, those areas have seen some more meaningful deflation in terms of commodities. So it's natural. As I mentioned previously, we were doing a very good job of making sure we're competitive in the market by product, by region, and we feel good that that 2.5% sort of is reflective of the environment. The second question regarding why are we not more optimistic? Honestly, we're just cautious. We're very cautious and prudent given the environment. The last year was extremely bumpy. We do believe that de-stocking for most of our business is largely behind us, and we're seeing positive signs, but we need a couple of quarters of positive momentum, I think, and stabilization before we can move from cautious to optimistic.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
John Roberts: And welcome back, Erik, two-part or if I could. Is the functional ingredients business significantly different today than when you were at DuPont? It sounds like you think it's just more of a cyclical problem that can be addressed through productivity, but do you think there are structural changes you need to make there? And then, your predecessor was targeting going from four segments to three segments. Have you gone back to the whiteboard to start over on those plans, or was that nearing completion and there's just some fine-tuning left to complete it?
Erik Fyrwald: Thanks, John. And let me start with the first one. The makeup of our functional ingredients business is better than what it was when I had responsibility for that as part of agriculture and nutrition back at DuPont a number of years ago. So I believe our potential is significantly higher than it was then. I think that it's in a very good market. I think we've underperformed. And I think we've underperformed because we've been too internally focused. We've had lots of consultants. We've had lots of advisors talking about helping us to figure out what to do around synergies. And what I can tell you is, I've been in these businesses for many, many years, these types of businesses. The goal was not synergy. Synergy is a tool. The goal is to have a very clear strategy for our functional ingredients business. How are we going to profitably grow our market share with customers by delighting the customers with our solutions approach, with our innovation, and then do that in a productive way with our assets and our functions, very productive. We have the potential to significantly improve the performance of this business. I've spent time with our business leaders. I think they're headed in the right direction and we're going to further accelerate the progress and make sure that we profitably grow our food ingredients business and fully compete with our competitors, the leading competitors in food ingredients, because we have so much value to bring customers. If we do it right, when we do it right, we'll have a very good business. And then, in terms of the organization structure, no decisions today, but what I will tell you is I'm a big fan of business units that have end-to-end accountability and responsibility to drive all the levers of the P&L, making sure that everything we do is to delight customers, profitably grow our market share, but do it in a way that's efficient and effective so each business unit can win. And I find when business units are winning, all of a sudden synergies become clearer and become more powerful and easier to access. So we're going to ensure that our businesses are on the right track and that our synergies are additive to further strengthen each of our businesses.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is now open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, thank you and good morning. Erik, welcome back. Glenn, two questions from my side, please. Your Health & Bio segment margin was the best in more than three years. Can you just maybe rank order the drivers of the improvement there? And more importantly is the 30% plus level sustainable into 2024. And then secondly, what are your input cost trends and the outlook that you're baking into your guidance for this year?
Glenn Richter: Yes, so I think for the H&B had a very good year and that was a result of a progressive improvement in volumes. As we noted, the health business, one of our largest segments, actually had a very good fourth quarter. Secondarily, productivity, so we've driven a lot of productivity across the business. And third, really net price. So there's been -- to your second question, a decline in input cost in that business as well. So that got us to the 30% range for the business. I did note on the call that we are anticipating H&B like all four of our businesses that demonstrate both EBITDA growth and margin expansion this year. So we expect that to be the case for H&B. In general, our input costs, as I mentioned, are anticipated to be down this year. Energy is flattish at this point, logistics are down, and we're seeing some raw materials deflation. As a reminder, it takes about four months for a purchase to run through the balance sheet. So that's a positive momentum. That's a net zero, as I mentioned, for the overall enterprise for the year. So thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Laurence Alexander: Good morning. If end markets do not cooperate, can you provide more granularity on how you can de-lever in 2024 and 2025 in terms of reviewing business lines, Brexit, productivity relative to comp and so forth? And Erik, given your initial impressions on IFF operating culture and discussion around productive solutions, can you speak more to the mindset around productivity and R&D? Is it more about operational fixes, or do you see structural or philosophical issues around how the firm has targeted ROIC margins or profit growth?
Glenn Richter: Yes, thanks. This is Glenn. I'll answer the first part of your question. In general, we're pretty cautious on our outlook on volume. So we're, as I mentioned, flattish to three. So we haven't expected a giant recovery this year in our base case. So that's kind of a starting point. In the absence of that materializing, we have been very good at delivering productivity, as Erik mentioned in his opening comments. We are accelerating both ongoing efforts, and we have additional efforts underway to take costs out that aren't reflected in the plan. So that would be my second comment. Relative to the de-leverage, so that gives you some sense on the earnings profile and offsets if there's additional softness in the external market. The de-leverage will largely be accomplished through divestitures. As Erik mentioned, we are on path. We feel very good in terms of our activities underway, and we do think we'll accomplish our targeted divestitures, which will be the biggest driver of achieving our de-leveraged goal.
Erik Fyrwald: Now, on your second question, Laurence, my initial impressions of IFF's capabilities are we've got really great people. We've got really great capabilities in each of our businesses, and we have just under-performed. But there are pockets of examples where we are performing tremendously well that give me so much confidence that we can make this happen across the company. I spent time with the leadership of arguably the largest consumer products company in the world, where we have a very strong relationship, very much innovation-driven, their innovation people to make sure that the best consumer products are being developed. And we were meeting both with our scent teams and their fragrance team, and with our Health & Biosciences team and their consumer products teams. And it was the best relationship, the best dynamic that I've ever experienced in my 42 years of customer interactions. And then I had another interaction with the top management of a leading beauty care company in Europe. And same thing, our people were working hand in glove with their people to create great, great consumer products that consumers love. So we can do it. We do it. We just need to do it more across the company. And I'm really excited by helping our teams, stop being so internally focused, get more focused by business unit on winning with customers, and then collaborate where it makes sense to enhance across our portfolio, to bring even more to customers so that the customers win more and we win more. Now in terms of productivity, as Glenn mentioned, their pocket's there where we're doing very well, but there's more we can do on productivity. Ralf Finzel and his production team are really driving tremendous productivity in our operations, and it's still early phase, but they're ramping that up very nicely. We've already had efforts in back office productivity for our corporate functions. That's going okay, but we're going to accelerate that. You'll see more shared service centers and more activity with IT systems to make sure that we're effective serving the businesses and very efficient. So I love what I see. There's so much excellence here, but we've got to get it across the company, and we will.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citi. Your line is now open.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi, good morning. Just a question on the Q1 guide. So, it's about 487 [ph] 488 [ph] at midpoint in a seasonally weak quarter. And you noted some nice volume ramping productivity throughout the year. So even annualizing that is above the low end of the guide. So can you help us understand if that guide is just conservative? And then just a small follow-up, when do you expect to see the end of de-stocking within your Pharma Solutions business?
Glenn Richter: Yes, I'll start with the second. Generally, we've seen de-stocking basically, I'll say it's done everywhere with exception of pharma largely, and it's the second half of the year. Pharma just started late as an industry part of the de-stocking for logical reasons given the margin structure, but we do anticipate the second half of this year to be done with pharma. The Q1 we think is a very reasonable guide, 475 to 500. We have started off the year generally pretty good on the volume side, but we just want to be cautious as we sort of go through the quarter. Generally, the volume slightly lower than the average for the year, so that's a little bit of the impact there, Patrick.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning. A couple of questions on cash flow and investment. One, just wants to clarify on the deleveraging targets. It had previously been three times by the end of calendar '24. Are you no longer committing to that timeline? Second, the last slide of the deck references high return growth investment. Can you provide any more clarity on what those are, size, and timing of those? Then finally, Glenn, I think you said earlier a question, the $500 million free cash flow guidance for the year. Can you bridge $2 billion of EBITDA to $500 million free cash flow, but even acknowledging some deal-related charges, cash flow would be down year-on-year, and I just want to make sure I understand the context and implications of that?
Erik Fyrwald: Thank you, Adam. I'll start, and then Glenn can add on. First of all, I fully am aligned with and agree with a target of three times net leverage debt as a target to get to. I think the year end '24, I'd like to see us get there by the end of '24, but we're not going to do something stupid that destroys significant value to get there in '24, but I can tell you we're going to make very good progress at least towards that goal in '24. In terms of high return growth investments alluded to, I'll just reinforce that flavors and fragrances, we call it scent, and health & biosciences are strong business units in great markets. I've been in many chemistry and biological markets. These are great markets, and we're going to invest in them to win.
Glenn Richter: Yes. So hey, good morning, Adam. So let me take you through the cash flow reconciliation. It's a good question. And I'll start from the top with EBITDA. So the midpoint of our guide is $2 billion. We are forecasting $345 million of interest expense. Cash taxes are roughly $450. That includes the Reg G or transaction related. I'll back them out later. We have networking capital, slightly a negative. We're being a little cautious in terms of the overall full year. Part is just the growth of the business. And then there's miscellaneous, sort of others, about $100 million of other items to get an operating cash flow of $1.50 billion-ish. As we mentioned, we have a CapEx target up this year. We're trying to invest in our growth business of about $540 for the year. That gets us to a free cash flow, including Reg G of $500 million. I would note, as I mentioned, there's $200 million of Reg G items, $100 million of that's transaction, largely taxes, a little bit of other deal costs, but largely taxes. And then there's $100 million of other miscellaneous Reg G items as well. So that gets you to, if you back those out on adjusted free cash flow around $700 million for the year. The other note I'd say, Adam, the biggest shift year-over-year is networking capital. We had an improvement last year of $500 million. We're being sort of conservative and flattish to slightly down this year.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Mike Sison: Hey, good morning. Hey, Erik, welcome back. I'm sure you've seen several chemical businesses go awry over the years for a lot of different reasons. What's your sort of playbook in terms of turning around a business and clearly functional ingredients has been a sore spot here? Anything in particular you're going to sort of work on to get that business back? And then, just a quick follow-up on pharma, Glenn, since Erik's only been here a couple weeks. But where do you think margins can get back to for that business? The last two quarters have been pretty light relative to its historical past.
Erik Fyrwald: Well, thanks, Mike. And I'll start with the functional ingredients question. First of all, I like the functional ingredients business. It is a very good business with lots of opportunity to bring value to customers. And by having multiple elements of the solution set, you can bring value in terms of helping customers achieve their goals and what food products they want to have to delight customers, delight consumers. So I think what we really have to do here is, and the team is working on this, is make sure that we're clear on what is our strategy, how are we going to create value in this business, how are we going to make sure that we're focused on the right consumers, excuse me, the right customers in the right way, profitably growing our market share, and how do we make sure that our assets are very competitive, that our costs are very competitive, that we're driving productivity so that we can be competitive with our product portfolio both in terms of the value we bring and the costs to deliver that value. And then we're spending money on innovation. We've got lots of great innovation. Make sure that innovation is tied to real customer needs that they're willing to pay for that can be part of the solution set. And I think that we've taken our eye off the ball, as I said before, too much internal focus, listening to too many consultants going all different directions. We get clear what we're trying to do, what the goals are, and execute well against those goals. This business will significantly improve in 2024 and beyond.
Glenn Richter: Yes, good morning, Mike. Good to hear your voice. Regarding pharma, as you know, this business quarter-to-quarter can be a little lumpy based on demand. And fourth quarter is typically a lower volume quarter. The margins are always compressed seasonally for the fourth quarter, so it's difficult to look at that. We are very optimistic on the strength of this business and the go-forward plan. We do expect the business to be in approximately the mid-20s from an EBITDA margin this year from a standpoint. And there's tons of other initiatives to continue to drive up the margin further. So I think what you're seeing is a function de-stocking, idle mills, seasonality over the last couple of quarters, but just not reflective of the fundamentals of the business.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Mark Astrachan: Yes, thanks and good morning, everybody. I guess lots of questions, but I'll try to keep it narrow here. So today's IFF was created to provide a suite of products to customers. At least that was the initial idea in merging the legacy IFF into the DuPont business. I guess, Erik, how do you think about that as an effective go-to-market strategy? The corollary to it, we hear a lot from investors that this is arguably a better business, pre-even cruder on, is there a scenario where you can divest nearly all of those assets of the acquired businesses? How integrated are they? Is that possible? And sort of, just holistically thoughts on kind of all of that together, and then just one follow-up to you, Glenn, the flat expected plus three volumes, considering how easy the comparisons are, would still suggest that two years is strongly negative. How do you think about that from a competitiveness standpoint, meaning it would suggest that you're still losing share? And I guess, it's not across all of the businesses equally, but it's still a pretty stark difference relative to your closest peers? Thank you.
Erik Fyrwald: Okay. Thank you. I'll start by saying that I believe that the historical IFF plus the DuPont nutrition and biosciences business are stronger together than they were separately. The potential, the opportunity is greater than it was separately. So I believe in that combination very strongly. Now, as I said before, we haven't executed it well, and I've seen this happen before. When I got to Syngenta almost eight years ago, the seeds in the crop protection businesses had been mushed together, and the focus was on synergies versus having a great crop protection business and a great seeds business. We made clear that we were going to have those two businesses as business units, end-to-end business units. And as soon as we did that, we found out that we had been losing share, losing margin versus the competition. We started regaining that, and by the way, when the business units were clearing what they were trying to do, the synergies grew a lot because there were synergies. I see the same thing here at IFF as we're really good at flavors, at fragrances or scents, at health & biosciences, at food ingredients, those businesses, when they're performing well the synergies will increase, not decrease. The ability to help each other, the different businesses to help each other, to help customers more together will increase, but we've got to get the businesses performing extremely well by themselves and not have synergy of the goal, have synergy of tools. When we do that, I can assure you that the combination will be very strong.
Glenn Richter: Hey, good morning, Mark. Hey, thanks for the question. You're right, if you look at a three-year stack, we would still be negative over the three-year average by about 1%, 1.5% over, including if you hit the 3% this year. But I would note, as we said in the past, I think you have to sort of think about the performance of the business between 75% and 25%. 75% of the business, our core scent business is forming very well. Flavors has pockets of strength, H&B, both enzymes, probiotics, culture's business are doing well, pharma overall is doing well. It's really the other 25, which is functional ingredients we've talked about, that actually has been a drag on the overall results of the business. So if you separate that, I think you clearly have a very different view in terms of that three-year stack, and the 75% is nicely positive, and I would submit it's in line with competition. For the most part, we have opportunities, as Erik said, to perform better, but it's focused on that 25%. I also will note once again, as we're trying to be realistic, there's prospects that the markets improve more significantly. Certainly the start of the year knock on wood is pretty encouraging, but it's too early to call anything above that range until we see a consistency month-by-month in terms of volumes coming back. So, I appreciate the question.
Erik Fyrwald: The only thing I would add is that even in the 75%, there is significant improvement opportunity, and we've got businesses that are looking at that, and we're going to work with those businesses to support them, both for the businesses to win more and for the corporate cost overheads to be lower and more effective at supporting the businesses. So there is great opportunity, of course, in food ingredients to turn it around, but even the rest of the company to significantly improve performance, and we're going to do it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Salvator Tiano with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Salvator Tiano: Yes, thank you very much. I want to ask a couple of questions on the -- I guess, strategy shifts to grow that you mentioned a little bit more, a few more details. And essentially, as you're trying to reposition the business and gain market share that's becoming the clear focus. What would that mean for R&D spending, SG&A spending, and CapEx in the next few years, not necessarily 2024, but that's almost three or four-year basis? And you made a comment about the 2024 price, that's 2.5% negative, in part being because of competitive pressures, but also because it will allow you to gain some market share. So how are you thinking in this new strategy about the tradeoff between price and volume?
Erik Fyrwald: I'll start, and I think our R&D spend is significant today. I think if you look at what we spend, it's very competitive versus the industry leaders, other industry leaders, but I do think we can focus it better, connect it better to the business units and to customers, and ensure that the R&D efforts are fully aligned with the highest value needs that our customers have. So I think we can get more out of the R&D spend that we have, and where there are areas that we need to spend more R&D, particularly in health &biosciences and flavors and fragrances, we will spend more on R&D. On capital expenditures, I feel similarly that the level of capital expenditures are reasonable, but we have to look at where we're spending it and make sure that it's optimized and we're spending the capital in places that have significant returns, have very good returns, and strengthen the businesses where we need to win.
Glenn Richter: And I would just add to that, as we mentioned, we're going to be up about 8% year-over-year in CapEx, and at core operational CapEx, which is really supporting growth in our core products is up 10%. So we're in the right range from a CapEx, around 5% of sales in terms of what we need to maintain and grow the business.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time, so I would like to hand the call back to the team for concluding remarks.
Erik Fyrwald: Great. Well, thank you for joining the call this morning. Again, I just want to finish by saying that I'm thrilled to be at IFF. We've got a tremendous team at IFF. We've got great capabilities. We haven't performed to our potential in the past, but I can tell you we're all completely committed to making sure that we unleash the full potential of our businesses and drive the right kind of synergies that enhance each of the businesses, and make customers very pleased, delighted with what we bring in our innovation. And by doing that, possibly grow our market share and through their productivity efforts, make sure we do that with leading margins. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's Third Quarter 2023 Conference Call. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance and business outlook. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K and press release. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release. With me on the call today is our CEO, Frank Clyburn; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Business Transformation Officer, Glenn Richter. We will begin with prepared remarks and then take any questions you may have at the end. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Clyburn: Thank you, Mike, and hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On today's call, I will begin by providing an overview of our performance in the third quarter and an update on our strong execution to position IFF for long-term success. I will then turn the call over to Glenn, who will provide a more detailed look at our third quarter financial results by business and discuss our outlook for the remainder of 2023. We will then open the call for questions. Moving to Slide 6. Our third quarter story is one of sequential improvement. As we've discussed, improving volumes has been a top priority, and we are pleased with the sequential volume improvements that we have achieved across the majority of our business. On a total company basis, while our volume in the third quarter was down mid-single digits, it was a marked improvement from our Q2 lows where we saw a double-digit decline. Similarly, our enhanced productivity initiatives as well as favorable price to inflation led to strong adjusted operating EBITDA results. Sequentially, our adjusted operating EBITDA margin finished at 17.9%, which is a 50 basis point improvement versus the second quarter of 2023. And our focus on ongoing working capital improvements drove strong free cash flow generation. In particular, the continued execution of our inventory reduction program has resulted in more than a $600 million reduction in inventory since the end of 2022. This was the largest driver of our free cash flow, which improved $320 million versus the second quarter of '23. The net result is that we delivered higher than our expectations on both the top and bottom line. At the same time, our commercial excellence initiatives in our R&D platform continue to drive improvements in our sales pipeline. In addition, in Functional Ingredients, as discussed on our second quarter call, we are implementing a targeted operational improvement plan to improve sales execution, strengthen our operating model and reshape the portfolio. As we shared previously, we expect this plan for Functional Ingredients will translate into low single-digit comparable currency-neutral sales growth in line with the market and a mid-teen adjusted operating EBITDA margin over the next 3 years with a strong improvement in 2024. And while this will take time, we are seeing improvements in our volume performance, where we finished the quarter down mid-teens versus low 20% declines in Q2 of 2023. With this momentum, we have increased confidence in our ability to deliver within our previously announced full year '23 sales guidance range and we are now targeting the mid- to high end of our full year 2023 adjusted operating EBITDA guidance range. As Glenn will highlight, we are seeing signs of green shoots in the fourth quarter, with stabilization and improvements across several parts of our business. Lastly, we've made important progress against our portfolio optimization initiatives as we are rapidly addressing our capital structure. Most notably, aligned with our best owner mindset, we announced an agreement to sell Lucas Meyer Cosmetics to specialty chemical company, Clariant, for $810 million, which is equivalent to a high teens multiple based on our projections. We expect to complete the transaction in the early part of the first quarter of 2024, and all proceeds will support our deleveraging priorities. Moving forward, we continue to pursue strategic noncore divestitures that will drive further deleverage and enable us to further prioritize our fastest-growing margin-accretive businesses and deliver long-term value for shareholders. Moving to Slide 7. In the third quarter, IFF generated $2.8 billion in sales, representing a 3% decline on the comparable currency-neutral basis. A strong performance in Scent and Health & Biosciences was more than offset by softness in Nourish and Pharma Solutions. As I mentioned, volumes improved sequentially across nearly all businesses with particularly strong performance in Scent and Health & Biosciences. Excluding Functional Ingredients, which continues to disproportionately impact our results, overall volume declined low to single digits in the third quarter. Adjusted operating EBITDA for the quarter was $506 million, down 10% year-over-year on a comparable currency-neutral basis. Our favorable net price to inflation as well as enhanced productivity gains were more than offset by lower volumes due primarily to temporary customer destocking and unfavorable manufacturing cost absorption. Adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, was $0.89, primarily impacted by lower profitability. Now I'll turn it over to Glenn to provide more detail on profitability and our performance by business segment.
Glenn Richter: Thank you, Frank, and good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Taking a closer look at our profitability performance on Slide 8. As Frank mentioned, we delivered higher-than-expected EBITDA of $506 million in the third quarter. While we continue to benefit from favorable price to inflation and productivity gains, as you can see from the slide, ongoing volume pressures impacted our profitability in the quarter. While we are encouraged by the sequential volume improvement, we have seen across most of our portfolio, it remained the primary pressure in Q3. If we look at our profitability performance, absent the unfavorable manufacturing absorption related to our inventory improvement program, adjusted operating EBITDA would have declined 6% year-over-year on a comparable currency-neutral basis. Note that our negative absorption in the quarter was less than expected as our inventory reduction program for the year has run its course and volumes have improved. We have done a good job at driving working capital improvement through our inventory reduction program, driving more than $600 million reduction in inventory since the end of '22. As a result, at this time, we are now expecting approximately a $165 million impact from negative absorption to profitability for the full year, down from $180 million. This could also flex further as the fourth quarter unfolds. To reiterate, this is a onetime transitory impact to the P&L in order to maximize cash flow moving forward. Turning to Slide 9. I'll provide a closer look at our Q3 performance by business segment. In Nourish, sales declined 7% on a comparable currency-neutral basis, driven mainly by the continued weakness in Functional Ingredients. While Functional Ingredients remained a main driver of weakness in Nourish in the third quarter, we did see sequential improvement and expect this to continue as we move into the fourth quarter. Good growth in our Flavors business and the positive impact of IFF's ongoing pricing actions and productivity initiatives were more than offset by lower volumes and unfavorable manufacturing absorption. Together, this led to a 26% year-over-year decrease in comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA. Health & Bioscience continued to deliver strong results in Q3, led by meaningful growth in Cultures & Food Enzymes, Grain Processing, Home & Personal Care and Animal Nutrition leading to comparable currency-neutral growth of 2% year-over-year. Price increases and productivity gains led to a 12% year-over-year increase in comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA. Scent was once again our strongest performer, delivering 7% growth in comparable currency-neutral sales driven by double-digit growth in Consumer Fragrance and high single-digit growth in Fine Fragrance. Like Health & Biosciences, Scent also saw strong 19% growth in comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA with profitability driven by favorable net pricing and productivity gains. Pharma Solutions growth rate was pressured this quarter, in large part due to a very strong prior year comparison with a 28% 2022 sales growth comparison and a 76% '22 adjusted operating EBITDA comparison. Price increases and productivity gains for this business were more than offset by lower volumes and comparable currency neutral sales declined 9% and comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA declined 34% in the quarter. Now on Slide 10, I'll discuss our cash flow and leverage position. Cash flow from operations totaled $795 million, a significant increase, reflecting a strong improvement in inventory levels. CapEx year-to-date was $390 million or approximately 4.4% of sales. Our inventory reduction program and working capital improvements have also greatly contributed to IFF's improved free cash flow performance, which totaled $405 million, a significant increase of $320 million from the second quarter. Year-to-date, we also distributed $619 million in dividends to our shareholders. Our cash and cash equivalents totaled $652 million, which includes $23 million in assets held for sale. Additionally, gross debt for the quarter totaled approximately $10.3 billion, with a net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA of 4.6x. Our trailing 12-month credit adjusted EBITDA totaled approximately $2.1 billion. We are making good progress on working down our debt levels. And as Frank mentioned earlier, portfolio optimization remains a near-term priority as we work to reduce our leverage position and ensure our resources are focused on the businesses that will carry our success into the future. The sale of our Cosmetic Ingredients business, which is expected to close in the early part of the first quarter 2024 will further support our strength in capital structure as we pay down debt in line with our net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA targets. Now on Slide 11, I would like to focus on our consolidated outlook for the rest of the year. First, we are reaffirming our full year revenue guidance range of $11.3 billion to $11.6 billion, which reflects the improved momentum we are seeing across the majority of our business and accounts for the macroeconomic environment and foreign exchange impact, which we expect will persist through the end of the year. On the bottom line, we are now expecting to deliver full year 2023 adjusted operating EBITDA at the mid to high end of our previously announced guidance of $1.85 billion to $2 billion, driven primarily by favorable price to inflation and improved productivity. We also now expect full year interest expense to be slightly higher at approximately $450 million. Our projected effective tax rate for the year is expected to be approximately 21%, the same estimate we provided last quarter. Finally, as we look to the fourth quarter, we continue to expect an improving trend in the majority of our businesses as we navigate the macroeconomic challenges impacting our industry. We are seeing signs of green shoots in the fourth quarter, with stabilization improvements across several parts of our business. As we near the end of the year, I know many of you have questions on 2024. While the macroeconomic environment remains volatile with low visibility, we are optimistic heading into the new year. We have several known one-off items that we have high level of confidence will be tailwinds, including significant negative absorption related to our successful inventory reduction program and onetime Locust Bean Kernel inventory write-down. Also, we will continue to execute on our cost and productivity initiatives and have a carryover benefit from this year's restructuring program. These, of course, will be partially offset by a reset of our annual incentive compensation program where we have reduced payments in 2023 related to our performance versus target. In the end, improved volume performance will be critical to our success, and we believe that destocking will largely be done as we exit the year and we also believe we will benefit from acceleration of our strategic transformation initiatives. We will provide our 2024 guidance with our fourth quarter results, which we expect to be towards the end of February. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Frank for closing remarks.
Frank Clyburn: Thank you, Glenn. Let me start by saying that I am tremendously proud of what our teams have accomplished in the last quarter to advance our focused strategic initiatives and build a stronger, more resilient IFF. Our improved performance, productivity gains and reaffirmed financial guidance reflect the hard work of our global teams that continue to support our long-term vision. We executed against our strategic priorities in Q3, and we'll continue to take action in Q4 to build a stronger IFF, better positioned to accelerate growth, expand margins and deliver value for shareholders. Finally, looking at our business more broadly, we will continue to pursue portfolio optimization initiatives to strengthen our capital structure. As we've discussed previously, we are laser-focused on investing in our highest-return businesses while positioning our less margin-accretive businesses for success, either through new ownership or through focused improvement plans, such as those we're pursuing for Functional Ingredients. Our goal, as we move through the end of 2023 and beyond is to ensure that each of our businesses has the resources and where appropriate, the ownership most conducive to accelerating our growth, expanding our margins and maximizing our long-term returns as we continue to innovate for customers worldwide. With that, I will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein.
Gunther Zechmann : Frank, my question to you. Could you please talk about the development in the Functional Ingredients part of the business? It looks like a V-shaped recovery, but any color you could give around the moving parts within that business on the top line and the ramp-up, what you mentioned around the fixed cost measures that you're taking would be great.
Frank Clyburn: Gunther, it’s Frank. A couple of things. One, with regards to Functional Ingredients, the business clearly across all of ingredients is stabilizing, Gunther, and we saw good sequential improvement when I look at Q2 to Q3, in particular, in 3 of the biggest business lines, core texturants, some multipliers, sweeteners and protein solutions, good sequential improvement. So that’s a very positive sign for us. And obviously, those products are going into some of our key dairy and bakery end market categories. As far as the Functional Ingredient plan overall, we’re focused in 3 areas: one, enhance our go-to-market approach; two, drive operational efficiencies; and three, really reshaping the product portfolio. And since we’ve announced we’ve added targeted commercial professionals to pursue incremental opportunities with our customers, we’ve also reviewed our organization and we’re in the process of adjusting our operating model, Gunther, to drive greater efficiencies throughout. And at the same time, we have completed a full review of our product lines, and we’re in the process of investing behind our strongest products as well as rationalizing those that are underperforming. Team is urgently acting to drive better performance across Functional Ingredients. And the net result of this Gunther will be – we’re very confident we can grow sales in line with the market and deliver a mid-teen adjusted operating EBITDA margin over the next 3 years. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo.
Mike Sison : Nice quarter. Frank, deleveraging is an important part of your thesis going forward. And can you maybe provide an update on your divestiture process? I think there's press out there that Pharma potentially is up for sale and how that fits in your strategy?
Glenn Richter: Mike, it's Glenn. Why don't I attempt to start it, and then Frank can sort of add into it. So just we have been very transparent for many, many quarters that continue to enhance the portfolio, i.e., refine it is the key enabler of getting to our future leverage goals. We were pleased to announce in the quarter the sale of Lucas Meyers Cosmetics for $810 million gross proceeds. That should net about $730 million net. All of that will be used for divestitures. And the company went for a circa 18 multiple based on this year's forecast earnings. So we're pleased by that. We have a number of other additional portfolio actions underway. We have not publicly mentioned Pharma, but as you noted, it's in the press from that standpoint. We are confident that these actions will get us to where we need to, which is a 3x or less leverage ratio. Relative to your question around Pharma. Pharma is a very good business. It's a sticky business. It's in a very healthy sector in terms of the Pharma business. But candidly, it has relatively limited overlap in terms of end customers. For the rest of IFF, there are limited revenue or other synergies across the complex with Pharma. And to answer your question regarding how Pharma fits into our overall framework. As a reminder, Pharma was sort of in the middle of the pack in terms of ROIC. It has a relatively high-return business, which is the excipients, all that 75% and then has a lower return, more industrial business on that. So I think that -- I don't know, Frank, do you want to add anything else to that?
Frank Clyburn: No, I think we can go. Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nicola Tang with BNP Paribas.
Nicola Tang: Actually, Frank and Glenn, you both commented that volume performance improved sequentially through Q3, and you pointed to signs of green shoots. So I was wondering if you could give more color either by division or by specific end markets in terms of where you're seeing that improvement? And what's your latest assessment of customer inventory levels overall, do you think that destocking is now behind us?
Glenn Richter: Thanks for the question. It was interesting to see literally essentially every single sub-business within Nourish, H&B and Scent had a sequential improvement in volumes from Q2 to Q3. So it was very broad-based in terms of the performance improvements we saw. I’d say, in general, the HPC categories were stronger from an absolute volume standpoint than the food and bev, which is not surprising given what’s happening from a consumer demand standpoint. Pharma was the one exception. Pharma actually had volumes down. I would note, though, they had an incredibly strong third quarter of last year. They had a plus 12% in terms of volumes. So there’s a bit of an overlap. We had converted a system in Q2 of last year. So there was a bit of a backlog of orders, which were cleared up in Q3. So a little bit of a normalization from the standpoint. Relative to your question on destocking, it’s very difficult to say per se. However, our feedback from our business is, we would say that the majority of the customers at this point are either done or expected to be winding down by the end of the fourth quarter. I think the one segment that’s a little bit of a lagger is Pharma. The Pharma business in terms of the customers started destocking a little bit later. It has a meaningful distributor component of the business as well and also the industrial side. And I think that’s also been reflected very clearly in the competitive side for the Pharma business as well. So knock on wood, things are sort of moving very broad based across the entire business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Mizuho.
John Roberts: Scent benefited from favorable price versus raws. Was that both sequential and year-over-year? Are you getting more price sequentially? And how are you thinking about 2024?
Glenn Richter: John, this is Glenn again. By the way, welcome to your new home. So relative to Scents, sequentially, it’s relatively neutral, Q2 to Q3 in terms of the net price versus cost, although it is less moving, less price and more cost. So we’re now seeing the effects of the deflation basically moving through more so. And year-over-year, slightly higher in the third quarter versus the second quarter. As a reminder, in our core markets being the consumer and Fine Fragrance, our final pricing actions were implemented at the beginning of this year. So really what we’re now beginning to do – and there was some implementation in the second quarter of last year, so we’re now sort of fully overlapped last year from a neutrality standpoint, and what we’ll be seeing more is the cost reduction. One important asterisk, we have a percent of our business, as you know, that’s basically sells ingredients. About 50% of the production is used for our own products and 50% sold. There’s a commodity component such as turpentine as an example, Galaxolide, which is somewhat commoditized. So the pricing dynamic is a little bit more on a downward cycle given those categories. But in general, the net price cost is generally very stable in the Scent business. So thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan : So I guess I'm curious about how you think about your volume performance relative to peers as it appears that they're still outgrowing you all. I suppose somewhat related maybe to the last question, but bigger picture, it looks like pricing was a much smaller contributor sequentially. Does that factor into how you think about volumes? And then just lastly, tied together, when do you think your sales can go back to the long-term algorithm?
Frank Clyburn: Mark, it’s Frank. Let me take that one. And a couple of things that I really wanted to highlight on this question. So first, we spent a lot of time, obviously, with our teams throughout the quarter and at the end of the quarter, looking at our competitive dynamics and how we are positioned. And to highlight, maybe if you could give me a minute just to walk through some of our key business lines. So Flavors, for instance, Mark, we actually grew the business this quarter. And feel very good about our performance, in particular, in North America and Greater Asia and a very well positioned against our competitive set. Health & Biosciences, you actually saw growth versus prior year, Mark, which was very encouraging. And in fact, you saw growth in Cultures & Food Enzymes, Animal Nutrition. Home & Personal Care was a good growth quarter for us. Grain Processing, good growth from a sales perspective as well. And then if I look at our Scent business, our Scent business actually grew above market, Mark. Consumer Fragrance above market. So clearly growing market share there. And then also our Fine Fragrance business had good performance. So I feel really good about this Scent performance versus prior year. And then also as we’ve already highlighted across just about all of our business lines, good sequential improvement. So when I look at our overall business, I feel really good about the sequential improvement. The one area that we do have disproportionate volume declines versus our competitors as we’ve highlighted is Functional Ingredients. If you were to exclude Functional Ingredients, Mark, our volume would be down low single digits. So we feel as though we’re well within our peer set there. And like I said, we feel very good about the majority of our business and how we’re performing. And then the other one that we have highlighted, Mark, was with regards to Pharma. But Pharma, as we’ve mentioned, had a very strong competitive quarter last year. So that’s more of a competitive issue for us in this quarter compared to last quarter of last year. But all in all, Mark, we feel as though the overall business is sequentially improving and is in a really good position as we head into 2024.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Frank, on Pharma Solutions, can you comment on the sequential margin decline? Was it more mix or more costs? And what does this mean for you, do you think for margins in Q4 and next year for Pharma?
Frank Clyburn: Yes, David. So Pharma, as we mentioned, the comparison versus prior year, as we highlighted, was a 28% growth. Last year with a lot of shipment catch-up as we implemented in some SAP shipments that went into Q3 of ‘22. And then EBITDA growth last year was 76%. So that was the comparator versus last year. And obviously, you can see that we’re down 9% on the top line this year because of that comparator. If you look sequentially, Mark, you do see some choppiness, as Glenn highlighted earlier. There are some distributors that are starting to rightsize inventory in this business. That is something that we see more of a destocking as we ended kind of Q3. And as we go into Q4, we anticipate that the inventory destocking will continue. With that said, we think it’s temporary in nature. I have no concerns about the overall outlook for the Pharma business, very sticky business. Our core Pharma position is – what should I say, our core Pharma business is well positioned with our customers. So destocking by our distributors, rightsizing inventory, temporary in nature, and we feel good about the growth potential performance as we go into ‘24 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson : So Glenn, in your prepared remarks and hoping you could just maybe elaborate a little bit around some of the high-level puts and takes as they stand today for 2024 EBITDA versus 2023. Obviously, there's the absence of the inventory absorption charges, the inventory write-off in the second quarter. You've got headwinds on incentive comp, and if you can quantify that? It doesn't sound like there's a lot -- at this point, should we be thinking about a lot of price cost tailwinds? You're going to have the divestiture kind of impact. But can you help us think about productivity kind of savings that we should be kind of thinking about going into 2024 on a year-over-year basis? And then from there, is the major swing really just volumes and the operating leverage associated with that? Or is there anything else that you would highlight?
Glenn Richter: Thank you, Adam. So let me kind of break that down into 2 components. One, just normalizing, I’ll say, the onetime items from this year into next year and then talk a little bit about 2024. In terms of normalizing this year, first thing you do is you have to take out $75 million of EBITDA related to divestitures. So that’s roughly 6 months of Savory Solutions and then FSI, or Fragrance Specialty Ingredients business. And then basically a full year directionally for LMC, that’s about $75 million in earnings. In addition, you have to add back the impact of absorption which goes away. That absorption is related to the inventory reduction. So as we’ve mentioned, we’ve taken out nearly $600 million of volume-related inventory this year. That’s about $165 million benefit. On top of that, the LBK write-off in the second quarter was $44 million. And then lastly, in terms of sort of add normal items, I would add about $25 million of additional benefit associated with the annualization of our headcount reduction program this year. Offsetting that, as you mentioned, is roughly $70 million-ish of basically truing up our incentive plans back to 100% given this is a challenging year, they’ll pay out at a lower percentage. So those are the normalized items I would take the sort of baseline the 2023 results. Candidly, relative to ‘24, we are – we’ll be prepared to have a very fulsome discussion at the February call. We’re in mid-planning process right now. We’re working with all the businesses in terms of their plans from volume, net price, procurement on deflation, productivity programs, et cetera. So it’s a little early to talk about those components at this point, but we promise you, we’ll have a very detailed discussion in February.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citi.
Patrick Cunningham : Just a follow-up on positive absorption or just absorption coming off next year. What percentage of the portfolio is build-to-order versus build-to-stock? And are there any specific businesses where that split is skewed towards one or the other?
Glenn Richter: Yes. And I wouldn't say that those that are built-to-order don't have absorption impact because they do. But to answer your question, we're roughly 55% build-to-stock, 45% build-to-order in terms of the overall portfolio. So the build-to-stock is more the legacy DuPont or N&B portfolio versus a legacy FNF for the build-to-order. So as a result, that Nourish is split, probably slightly more build-to-stock and build-to-order, but a combination of the Ingredients business, the food systems and then the -- obviously, the Flavors business, the H&B and Pharma businesses are largely build-to-stock and the Scent business is largely build-to-order.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman : I was curious if you guys could talk a little bit about pricing. Pricing in the quarter came through a bit stronger, I think, than we had anticipated. And so just curious about that because I didn't think that there was any incremental pricing going through. So maybe it was just sort of stickiness, but would love some detail on that.
Glenn Richter: Yes. It’s more related to deflation than price per se. Pricing – actually, all of our pricing was implemented earlier this year. We really have not been implementing any more pricing actions this year. So it’s really been the favorability associated with deflation that enhance our earnings versus expectations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS.
Josh Spector: So I was just wondering if you could give an update on free cash flow. What your expectations are for this year now? And just given you scaled back your inventory, I guess your manufacturing headwind from inventory adjustments, does that mean you're done? Or is there more opportunistic inventory reduction to do to shore up free cash flow further?
Glenn Richter: So the second part – Josh, this is Glenn. So the second part of your question, we are largely done with the inventory reductions. We’re basically going to be largely flatlined for the balance of the year. Relative to our free cash flow estimates for the year, they are unchanged versus our previous quarter. We will be, call it, circa $450 million on reported free cash flow for the year. I will note, once again, that includes about $440 million-ish of Reg G items. So we’re right around $900 million of adjusted free cash flow for the year. Just as a reminder of those Reg G items, they’re broken down into about a little over half of them, call it, about $240 million are literally associated with our divestitures. A big portion of those are taxes, not surprisingly. We also have another roughly $80 million of the final integration costs. Those are associated with systems conversion and legal entity changes from DuPont. Those will be completed this year. And then there’s about $75 million-ish related to restructure. That’s from the implementation of this year, and then, call it, $50 million-ish sort of all other related expenses. So that’s sort of a breakdown of the Reg G items.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.
Laurence Alexander : Can you update how much of your business ex Pharma is in the fix or shift category? And how much it needs to improve in aggregate or on average for you to be happy with it? I mean like not just like a minimum threshold, but what your like 3- to 5-year target might be?
Glenn Richter: When you reference fix or shift, I'm assuming you're talking about the Ingredients business, so is that correct?
Laurence Alexander : Most of it, but I guess I'm fishing for if you have anything else that you're now putting in that category?
Glenn Richter: That's largely -- it's 90% of it. And as we mentioned, that business is of our total businesses about 20% to 25% of the total portfolio. And Frank outlined on the call previously, the major initiatives. It will take some time to fully implement those initiatives. So we are seeing some progression improvement in the business. But we're ways away from sort of getting back to sort of the full historical level of both earnings profile and growth. Our target is to go from largely a high single-digit EBITDA margin level to mid-teens and to basically get the business basically growing in line with the industry which historically has been sort of on a volume basis, 1% to 2% a year.
Frank Clyburn: And this is Frank. What I would add is on that 20% Glenn mentions and a number of those have – assets have been disposed and we continue down the path of optimizing our portfolio as we’ve highlighted. And then within Functional Ingredients, as we’ve mentioned, we are making good progress, as I highlighted earlier, and that’s really where the majority of the improvement area needs to be. But I don’t want to lose also sight of the 80% or so of the businesses we’ve been highlighting today that has seen good sequential improvement in a number of businesses that actually grew versus prior year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Silke Kueck with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck: Is there a $70 million SG&A benefit this year from the compensation changes? And did most of that occur in the third quarter? And secondly, if there's a $160 million headwind from unfavorable manufacturing absorption, which is 150 basis points headwind to gross margin. Do you expect as a base case, your gross margin to be up by 150 basis points next year? And do you need volume growth in order to achieve that?
Glenn Richter: I think to the second question, you should definitely normalize the absorption as a starting point. The ultimate margin dynamics for next year, which we’ll discuss in more detail in February, will be a combination of mix, volume growth and ultimately, any additional sort of price inflationary pressures. So it’s a complex. I don’t think you can just straight line the improvement. I think you can reset the baseline, but then you have to sort of think through all the variables of what’s driving the gross margin rate for next year. So we’ll park that, come back to that in February. The $70 million that we've referenced really are the savings from headcount reductions we've implemented this year. So as a reminder, there was a program that where we’ve targeted $100 million of annualized cost reduction, so roughly $70 million, $75 million of that this year and then about $25 million will be the annualized impact. It’s all been implemented. So it’s all done. So it’s really just a timing element of that. And then lastly, there’s always some choppiness quarter-to-quarter because of accruals around variable incentives. So depending on up or down, things can get trued up and can be a little bit choppy. So that does affect the quarter-to-quarter RSA as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Salvator Tiano with Bank of America.
Salvator Tiano : Yes. I wanted to ask if you can remind us a little bit your exposure to some of the key soybean -- sorry, well, to the soybean price as well as to key oil seeds, vegetable oils? And whether the recent -- previously decline in some of these edible oils can be a meaningful contributor to '24 EBITDA?
Glenn Richter: I would say 2 things. We have a very, very large basket of raws. So there’s lots of things moving in either direction. In general, the cost trends or deflation trends are working in our favor. So that’s a general statement. Relative to soy, we do actually lock in over time. We typically hedge out for a period. So we don’t necessarily always capture either the immediate upside or downside, but over the longer arc, obviously, as those prices decline, we capture it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Keches with Barclays.
Andrew Keches: Congrats on the quarter. Just to confirm, in the past, you've mentioned the 3.0x net debt-to-EBITDA as a level you plan to hit in 2024. So I guess just based on where you are in the asset sale discussions, do you still have confidence and visibility into achieving that level next year? Or is there some risk that, that gets extended? I know the covenant horizon was pushed out about a year to early '26. So any help on the time line would be great.
Glenn Richter: We are -- great question, Andrew. We're very confident that relative to our current M&A activity in the market, it will allow us to accomplish our goal of 3x or less. And it should be -- we should be able to accomplish it by the end of next year. This is always a -- there's always, I'll say, a timing element relative to closing transactions given the separation, legal entity changes, those sort of things. But barring sort of a normal path, we should be in good shape by the end of next year.
Operator: That will conclude the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Frank for closing remarks.
Frank Clyburn: So first, I want to start by thanking all of our IFF FERC colleagues around the world and all of the tremendous work that they are focused on to really help our customers and to continue to innovate. Our vision as a company is truly to be the innovative leader in essential solutions, and we’re very proud of the progress that we’re making through this quarter. And I also want to thank everyone for joining our call. We look forward to our fourth quarter update and full year guidance for ‘24 update in February, and I wish everyone well, and thanks for joining our call.
Operator: That concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-08 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Thank you for attending today's IFF Second Quarter Conference Call. My name is Megan, and I'll be your moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to pass the conference over to Michael DeVeau. Michael, please go ahead.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's second quarter conference call. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance and business outlook. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K and press release. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in the press release. With me on the call today is our CEO, Frank Clyburn, and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Business Transformation Officer, Glenn Richter. We will begin with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you have. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Clyburn: Thanks, Mike, and thanks, everyone, for joining today for an important discussion on our business performance and the critical actions underway to create an even stronger IFF. As you are aware, recent results from across our industry and many of our largest customers has clearly demonstrated that macroeconomic headwinds continue largely unabated. This environment has challenged financial performance of IFF and our peers in the first half of 2023 and has resulted in a more cautious outlook for the remainder of the year. However, despite this tough environment, it is also important that we highlight the significant progress we are making on transforming and strengthening IFF's business. Consequently, today, we will share promising early results from the strategic transformation initiatives we have been discussing with you as well as some additional actions we are taking, summarize our performance for the second quarter 2023 and outline the additional steps we are taking to drive shareholder value creation at IFF's. Then we will be happy to take any questions you have at the end. With that in mind, on Slide 6, I'll begin with a quick summary of the key takeaways for the second quarter, which I will unpack further here in the next few slides, including the actions we are taking to progress our strategic transformation. First, amid the current operating environment facing the industry, including temporary destocking, IFF's is performing broadly in line with peers, excluding Functional Ingredients. Second, consistent with our invest, maximize and optimize framework that we introduced in our 2022 Investor Day, we continue to broaden our portfolio optimization efforts including through strategic noncore divestitures. Third, we've outlined as clear operational improvement plan to drive improvement within our Functional Ingredients business. And lastly, our work behind the scenes to strengthen our organization is paying off as we are making strong progress in terms of our strategic initiatives to ensure IFF is well positioned for long-term success as market conditions begin to improve. Let me now unpack each of these a bit further. Turning to Slide 7. Amid the current operating environment, Q2 results were mixed as comparable currency neutral sales growth for the second quarter was down 4%. Strong results in Scent and Pharma Solutions were more than offset by softness in H&B and Nourish, particularly Functional Ingredients. From a profitability perspective, our adjusted operating EBITDA was in line with our guidance range, excluding a onetime inventory write-down due to unprecedented cost fluctuations for one ingredient Locust Bean Kernel. Our focus on cash flow generation has yielded solid results, improving sequentially and versus the prior year period as we successfully executed on our inventory reduction program. Now as we look to the balance of the year, the pace of industry recovery that we expected is not materializing according to our original expectation. Consumer demand remains soft and temporary customer destocking trends are continuing. As a result, we have adjusted our expectations for the full year 2023 lowering sales to $11.3 billion to $11.6 billion, entirely driven by lower volumes. For the full year, we expect volumes to now be down mid to high single digits versus roughly flat previously. Our adjusted operating EBITDA range is now $1.85 billion to $2 billion as favorable net price to inflation and enhanced productivity are more than offset by lower volume, higher manufacturing absorption costs related to our inventory reduction program and the impact of the write-down of LBK inventory. Approximately 75% of IFF's business, including Sent, Pharma Solutions, H&B, Flavors and Food Design are performing broadly in line with industry peers. The one area where we have significant opportunity to accelerate is the Functional Ingredients business, where we are aggressively implementing an operational improvement plan. I will share more in a moment. On Slide 8, looking at our business more broadly, we're continuing to accelerate our portfolio optimization initiatives to maximize returns and deleverage our balance sheet according to plan. We are investing behind to maximize our high-return businesses while optimizing other businesses, including through additional divestitures across all three categories and best maximize and optimize within our strategic framework. We've made significant progress on this front with the recently completed sales of our Microbial Control Savory Solutions and Flavor Specialty Ingredients businesses. We are continuing that momentum as we launch a sale process for Lucas Meyer Cosmetics aligned with our best owner mindset. This is consistent with our mindset of ensuring each of our businesses as the resources and ownership most conducive to long-term success and maximum returns. For LMC specifically, it is a fantastic business, and I have no doubt that it will continue to prosper under new ownership. And for IFF, it would allow us to reduce outstanding debt, while continuing to invest in our most core and accretive businesses. We have also hired JPMorgan to explore additional divestiture actions within the portfolio as a pathway to accelerate, deleverage and unlock further value creation for our shareholders. We are reviewing all options consistent with our strategic framework, and we will only pursue opportunities that are value accretive for our shareholders. A key part of our approach is that we will not look to divest assets at depressed multiples, especially those that are impacted by temporary destocking trends. Instead, we believe there is more value creation from improving these businesses before divesting. On Slide 9, I wanted to put this in today's presentation to show the dynamics we are seeing across the portfolio. As you can foresee from the slide, the vast majority of our portfolio from 2021 through the first half of 2023 has performed near or at expectations volumetrically, on a quarterly average basis, even amongst this unprecedented macro environment over the past 2 years. Also, when comparing with our peers, we believe these businesses are largely performing in line with them based on our business mix. The main business has been Functional Ingredients with quarterly average volumes down approximately 6% and during that same time frame. The message is similar if we analyze our volume performance on a first half 2023 basis as volumes for Functional Ingredients is down approximately 20% and versus a mid-single-digit decline for the rest of the business. Based on this, and as I mentioned on the first quarter call, we have been taking immediate action to improve Functional Ingredients performance while continuing to invest in our high-return businesses and make up the bulk of IFF by revenue, Scent, H&B, Pharma and the other categories within our Nourish division. On Slide 10, I would like to focus on Functional Ingredients in particular. Digging deeper into Functional Ingredients in what has happened, overall market declines in alternative protein consumption including demand decline for plant-based products, persistent supply chain challenges given the macro backdrop since the pandemic and more aggressive inventory management by customers have collectively contributed to pressure Functional Ingredients. Looking forward, while food demand volumes are beginning to stabilize and service challenges across the entire supply chain have improved, we do expect customer destocking to persist through the second half of the year based on what we are hearing from our customers. This destocking, while temporary in nature, will continue to pressure our Functional Ingredients volume as we move through the second half. Now moving to Slide 11. Our plan includes several near-term actions to improve performance in Functional Ingredients. First and foremost, there are clear opportunities to enhance our go-to-market approach with several key customers and accelerate our pipeline to win more opportunities. Since the early part of the year, we have hired over 50 new commercial professionals entirely focused on Functional Ingredients to pursue incremental market opportunities. We are already seeing early signs of improvement with a strong and growing pipeline. The second opportunity is strengthening our operating model. We will be disciplined in our approach from a productivity and operational excellence perspective, delivering 2% to 4% of annual productivity and also, as we think strategically about how to allocate capital to this business to deliver strong ROIC growth. We have also made the decision to report Functional Ingredients to provide increased transparency on performance and ensure increased management accountability with well-defined KPIs. Lastly, we are working to significantly reshape the Functional Ingredients portfolio for success. This means increasing the competitive edge of our successful core product lines while modifying or discontinuing those that have proven not to be additive to the portfolio. The net result of this operational improvement plan, supported by our new leader in Nourish and Function Ingredients, will allow us to grow sales in line with the market and deliver a mid-teen adjusted operated EBITDA margin over the next 3 years. We expect that to this plan, plus the elimination of more transitory challenges such as the LBK inventory write-down and negative absorption, we will see a meaningful improvement in 2024. Moving to Slide 12. I would like to now focus on the significant progress we are making against our strategic plan as we seek to be the premier partner, build our future and become one IFF. Despite the current macro environment, we see our industry in, our teams around the world are putting in the work to ensure we are setting ourselves up to capitalize as economic conditions begin to normalize. Our commercial excellence initiatives are yielding strong results. We have greatly improved customer service performance, identified more than $250 million in new growth opportunities in 2024 and beyond and are expanding the sales pipeline up more than 50% year-over-year across all divisions. We are building our future and extending our leadership in R&D with 15 new technology launches year-to-date and an expected revenue contribution exceeding $100 million. At the same time, our focused productivity initiatives yielded approximately $140 million in savings through the first half of the year. We are optimizing our portfolio to focus on our highest growth, highest margin businesses through selected divestitures, which will complement our efficiency objectives as we meet our deleveraging targets. Lastly, we're making exciting progress in building a more unified IFF. We are finalizing our transition to our new customer line operating model, which will be completed in the first quarter of 2024. We've also continued to enhance our culture and deepen our bench of world-class talent. In June, we appointed Yuvraj Arora, an experienced CPG executive who previously led U.S. categories for Kellogg as President of our Nourish division. With our leadership team and incentive structure now in place, the organization is poised for sustainable, profitable growth and expansion. Now on Slide 13, I would like to highlight the strong improvements we have made in terms of our pipeline opportunity. Our scientific and technological expertise remains a key differentiator in the competitive market. We win by introducing new and unique capabilities to meet our customers' evolving needs. We're seeing the benefits of our refocused R&D and commercial excellence initiatives, including a more than 50% increase in opportunities so far in 2023 and versus the same 2022 period. This increase is giving us continued optimism in the future potential of IFF. In Nourish, increased opportunities across regions and categories, has led to a greater than 60% pipeline inflow versus last year. Our recent notable win included Xylitol, which is a sweetener used in bars, cereals and other confectionery goods. In sense, our compounds pipeline opportunity continues to be healthy and strong. Included in this was a significant win for our Boost Powder Detergent, a 100% active powder laundry detergent that is effective and safe to use unwatchable fabrics. In Health and Biosciences, greater capacity is driving a robust pipeline in our Cultures and Food Enzymes and our Health & Grain Processing units. Included within this is a notable win in North America probiotics, a dietary supplement that supports gut health. And in Pharma Solutions, the pipeline has doubled while the team has delivered key wins in METHOCEL, a plant-based, more dissoluble, functional ingredient that supports dietary sublet manufacturing in a high-growth category. Collectively, our team's creativity and efficiency in bringing innovative solutions to market provides confidence in our ability to strengthen our long-term leadership as the preferred partner for CPGs worldwide. Moving to Slide 14. Our management team is aligned on key objectives essential to IFF's success as market conditions normalize, turning IFF into a leader in high-value innovative solutions. Through the second half of this year and beyond, we are focused on accelerating growth and maximizing shareholder value, expanding our margin, enhancing our return on capital and improving our leverage ratios. We believe we have a strong, achievable plan in place to ensure we are well positioned to rebound growth and profitability and continuing executing on our broader strategic transformation in 2024 and beyond. I will now turn it over to Glenn to discuss our second quarter performance and financial position entering the second half of 2023.
Glenn Richter: Thanks, Frank. Turning to Slide 15. In Q2, IFF generated $2.9 billion in sales with comparable currency neutral sales declined 4% as strong performance in Scent and Pharma was offset by softness in Nourish and Health and Biosciences. Our pricing continues to remain strong in the second quarter as it was up high single digits. However, volume in the quarter declined low double digits about twice the decline anticipated in the quarter. To provide some more color on volumes, Sent and Pharma were largely in line with expectations, while H&B underperformed in large part due to softer volume performance in health. The majority of our underperformance of our overall volume decline in the quarter, approximately 60% was attributable to Functional Ingredients. Excluding the impact of Functional Ingredients, IFF volume would have only been down mid-single digits. Adjusted operating EBITDA was $510 million, down 18% year-over-year on a comparable currency-neutral basis, largely driven by unfavorable manufacturing cost absorption of approximately $55 million and a $44 million write-down of inventory related to unprecedented cost fluctuations for Locust Bean Kernel. As Frank mentioned earlier, excluding this onetime LDK write-down, our adjusted operating EBITDA would have been $554 million, within our previously communicated guidance range of $540 to $590 million. Adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, was $0.86 in the quarter, impacted by lower profitability. Taking a closer look at our profitability performance on Slide 16. Excluding the unfavorable manufacturing absorption related to our inventory reduction program and the inventory write-down of LBK comparable adjusted operating EBITDA would have declined 3% on a currency-neutral basis versus the previous year. We continue to benefit from strong pricing and productivity gains. However, as you can see from the slide, the biggest driver impacting profitability in the quarter was the decline in volumes. This volume decline is most pronounced in our Nourish business, driven by Functional Ingredients. As noted, volumes across our Scent and Pharma Solutions businesses met expectations and H&D was modestly behind. Turning now to Slide 17. I'll provide a look at our second quarter performance by business segment. As we've noted, continued weakness in functional ingredients impacted Nourish performance overall, with strong results in Flavors and Food Design and in line with peers. Pricing and productivity gains were more than offset by lower volumes, unfavorable manufacturing absorption and the LBK inventory write-down. Turning to Health & Biosciences, strong results from certain segments, including Cultures and Food Enzymes, Grain processing and Home and Personal Care, were offset by volume decline in health, driven primarily by the continued soft market conditions across the probiotics and broader dietary supplements markets. From a profitability perspective, pricing and productivity gains were more than offset by lower volume and unfavorable manufacturing absorption. Scent continued to remain resilient, performing strongly this quarter, led by double-digit growth in Consumer Fragrance, and high single-digit growth in Fine Fragrance with solid contributions from both volume and price. This, coupled with strong productivity, led to growth and margin expansion across the division. These initiatives also drove strong growth in Pharma Solutions, which saw a 16% increase in adjusted operating EBITDA on a comparable currency-neutral basis, led by solid performance in our core Pharma business, and ongoing pricing and productivity gains. Turning to Slide 18. Cash flow from operations totaled $375 million this quarter, as a result of our very focused efforts to drive strong working capital improvements and right-size our inventories. We are ahead of target, having achieved approximately $320 million inventory reduction year-to-date, after normalizing for LBK write-down. I would like to reiterate that while this inventory reduction program is adversely impacting the P&L through negative manufacturing absorption, it is a short-term impact that we will be recovering over time. CapEx for the first half was $290 million or approximately 4.9% of sales. Given this, our free cash flow position for the quarter has improved sequentially from last quarter and was $85 million in Q2. Included in our free cash flow is about $160 million of cost primarily related to integration and transaction-related costs. We also distributed $413 million of dividends to our shareholders. In Q2, our cash and cash equivalents totaled $641 million, additionally, net debt for the quarter totaled approximately $10.6 billion with net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA of 4.5 times. Our trailing 12-month credit adjusted EBITDA totaled approximately $2.2 billion. Improving our leverage profile and ensuring IFF continues to meet its deleverage commitments remains a top priority and I am pleased with the strong working capital improvements made to date. With the initiatives in play, including our portfolio optimization efforts, IFF is on a path to delever according to our plan through the rest of 2023 and into 2024. As we mentioned, we remain laser-focused on achieving our target leverage profile to improve cash flow and the portfolio actions and other strategic initiatives we discussed today. Moving to Slide 19. Like many in our sector, we continue to navigate this unprecedented market environment. Consequently, we now expect many of the challenges that we faced through the first half of the year to continue through the second half of the year, including customer destocking and related consumer demand visibility constraints. And as a result, we have revised our second half outlook. Importantly, we remain intently focused on the levers that we can control, including accelerating sales growth, delivering positive price inflation margin, delivering on our identified productivity initiatives while also seeking additional efficiency opportunities and driving continued improvement in cash flow. Ultimately, these actions will strengthen the platform and better position IFF who when the environment improves. On Slide 20 is our updated financial guidance. We are now expecting net sales to be in a range of $11.3 billion to $11.6 billion, while our new guidance reflects softer revenue expectations across all businesses, our lower expectations and Functional Ingredients accounts for the majority of the revenue change. For the full year 2023, we are expecting Functional Ingredients volumes to be down double digits. However, the rest of the business to be down low single digits amid continued and temporary customer destocking. For the second half of 2023, we expect sales to be between $5.3 billion and $5.6 billion, with comparable volumes flat to down high single digits. At the midpoint, of our volume guidance range, our 2-year average volume is down 4%, which is consistent with what we delivered in the first half. Also, please remember that included in our first half '23 results are approximately $300 million in sales and approximately $30 million EBITDA related to our Savory Solutions and FSI divestitures. With these transactions closed at the beginning of June and August, respectively, our second half '23 financials will be lower by these amounts. For full year '23, adjusted operating EBITDA we now expect to be between $1.85 billion and $2 billion, which is lower than our previous guidance. This is driven by three factors, our reduced volume expectations, $80 million more of higher absorption costs and the $44 million LBK inventory write-down. We are now expecting our full year inventory reduction to be approximately $425 million, and as a result, the absorption related to our inventory reduction will be approximately $180 million impact to profitability for the full year. To reiterate, this is a onetime transitory impact to the P&L in order to maximize cash flow moving forward. We remain committed to driving working capital improvements through our inventory reduction program as we navigate this near-term complexity. And finally, and very importantly, in light of this environment, we are maintaining strong cost discipline to drive enhanced productivity across the organization in order to protect profitability. For our full year expectations for interest expense, we now expect it to be around $425 million mainly due to higher interest forecast on short-term debt and factory programs and a higher balance of short-term debt due to lower earnings. And we also expect our effective tax rate for the year to be 21% or no change. Foreign exchange headwinds are expected to continue to pressure sales in comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA growth which we now expect will adversely impact us by 2% and 6%, respectively. This incremental pressure is due to a handful of hyperinflationary currencies that have moved against us in the first half of '23, where FX was a 3-point headwind to sales and a 7-point headwind to adjusted operating EBITDA and we expect that many of these currencies will continue to significantly to value in the second half of '23. Now I'll turn back to Frank for closing remarks.
Frank Clyburn: Thanks, Glenn. Our incredible teams around the world continue to deliver pioneering discoveries and strengthen our customer relationships ensuring that IFF is the innovative engine behind the most critical and beloved consumer products. These efforts are reflected in the solid results across the majority of our businesses despite the current environment, which gives me great confidence in our ability to deliver industry-leading growth and profitability in the years ahead. Our strategic plan is showing very encouraging early results. We are investing in opportunities for growth, innovation and enhanced productivity, and we are taking decisive actions to manage through the volatile market conditions, refocusing functional ingredients with an operational improvement plan to strengthen operations and execution and progressing our deleveraging efforts through ongoing portfolio optimization efforts, including the launch of our cosmetic ingredients process. Amid even this challenging market environment, we are making great progress transforming IFF into the leader in high-value innovative solutions and the partner for our customers. The actions we are taking today and through the remainder of 2023 will create a stronger IFF capable of delivering significant value for shareholders and all of our stakeholders. With that, I will open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I guess just to the question that we're getting a lot from investors is as we look at the - the updated EBITDA guidance for the year, it does appear that you're going to be moving above your covenant threshold in the back half. And so Glenn, you talked about being kind of continuing to commit to deleveraging. Can you just comment on what that path looks like over the balance of the year? And in that context, how should we think about the dividend? And then what is the updated expectation for free cash flow for 2023. I don't think I heard an updated guidance number there? Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Adam, thanks very much, good morning. And great questions to start off here. Let me start off by reassuring everybody, I am quite confident that we will not trip our covenants and the reason I am is because there are multiple levers that we can pull, and I'll get to your question about cash flow, but we've made very strong progress on working capital and other improvements in cash flow this year. In addition, we are well downstream on divestitures from a portfolio standpoint as well. And I would also remind you that there's a credit-adjusted definition of EBITDA, which is different than the adjusted EBITDA number. So obviously, there are a number of add-backs relative to that calculation. So point one, very confident we will not have an issue with our covenant. Point number two is currently a change in our dividend is not on the table. And then point number three, relative to our cash flow forecast for this year on a free cash flow basis reported we're expecting to be about $100 million lower than our original guide. As a reminder, we had a $600 million free cash flow for this year. We're forecasting $475 million. As a reminder, within that $475 million, there are 450 million Reg G charges. So on an adjusted basis, we expect to be over $900 million. That compares to the $1 billion we started off, that $450 million, by the way, includes $250 million of transaction related. So it's taxes, it's M&A, separation fees for the microbial control FSI and say solutions of the residual, $75 million is related to the final integration activities with DuPont this year, and there's another $100 million plus that are largely related to the restructure that we performed this year. So - so again, on an adjusted basis, we expect our free cash flow to be around $900 million versus the original $1 billion. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Your line is open.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everybody. I guess how does the operating backdrop in 2023 change how you're thinking about the financial commitments through 2026, I think you outlined at the Investor Day back in December. Maybe you can touch on the internal offsets you're pulling to count or the lower volume baseline. And I'm just asking because at this point, your dividend outlay is unsustainable relative to your rebased EBITDA starting point as Adam pointed out.
Frank Clyburn: Hi. Yes, this is Frank, and I'll take that one. And good morning, everyone. A couple of things that I want to highlight. First and foremost, if you look at what's taking place through '23. Clearly, we are seeing temporary destocking, as we mentioned, and we have been pulling a number of levers to manage the business. First, you can see really good progress with productivity. As Glenn highlighted, we've been really improving our net working capital and also making sure that we're doing everything to control our cost to manage the '23 year as it unfolds. We are on track. As you recall, we highlighted that we're going to have a cost reduction takeout of about $100 million. That is on track as well. More importantly, though, I am very excited about the opportunity that we have as we come out of temporary destocking. And as we move into '24 and as you could see, as we discussed with our customers, we're very well positioned based on the pipeline increase that we just highlighted, also based on the commercial efforts that we're putting forward. We've improved our customer service significantly, which gives me a lot of confidence as I look at the outlook, to your question over the next several years. So we're managing for the near-term temporary destocking, but we are clearly preparing for a good, strong growth in '24. We still remain committed to our long-term guidance that we put out of 4% to 6% top line sales growth and 8% to 10% EBITDA that we can't communicated during Capital Markets Day.
Glenn Richter: Yes. And if I could just tag on to the end of that regarding your comment regarding the unsustainability of the dividend, I just will piggyback on my response to Adam's question, again, on an adjusted basis, $900 million of free cash flow and in addition, as we've called out, there's over $200 million of onetime items between LBK write-off and then the negative absorption. So we are confident as we exit this year, we're going to be in a much, much better trajectory, particularly as the environment improves. So I'm not sure the assertion on sustainability is correct.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Mark Astrachan: Yes, thanks, and good morning, everybody. I guess the first question is just what gives you confidence in the back half outlook? I think you talked, Glenn, about the volume assumptions essentially being the same on a 2-year basis, 2H versus 1H - you've cut numbers now, not necessarily your fault, partly industry stuff, now three times since the Investor Day. So what gives you confidence, what should investors take that would give you - give them any confidence that you can hit the numbers that you laid out there? And then helpful on the divestiture commentary. Curious how integrated the businesses are today such that more divestitures aren't disruptive that they don't create significant fixed cost deleverage and having to staff up and absorb costs? Thank you.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. So I'll take the question. Thanks, It's really important. We've talked to a number of our customers. With regards to the temporary destocking, and we do believe that it is very prudent for us right now to derisk the plan based on the back half of the year, and we do think we've done that. And in derisking the plan, we also believe that we set the floor. So we're very confident and what you are now seeing is our new guidance going forward. Important to note though, while we are navigating '23, we are also continuing to prepare, as we just discussed, as we move into '24 as we see destocking subside and as we see volumes improve. Glenn, I don't know if you want to
Glenn Richter: I would add. It's a very, very legitimate question, Mark, is a, we feel we're being very prudent relative to the range in terms of what the guide is here. Secondarily, we have July in our belt at this point, and it's negative 4% volume August is trending a little bit lower than that, but very, very consistent with what we think the quarter is unfolding. So a combination of bringing down to a 2-year consistent with the first half, a couple more months largely closed gives us a pretty good sense that we're going to be in a good place. And obviously, we wanted to make sure we were prudent relative to the construction of this outlook. Your question on M&A is a good one, and there's no simple answer. Some businesses are more integrated than others. It is clearly a consideration relative to our portfolio strategy. The good news is we have acquired substantial experience over the last 3 years now through a combination of the sale of the microbial control business, Savory Solution and Atlas as well as other ones we're working on. So we've got a pretty good track record in sort of being able to navigate through that. But it is an important consideration as we think about which parts of the portfolio we trim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Gunther Zechmann: Good morning, Frank. Good morning, Glenn. I know you don't guide for next year yet, but what do you think are the main moving parts if we want to build the bridge for 2024 considering your comparables. You talked about you're excited about the pipeline growth, destocking to subside. What are some of the potential negatives as well that we should take into account? So refineries for 2024, please?
Glenn Richter: Sure. Maybe I'll begin Gunther and Frank can add on. As we think about '24, one is, as we mentioned, we do believe that the environment will be improving. So we think we're now going to be entering an environment where destocking will be complete consumer pullback will be largely stabilized at a point. So that's point one. Point two, as we mentioned, there are a number of items to normalize from this year. So the $180 million associated with absorption which we have consciously tackled, by the way, that has delivered a $500 million reduction in inventory full year from a standpoint. So it's a very, very significant achievement we're accomplishing. It's also the LDK write-off, obviously, 44. So there are onetime items - from a volume standpoint, as Frank had mentioned, we feel that 75% of our business, i.e., everything except Functional Ingredients is performing well in line with our competitive peers. So we'd expect them to continue to trend well in an improving market. And the other 25%, we have been underway for a number of months on remediation and expect that business to pick up next year. And lastly, I would say that the other areas that we can control, i.e., productivity, working capital and cash flow efficiency and portfolio are well on track. So we feel like - those should continue as we move into '24. But obviously, as we close the year, we'll have a more detailed update on next year.
Frank Clyburn : Yes. And I would add, Gunther, and I highlighted this in the prepared remarks. We've been spending a lot of time with our key customers. I can tell you that I've had discussions with many of with those CEOs with those companies and Chief Technology Officers. And what we highlighted is the 15 new R&D launches this year, the strong platforms that we have and as Glenn mentioned, if you look at our business performance in Scent, if you look at Pharma, if you look at Health & Biosciences overall, we're in really good shape, and the businesses are performing well in a challenging environment and backdrop. And even within Nourish, one of the things I wanted to highlight after is that our Flavors business, our system ingredients business as we help customers solve some of their challenges is in good shape as well and benchmarks extremely well versus our peers. And now we have a plan that we will be getting after improving our functional ingredients and that's something that we'll continue to monitor very closely. We have a new team that's been put in place to really improve that business. And as volumes start to normalize, as you head into next year, we feel really good that you'll start to see improvement in that business, which gives us a lot of confidence for '24.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Your line is now open.
Josh Spector: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking for taking my questions So I was wondering if you could provide some more detail kind of walking through your second quarter EBITDA to your second half run rate. So I mean, as you mentioned earlier, you exclude the inventory write-down you did about 550. Your guide at the midpoint is maybe $450 million a quarter. I guess the inventory adjustment isn't changing. It's maybe getting a little bit better price cost, you had some benefits from volumes you're guiding similar. I guess I'm not sure what's driving that magnitude of decline. So more color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Sure. Good morning, Josh. So let me actually - let me just do first half to second half because honestly, the first quarter is very similar to the second quarter. So the first half on a reported basis was $1.2 0 billion [ph] of EBITDA adjusted EBITDA. And then the midpoint of the guide is 9.05 for the second half. As you pointed out, you need to adjust the first half for a combination of the absorption, $150 million LBK write-off, adding another 44, you've got to reduce for divestitures, which come out of the second half, you should take out 30 and then you have foreign exchange differential of $20 million to $30 million, so that gets you roughly to $1.150 billion. And then obviously, for the second half, you have some absorption of 30. So that gets you to 9.35. So it's a 1.150 first half normalized versus a 935 million. So it's roughly $200 million delta between them. So can break it down into basically two components. About $50 million is related to lower GP from seasonal volumes, particularly the fourth quarter, it's our lowest quarter. So on an apples-to-apples basis, there's $100-plus million of differential. The other is a little bit productivity timing, but it's largely a net price realization versus cost higher in the first half than the second half. And as you noted or as we've noted, we have a 7% pricing in the first half. It's circa 3% in the second half. So while we continue to see some progress on reduction of input costs, there was a better achievement in the first half versus the second half. So hopefully, that's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nicola Tang with BNP Paribas. Your line is now open.
Nicola Tang: Thanks. Hi, everyone, I wanted to take a closer look at Functional Ingredients. I was wondering if you could give more color on which product groups or perhaps switch end markets in Functional Ingredients actually drove that volume weakness in Q2? And could you elaborate a bit more on the cautious outlook for the second half as well? Also, at your Investor Day last year, you highlighted your plan to optimize or exit underperforming divisions, so with today's new efficiency plan in Functional Ingredients, does this mean that you've ruled out exiting this division? Or could it still be a potential divestment candidate? Thanks.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Nicola, this is Frank. I'll take both. On the first question, we are looking at all options. However, as we've communicated, we will not pursue any options that aren't accretive to our shareholders. And we think right now, in particular, within Functional Ingredients, we are focused on the improvement plan that we outlined, and we do see really good early progress starting to emerge within that business. As far as the first part of your question, if we look at Functional Ingredients, underneath that, I'll use the example of protein solutions with Soft, Nicole of this quarter primarily due to destocking and these are isolated soy proteins that go into nutritional bars and beverages. I've had a chance to meet with a couple of the customers and the positive news is we're very well position within those end markets. The destocking has been the impact primarily for isolated soy proteins going into those beverages and bars. So that's an example, Nicole, of what we've seen, and that's been the impact we've seen across Functional Ingredients primarily destocking. There has been some customer softness in some of the meat alternative products that are within Functional Ingredients as well. But hopefully, that helps give us a little bit more color of what we're seeing. And then as we come out of destocking, as I mentioned, we do anticipate things to start to normalize as we get into '24.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
John Roberts: Thank you. What's the threshold for deciding when to take a write-down in raw material inventory. You've had spikes in citral, vanilla, other ingredients in the past, I don't recall this kind of a write-down before. And then I think your earlier comments on price raws were year-over-year. Could you give us a sense of sequential and whether or not LDK is kind of affecting the sequential number significantly?
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Good question, John. And good morning to you. Materiality and ultimately, the measure is do we expect to be selling it below cost. I would say LBK is a very unique case. You cited some others. But as it relates to the volatility over the last 2 years to give you some sense, prices have dropped from €35 per kilo to 8 in less than 12 months. So that was a clear case that we needed to basically recognize the current value of the inventory that's an anomaly. At least in my short history of 2 years, we've never seen anything like that in terms of kind of the sheer level of volatility, such a short period of time. I would also note that the inventories were slightly higher, which actually made it a bigger - slightly bigger write-off simply because we were making sure that we had enough supply for security purposes. Relative to the raws trends, they're continuing to progress downward, but I'll say, at a more modest rate than we saw in the second half of last year and then entering into this year. As you know, many of the factors impacting prices such as energy prices is one big input have decreased, but they've stabilized as well. So we're seeing a little bit more improvement. I would note that the other two big input costs for us are logistics and energy, energy has come down dramatically this year. It's largely pretty stable at this point globally. And then logistics as well has been a very, very big improvement over the year, and that has largely stabilized and actually we see some continued downward progression in terms of prices as well. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Harris Fein: Hi, good morning. This is Harris Fein on for Chris. Thanks for taking my question. So can you talk a little bit more about the visibility that you have into where consumer sell-through is trending versus any differences you're seeing in destocking at your customer level? Do you think that your customers are still holding above normal inventories? Or do you think that this is a situation where maybe they're drawing down normal inventories into an area well below normal because maybe there's more supply chain comfort. And I guess based on all that, how are you thinking about the potential for destocking to maybe weak into 2024 at this point? Thanks.
Frank Clyburn: Yeah, hi. This is Frank. Thanks for the question. We do work very closely with, in particular, our large global key accounts and then also our large regional accounts. And I do think supply chains have improved, so they are willing to adjust some of their inventories. What we are hearing from them is mixed. Some customers are saying that destocking will start to come to an end as we kind of go through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. Some are saying that it really is depending on end market consumer demand and are thinking more that the destocking persists through the rest of this year and starts to improve as we get into 2024. So what we have done is, as we mentioned, in our approach is to really be prudent in the approach and to derisk our plan. However, we are very much focused on working with them to prepare for once temporary destocking is over to improve, obviously, our performance. And I can tell you that when we look at - as I mentioned, our pipeline win rate and some of the commercial activities we have underway, we feel really good and well positioned. But your question on visibility is one that we are working with them on. But clearly, we are making sure we're doing everything we can prepare for as we head towards the end of this year and into next year. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Cunningham with Citi. Your line is now open.
Patrick Cunningham: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I really appreciate the transparency on the Functional Ingredients deep dive. What percentage of the Functional Ingredients business would you characterize as a commodity, low-margin business? And are any of these businesses separable now? Or is the bias more towards optimization and the prioritization of investment?
Frank Clyburn: Yes, I'll start and then, Glenn, I'll let you add. If you look at Functional Ingredients, what's underneath that is protein solutions, which is about a third or it's approximately - in functional ingredients. We have multipliers and sweeteners. We have core tax trends, cellulosis and food protection and systems are kind of within functional ingredients. We feel good with regards to our specialty protein. So we think there's good differentiation there. And that represents about half of protein solutions, and there are some more value proteins in there that I would say are a little bit more in a competitive landscape. Emulsifiers I would say, are probably in the category of much more competitive to answer your question, and it's something that we're looking at in particular, some of the emulsifiers that are within that category within that business and also some of the core text rents, we feel as though are some are differentiated, but there are some core texturants that are probably more challenged competitively. So we're staring at our portfolio. We feel good overall. We're going to put where we have core differentiation, our efforts to behind that core, and that's a part of the functional ingredients plan. In areas here are some of the ingredients that are more commoditized or where we don't bring a differentiated benefit. That's where we're going to look to really optimize or possibly even discontinue in those ingredients. So we have a well thought out plan as we move forward and feel good about the new team that we have in place.
Glenn Richter: Yes. I would just add two other comments is these are somewhat more commoditized than the rest of our portfolio. But to bring up Frank's point, our portfolio is very much focused on high value add. So you think about our cellulosics business, you think about Xylitol, you sort of think about our soy isolates, really as it relates to specialty proteins, et cetera, alginate, et cetera. We really are focusing a part of our strategy of maximizing the value-add opportunities in our portfolio and have been super turbocharging our customer pipeline activity to focus on those categories.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Mike Sison: Hey. Good morning, guys. Frank, The DuPont transaction was designed to help you generate better organic growth longer term. And it seems like functional ingredients has been more of a challenge there. So when you think about the potential value of the deal, is there any left? Or can you give us some thoughts of can this - can any of their businesses really help improve your organic growth? And then longer term, how do you think you rebuild the EBITDA from '23 to what level do you think is possible?
Frank Clyburn: Yes, Mike, thanks for the question. I think that if you look at the transaction, we still feel very confident about the value creation opportunities for IFF going forward. We are, as we highlighted and is primarily due to destocking, and we have a clear plan to address some of the challenges in Functional Ingredients. If you look at our Health & Biosciences business, tremendous capabilities. The business is performing well. Pharma is also performing extremely well. So we still feel very good about the future value creation opportunity, as we move forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lisa De Neve with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Lisa De Neve: Good morning, Frank and Glenn. And thank you so much for taking my questions. I have two main questions. So following your intention to explore potential incremental divestitures I mean what is the current market interest to actually engage with M&A at this point of the cycle? And how difficult is for potential buyers to potentially obtain financing in this volatile and higher interest rate environment. And how should we think about the time line for potential divestments? That's my first question. And then the second question I have is like from your top management level, how is your visibility across the different business units? How quickly do you see when certain units are deteriorating, whether it's market driven or any other reason? And how quickly do you address some underperformance in some segments. And maybe on that note as well, what will change in Nourish, there is now there is a new head driving that segment? Thank you.
Glenn Richter: I'll start, Lisa, I think technically at six questions, but let's unpack them. So on the M&A front, there are both PE firms, but more importantly, strategics out there that would have a high level of interest relative to our portfolio, relative to the former of the credit markets have stabilized. So there's tons of PE money out there being put to work and the credit market is actually in a pretty good place. But more importantly, on the strategic side, there is a very broad appetite relative to partnerships, various assets in the portfolio. As you know, most of the peers in this space actually have very good balance sheets. There's value to consolidation in this space, et cetera. So we feel very good about the robustness relative to the opportunities out there. We will be smart in terms of how we do that. It's got to make sense for us strategically in terms of what's in the portfolio - in the portfolio and it needs to be smart from a value creation for our shareholder. As we mentioned earlier, we're not interested in divesting assets cheaply. We'd rather actually maintain them, fix them, grow them from that standpoint before we did that. So I think that was your first set of questions. Frank, do you want to take that?
Frank Clyburn: Yes. I think you had a question about visibility into the business, and we do have a window where we are looking at a couple of weeks, obviously, we can look at our orders, and we obviously do a lot of work with regards to engaging with our customers. So - and we moved pretty quickly. I said we move very quickly, I should say, with regards to how we adjust our business. And the example is, I think you're seeing us very rapidly focus on productivity, focus on cash flow. We've moved very rapidly with regards to improvement in net working capital. We signaled early on that we were seeing some softness in destocking and end market demand and ingredients, and we quickly put in place 50 commercial resources to address that. So we're moving very rapidly to address any challenges that we have. And then to your last question, Naresh [ph] President is on board, fully aligned and helped to develop the plan you're seeing around Functional Ingredients as well as helping us to focus on driving Flavors and Systems as we move forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. End of the call, but I'll just keep this kind of high level and strategic. I was curious as you think about some of the things that are in this Functional Ingredients portfolio, including, importantly, the things that are maybe less differentiated and then, therefore, less attractive to continue to be in. But what's the role of those things in the dream - the dream of integrated solutions. Because my understanding is that part of the delivering full service to customers is having that full portfolio and that was sort of part of the argument for being a one-stop shop. But now it feels like the financial return profile or managing this collection of businesses that are varying degrees of more or less attractive on a stand-alone basis? Is making that bigger like industrial logic more challenged. So maybe a little bit long to the end of the call, but I was just curious on how you'd react to that.
Frank Clyburn: Yes, Lauren, I would say that when I look at Functional Ingredients, I'll give you an example, where we bring significant differentiating value is within our systems business where we're bringing in combining multiple ingredients. And for example, emulsifiers are used in over 50% of our systems applications and what we're bringing for customers. So we still believe that there is integrated solution opportunities as we work across all of Nourish. What we're highlighting is due to destocking, we need a very quick rapid improvement plan based on the need to improve the financial profile of Functional Ingredients. But we still do see that the integration with in particular, with regards to emulsifiers as well as some of our protein solutions is still bringing a lot of benefit and advantages to customers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America. Your line is now open. Mr. DeYoe, your line is now open.
Michael DeVeau: Maybe operator, we'll go to the next one.
Operator: Absolutely. Our next question comes from the line of Laurence Alexander with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Laurence Alexander: Just very quickly, how much of an EBITDA drag do you have from the working capital reductions that you've done this year? And secondly, for the target for Functional Ingredients to sort of match the market. Do you see yet a path for functional greens to get above-market growth in, say, 5, 7 years? Or is matching the market kind of sort of the best fix?
Frank Clyburn: Yes. So the answer to the first question is $180 million is related to bringing inventory out of the system. So as I mentioned, there's $500 million of volume related on we have a little bit of raw materials price escalation. So the balance sheet will show a net $400 million and change improvement that way, that's significantly above what we were planning at the beginning of the year, we're sort of making more progress. So the cost of doing that is basically the negative absorption on the P&L from a standpoint for this year. But obviously, it's sort of one and done. And at least for the interim period, honestly, we haven't thought about 5 to 7 years is getting to market and generally, these categories were sort of low single-digit growth is the right target to be in part because we want to be reasonable in part. We also want to optimize the return on these assets because they typically have a lower ROIC more capital intensive. So it's not growth, the sale growth, that's really sort of optimizing the returns. But thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Silke Kueck with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Silke Kueck: Hi. I also have a question along those lines. So if there's $180 million income statement on penalty for reducing the inventories and improving the cash flows, is there a benefit in 2024 if the inventories don't get rebuilt, like I understand you've done about the same cost, but you feel like an actual benefit unless you rebuild inventories?
Frank Clyburn: You don't need to rebuild them. You just need to may be flat. So as a reference point, our total production will be down around 15% this year. As we mentioned, we expect sales volumes to be down 6. So there's - that 9% incremental is basically to eat through that $0.5 billion of inventory still getting there. So assuming you - that's one and done, then you get the pickup of the 180 next year because obviously, production is at zero at that point going forward. So as you - if you rebuild inventories over time as you grow the business, that actually creates a positive absorption going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Andrew Keches with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Andrew Keches: Thanks, I appreciate the question. Glenn, if I could ask a time line for that three times net leverage target changed. I heard you reiterate I didn't hear the time line though. And do you still expect to get there by the end of 2024 with asset sales I think even with Lucas Meyer and [indiscernible] sort of in, it still seems like you'd have additional work cut out for you?
Frank Clyburn: Yeah, yeah...
Andrew Keches: And then related to that, Yes, related. I appreciate that - so your messaging deleveraging is still a priority. But at the end of the day, the agencies have you very close to high yield at this point, and that dividend is still effectively two times what your cash flow is. So is maintaining IG rating a significant importance to you? And yes, that's intentional emphasis on maintaining?
Frank Clyburn: Yes. The answer is - to the second question, we're very committed to maintaining investment grade. As you're well aware, the rating agencies are patient relative to your long-term strategy and goals. We've obviously have been in close discussions with them. They know our plans in terms of what we're doing. Again, I would submit to you that the reality is on adjusted cash flow basis we're at 900 this year with some onetime items that mainly gets you north of that, probably not the best place to be relative to an $800 million dividend, and we get that, but normal growth trajectory gets you into a much better place from that. On the deleverage, i.e., the activities and the target, we are still committed to heading three times by the end of next year. We have been at work for quite a few months on M&A. And that's - we've been mentioning portfolio revisit since the end of last year. So there are a number of activities underway from that standpoint. And so we do feel that we have enough, if you will, irons in the fire beyond Lucas Meyer to basically accomplish our goals.
Frank Clyburn: Great. Thank you, Glenn. And as we come to a close today, a couple of key points I would like to just reiterate. And first, I want to make sure that we reemphasize that the majority of our business is doing well and is very resilient as we manage through temporary destocking. Second, we are taking action very rapidly to improve our business trajectory and our capital structure. We've implemented a functional ingredients operational improvement plan, and we look forward to sharing more with you of the progress. We're driving divestitures, as you've heard, such as the announced sale of LMC as well as additional opportunities that we're looking at to delever, and we're executing on our strategic priorities with strong improvements in commercial and operational excellence, as you heard today. We do remain confident in our value creation potential, given the relative strength of our pipeline and we highlighted just within the first half of this year, over a 50% increase versus prior year and is the transitory nature of destocking ends, that's going to really position us well as we head into 2024, as the environment normalizes.
Frank Clyburn: And then lastly, I wanted to really reiterate, IFF is a great business. We're in a great industry, and we have significant opportunities to create value for our stakeholders and we want to thank each and everyone of you for joining our call today.
Operator: That concludes the IFF second quarter conference call. Thank you for your participation. I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-09 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal Q&A portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. Mr. DeVeau, you may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's first quarter conference call. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. Please take a minute to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance and business outlook. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K and press release. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release. With me on the call today is our CEO, Frank Clyburn; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Business Transformation Officer, Glenn Richter. We will begin with prepared remarks and then take any questions at the end. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Frank.
Frank Clyburn: Thanks, Mike. And hello, everyone. We delivered first quarter 2023 results in line or ahead of our expectations amidst a challenging operating environment. Our team successfully navigated soft end market demand and customer inventory destocking as they executed on our priorities to deliver on our financial commitments. We are proud of the results and want to thank the entire IFF team for their contribution. However, year-on-year comparisons in a number of areas showed the backdrop in which we are operating remains challenging as I acknowledged on our last call. As you will see from our quarterly financials, we have made solid progress on our objectives of reducing costs to improve efficiency, recovering inflation and materially reducing our inventories while improving our service levels to our customers. The key challenge remains volume growth and our management team remains keenly focused on accelerating profitable sales growth moving forward. Before I get into our first quarter performance, I do want to share an update on our search for our Nourish President. Over the past several months, we have engaged with various leaders about the opportunity to run our largest division. At this time, our search continues as we are looking to attract a well-regarded leader with a strong track record of success that can drive performance in this division. I am pleased with the slate of candidates that we have and look forward to welcoming a new leader in due course. We will provide further updates going forward as we progress the process. Starting on slide 6, I'd like to begin with a high level look at our performance in the quarter before handing it over to Glenn to discuss our financials and full year outlook in more detail. In quarter one, IFF generated $3 billion in sales, which reflects 1% comparable currency neutral growth, led by increases in Scent and Pharma Solutions. As we expected, volumes in the first quarter, similar to what we experienced in the fourth quarter of 2022, remained under pressure, down high single digits due mainly to consumer demand slowdowns and significant customer destocking actions. It should be noted that we are also comparing to our strongest year ago comparison, where our volume grew mid- single digits in the first quarter of 2022. Adjusted operating EBITDA finished at $503 million in the first quarter of 2023 and largely was impacted by the lower volumes as well as our proactive effort to rebalance inventories to drive cash flow generation. As we shared earlier this year, we are executing our inventory reduction program making strong progress in the first quarter, as expected while it was cash flow positive, it did lead to a significant headwind in terms of profitability as our fixed costs were absorbed over reduced manufacturing volumes, which represented approximately a 15 percentage point year-over-year impact. At the same time, we were successfully recovering our total inflation through increased pricing actions in the first quarter and executed on our internal productivity initiatives that continue to deliver strong cost and operational efficiencies. From a leverage perspective, our net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was 4.6x. As we disclosed earlier in the quarter, we have proactively renegotiated our debt covenants to ensure IFF's continued resilience as we navigate today's complex global macroeconomic environment. These amended agreements will provide us with maximum flexibility as we grow our business and continue to optimize our portfolio to achieve our target profile. To this end, we continue to deliver on our portfolio optimization commitments. Our Savory Solutions divestiture is now on track to close at the end of May. In February, we also announced the sale of our Flavor Specialty Ingredients business to UK based private firm Exponent for $220 million in cash proceeds, which will be used for debt repayment. We expect that this transaction will close by the end of the third quarter of 2023, subject to customary closing conditions. Moving forward, portfolio divestitures remain a central part of our strategy, and we are evaluating several opportunities to further strengthen our capital structure as we drive towards our targeted leverage profile. Turning to slide 7, I'd like to provide a bit more detail on our sales performance in the quarter. As I mentioned, we delivered more than $3 billion in sales in the first quarter, which represents comparable currency neutral sales growth of 1%. Our revenue growth in the first quarter was led by continued strength in our Scent business and steady performance in Pharma Solutions. In a moment, Glenn will take you through the underlying factors driving the performance across our business segments. But first, it's important I provide high level context on what we are seeing in the environment. Scent once again delivered a strong performance, both fine fragrance and consumer fragrance grew double digits. Our Pharma Solutions segment also delivered solid growth, driven once again by a strong performance in core form. Nourish was flat this quarter as our ingredients business continued to be pressured by macroeconomic factors and destocking, which offset growth in Flavors and Food Design. While certain businesses within our Health and Biosciences segment were also challenged this quarter. Cultures and Food Enzymes and Home and Personal Care were two strong performers in H&B that we expect will continue to gain share throughout the year. Taking a step back and reflecting on our performance, there are essentially a handful of categories that have disproportionately impact our volume performance, specifically with our Nourish segment, our Ingredients division, which represents approximately 25% of total company sales and includes Protein Solutions, Emulsifiers and Sweeteners, core texturants, cellulosics and food protection, drove about 60% of our total volume decline in the quarter. As we outlined at our December Investor Day, we are working to improve our performance and have largely addressed our capacity issues and have improved our service levels in these businesses. We are now working on modifying our pricing strategies, enhancing our commercial coverage and simplifying our internal processes, all to grow our project pipeline and deliver more robust growth going forward. And while this will take time and attention, we are doing so with a sense of urgency to ensure that when current market challenges like destocking subside, we are well positioned to capture market share. Looking at our profitability for this quarter on slide 8, first quarter adjusted operating EBITDA total $503 million, down 19% on a year-over-year comparable currency neutral basis as expected. As I shared on our last call, lower volumes related to consumer demand softness and significant customer inventory destocking. Plus unfavorable manufacturing absorption related to our inventory reduction program meaningfully impacted our profitability despite continued strong pricing and productivity gains. We were successful in generating approximately $60 million of gross productivity gains in the first quarter. However, this strong benefit was offset by higher manufacturing related costs, such as lower yields, slower obsolete inventory, and higher manufacturing inflation. If we look at our profitability performance, absence of the unfavorable manufacturing absorption, comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA would have declined approximately 4%. Looking ahead, we remain intensely focus on controlling our controllables, including identifying additional opportunities to further optimize our operations and strengthen our balance sheet. While we certainly have work to do to fully execute on our refreshed strategic plan, we have taken significant action to ensure our business maintains its flexibility and resilience needed to deliver in any macroeconomic environment. While we do believe 2023 will continue to be impacted by many of these factors, and depending on an improving volume environment the back after the year, we continue to believe we can deliver our long -⁠term adjusted operating EBITDA growth target of 8% to 10% on a comparable, currency neutral basis over the ‘24 to ‘26 time period. I'll now turn it over to Glenn to provide more context around our divisional performance, cash flow, and financial outlook going forward.
Glenn Richter: Thank you, Frank, and thanks to everyone for joining us today. Turning now to slide 9, let me review our first quarter performance across each of our four business segments. In Nourish, sales were flat on a comparable currency neutral basis with growth in Food Design and Flavors, all set by continued volume declines in ingredients. As Frank shared, Nourish ingredients, which includes protein solutions, emulsifiers and sweeteners, core texturants and cellulosics and food protection had the most pronounced volume declines in the quarter representing approximately 60% of our total company volume decline. Despite our pricing actions and productivity initiatives in the quarter, within our Nourish segment, the lower volumes and the unfavorable manufacturing absorption due to our inventory reduction program that I mentioned earlier, more than offset those efforts, contributing to a 27% year -⁠over -⁠year decrease in currency ⁠neutral adjusted operating EBITDA at $208 million. Those same pressures impacted Health and Biosciences this quarter, with a 3% year -⁠over -⁠year decrease in comparable currency ⁠neutral sales and a 19% year -⁠over -⁠year decrease in comparable currency ⁠neutral adjusted operating EBITDA, despite price increases and strong productivity gains. While we saw solid growth in Cultures and Food Enzymes and Home and Personal care, lower volumes and unfavorable manufacturing absorption also pressured our performance. As Frank mentioned earlier, our Scent division continues to perform quite well, delivering an 8% increase in comparable currency ⁠neutral sales and a 1% increase in comparable currency ⁠neutral adjusted operating EBITDA, driven by double ⁠digit growth in Fine Fragrance and Consumer Fragrance. Scent’s growth this quarter was driven by higher volumes, pricing, and productivity gains, as the division has remained resilient. Lastly, I'm pleased to share the Pharma Solution has delivered a 4% increase in comparable currency neutral sales, led by continued growth in core pharma. That said, like Nourish and Health and Biosciences, the segment was also impacted by lower volumes and unfavorable manufacturing absorption, leading to a 6% decrease in comparable currency ⁠neutral adjusted operating EBITDA. Overall for the quarter, sales and EBITDA were slightly ahead of our expectations, with pricing on track, modestly better volumes, and favorable productivity. Now on slide 10, I'll discuss our cash flow and leverage position for the quarter. Cash flow from operations grew $127 million this quarter, which is an improvement versus the negative $4 million we reported in a year ago period. One bright spot in the quarter was approximately a $200 million decrease in inventory versus our year end 2022. As I discussed on our fourth quarter call, we have initiated a number of actions across our business and supply chain, genes, including system process enhancements, to rapidly reduce our inventories over the course of the year. While this is adversely impacting the P&L through negative manufacturing absorption, it is a short-⁠term impact that will be recovered over time. Looking ahead, while the majority of our efforts to reduce inventories for 2023 are behind us, we do have near-⁠term headwind in Q2, albeit to a lesser degree than Q1, as we continue to correct our over inventory position and maximize cash flow. I also want to note that accounts payable on the quarter was adversely impacted as a result of season payment patterns, and by our inventory reduction program, whereby we slowed the purchase of raw materials, which had a direct impact on our AP. We expect this will improve over the course of the year as we achieve our target inventory level. CapEx spending for the quarter was $175 million, or approximately 5.8% of sales. This was elevated due to project timing and we expect to moderate through the balance of the year. We continue to believe that we will be around $500 million in CapEx for full year 2023. Our cash flow for the first quarter was negative $48 million. This is consistent with the seasonality of cash flows for our business. Included in our free cash flow is about $100 million of costs, primarily related to integration and transaction related costs. In terms of leverage, we finished the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $594 million which includes $4 million in assets currently held for sale. While net debt totaled $10.7 billion, our trailing 12-month credit adjusted EBITDA totaled approximately $2.3 billion, and our net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA was 4.6x for the quarter as we mentioned earlier. While our leverage position is slightly higher than in the past few quarters, we were proactive in renegotiating our debt covenants in the first quarter. To ensure that we have appropriate capital flexibility as we execute on our strategic priorities in what may continue to be a challenging market. Importantly, we continue to actively evaluate the portfolio with consideration for further divestitures that provide additional financial flexibility and debt pay down without impacting our long term aspirations. Turning to slide 11 for our consolidated outlook for the fiscal year 2023. As we look ahead to the balance of the year, we continue to believe our volume performance will improve, yet acknowledge that market conditions remain uncertain. In our discussion with customers, the majority have signaled that their destocking efforts are ending, as they believe the consumer will remain resilient in the second half. Nevertheless, we have yet to see a broad based volume improvement across our business, but we remain steadfast in our focus to control what we can control to protect profitability, maximize cash flow, and drive portfolio optimization. For the full year, we now expect sales to be approximately $12.3 billion versus $12.5 billion previously. This change is largely related to energy and raw material pass-through price adjustments. In addition, we have a modest increase in unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. As we noted on our February earnings call, about 30% of our original 6% pricing guidance was related to energy inflation, much of which is pass-through via surcharges with energy prices having moderated significantly. We are maintaining our expectation of flat comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA growth and continue to believe adjusted operating EBITDA will be approximately $2.34 billion. Foreign exchange headwinds are expected to continue to pressure sales and comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA growth which we now expect will adversely impact us 1% and 3% respectively. This incremental pressure is due to a handful of hyperinflationary currencies that have and we expect will continue to significantly devalue over the course of 2023. On a comparable currency neutral basis, all the above noted items translate into approximately 5% versus is approximately 6% previously. The sole driver once again is the energy and raw material pass-through price adjustments as we continue to believe volumes will be flat for the full year. In terms of calendarization, we believe volume will sequentially improve each quarter with a growth rebound expected in the second half of the year as the market challenges are expected to subside and our year ago comparisons are more favorable. To provide additional context, first quarter volume performance was modestly better than we anticipated, with the second quarter modestly lower. The net result is that on a first half basis we are broadly in line with our expectation, which we believe will be offset by a favorable second half. On a two year average basis, we expect first half volumes to be approximately negative 2%, reflective of destocking, and second half volumes to be up plus 2%. For the second quarter specifically, we expect sales to be approximately $3 billion to $3.1 billion, with volume performance down mid-single digits and adjusted operating EBITDA of approximately $540 million to $590 million. We remain intensely focused on improving our inventory levels and driving cost savings through productivity and restructuring initiatives to ensure we generate strong cash flow for the full year. As a result, we continue to target 2023 adjusted free cash flow of more than $1 billion, excluding cost related integration, restructuring and geo related items. Turning to slide 12, we recognize that we continue to face a challenging environment, including reduced visibility on consumer and customer demand outlook and the path of inflation. However, we remain intently focused on what we can control with the goal of continuing to strengthen IFF's operating foundation and execution performance. As we've discussed, there are a few top operational priorities that will enable IFF to not only manage these complexities, but also to drive long-term profitable growth. Our highest long-term priority is accelerating top line growth. To achieve this goal, we are making key strategic investments in key areas of our business and continue to be more surgical in our pricing actions to ensure we recover inflationary pressures while supporting volume growth. We have also made great progress in enhancing our customer service and supply chain agility to reduce bottlenecks and increase efficiency. In the first quarter, we maintained strong service levels while also reducing our inventories, improving approximately $200 million from December ’22 in conjunction with this, we will be rolling out a redesigned sales, inventory and operations planning process. Enhancing productivity also remains essential as part of our transformation. As mentioned earlier, during the quarter we successfully achieved approximately $60 million of productivity benefits and began seeing initial results from our restructuring program. I expect this benefit will rapidly increase over the balance of the year. And be a strong contributor to our EBITDA performance this year. Last, we remain laser focused on improving our cash flows and delivering our long-term deleveraging target. We expect to continue to make improvements in net working capital through the balance of 2023 and into next year. We are in parallel executing against our portfolio optimization efforts, continuing to divest noncore business, In Q2 and Q3, we expect to complete the sale of our Savory Solutions and Flavored Specialty Ingredients businesses with proceeds used to pay down debt. Going forward, this is a central part of our strategy and we continue to evaluate additional portfolio optimization opportunities to strengthen our capital structure. With that, I would like to turn the call back over to Frank.
Frank Clyburn: Thank you, Glenn. Moving to slide 13, I would like to summarize our current position. In line first quarter results and reiterate where we are headed for the remainder of 2023. Over the years, IFF has remained resilient amid a variety of market conditions while successfully transforming the business to meet evolving customer needs. The same is true today as we focus on controlling what we can control and executing on the operational priorities outlined in our strategic refresh in order to achieve our financial vision and drive sustainable, profitable growth that benefits all of our stakeholders. We continue to believe our volume will improve, yet acknowledge that market conditions remain uncertain. As Glenn mentioned earlier, a majority of our customers have signaled that they expect destocking efforts will end and believe the consumer will remain resilient in the second half. We will continue to take action to stay nimble. Strengthen our financial and operational foundation and maintain our resilience as we continue to be diligently focused on delivering our operational and financial objectives. Moving forward, we remain committed to bringing strong products and innovation to our customers as we meet or exceed their service expectations. Financially, we are focused on improving our working capital positioned by rapidly reducing inventory levels to increase cash flow generation and we will continue to execute on our growth focused strategy by enhancing productivity, driving operational efficiencies and prioritizing our highest return businesses, all while maintaining capital discipline. We have started the year in line with our objectives and are confident in our ability to continue to execute going forward. Once again, I want to thank our teams for their tireless work to innovate and bring to market the essential products and solutions that shape so many of our daily experiences. And I have no doubt that we are well on track to build a more efficient, agile and customer centric organization poised to deliver sustainable, profitable growth in any market environment. With that, I would like to now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Heidi Vesterinen with BNP Paribas.
Heidi Vesterinen: Good morning. So I wondered if you could please talk more about the cadence of volume and margin performance to the quarters to get your guidance, please, and specifically on volume. So you reported Q1 volumes down high single digits, which I think is what you had guided for originally, but then in your speech, you said that it was better than expected. And then you're now saying, I think Q2 is looking somewhat worse than expected, and I think your guidance used to be down low single digits. So can you clarify what the guidance for Q2, please? Perhaps if you can also comment by segment and then same for margins through the year, please. Thank you.
Frank Clyburn: Hi, Heidi. It's Frank. A couple of things. So in Q1, we had guided to your point high single digits volume decline, and we actually performed a little bit better than what we had assumed in that original guidance, sales were up 1%, as you know, on a currency neutral basis. So a little bit of ahead in Q1. Q2 is slight down from what we had assumed originally. However, when we take a step back, Heidi, think about the first half of the year, mid-single digit volume decline, which is pretty much right on what we had expected at the beginning of the year. So really what you're seeing is a phasing and shift for the first half of the year, mid-single digit decline in volume. And we'll talk a little bit more about some of the different areas here in just a bit. The second half of the year, what we are anticipating and assuming is obviously against a much easier comp as we get to the back half of the year. We are making the assumption that we will have mid-single digit growth in the second half of the year, which then, when you look at the full year, has our volume being flat year-over-year. So let me unpack a little bit about some of the key assumptions as we get into the back half of the year and even into the second quarter. First, destocking, we are assuming that ends pretty much in Q2. So if you think about destocking, Heidi, we saw this really come to fruition in Q4, the volumes were down high single digits of Q4 of ‘22. We continue to see destocking in Q1 and some destocking is continuing in Q2. But we think destocking at the end as we head into the second half of the year. This is really important for our protein solutions business and health business that were significantly impacted by destocking. Second, the assumption is that consumer trends do remain resilient. There's some uncertainty in that but if we look at what we have heard from our customers and as we're working with them and bringing innovative solutions. In Home and Personal Care, we saw good growth in the first quarter. We anticipate that will continue, dish detergent, a lot of innovative projects that we're working on and we see good progress and acceleration as we go into the second half of the year. We think food and beverage will still remain resilient. Obviously, our flavors business is really important there grew in Q1 and we anticipate we will see accelerated sequential performance as we go throughout this year and in the back half. We also are focused on improving our ingredients business. We've discussed that really a focus on putting some additional resources behind ingredients. Our customer service has improved significantly. We have the capacity to serve customers. So that's something that we are also assuming as we go forward and in our ingredients business. And then we're seeing resilience in consumer and fine fragrance, and we anticipate that to continue. And then also pharma continues to be resilient as well. So when we take a step back from a volume perspective, Heidi, think of first half down mid-single digit volume, second half up mid-single digit volume, and then ultimately volume flat for the full year. The third thing that we are seeing that we believe will accelerate in the back half of the year and improve sequentially is geographical volume growth in the back half. For instance, China, this quarter, Heidi was up 2% in sales. Asia Pacific, or I should say Greater Asia, was up 1%. As we talk to our teams in Asia and in China, while the opening is still slow in parts of China, we are seeing improved signals from customers. And that gives us confidence as we get into the back half of the year that you will see geographical improvement. And then we've also noted that North America has been challenged for us over the last couple of quarters. We anticipate sequentially that will improve as we get to the back half of the year. So that's the assumptions from a volume perspective, a lot of like we said, there's some uncertainty, but we're believing that those three assumptions and drivers are what gives us the assumption at this point in time to hold our volume flat for the year. In addition to that, as you look at the back half of the year, there's a couple of other things I will highlight. On the call, we spoke about the fact that absorption in the first quarter was a headwind for us. It will be a headwind in Q2 to a lesser degree, obviously, as you get to the back half of the year, that will go positive and help us. And then in addition to that, if you recall, we highlighted that we have our cost reduction program. Full year, we highlighted a cost reduction program of $100 million. We highlighted a run rate of $70 million to $75 million for the year. And if you look at the back half, that is where you'll see the majority of that benefit in the second half of this year as we execute on our cost and people reduction program. So when we take all those things into account, Heidi, that is why we feel as though holding our EBITDA guidance to the $2.34 billion that Glenn highlighted was the appropriate assumption at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: Yes, thanks. And good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask about guidance and then some of the troubled areas within the business. So in your opinion, are you being more conservative or optimistic than you were previously? It seems like underlying assumptions, maybe from a consumer dynamic, has changed to be more positive within the underlying guidance. I'm curious if you could comment on that. And then for the more challenged portions of the portfolio, things like the legacy and [inaudible] and ingredients. In terms of what you highlighted, what proactive steps are you taking to offset what seems like perhaps more permanent and structural volumetric share loss? Meaning like improving service levels doesn't seem like it could be enough to change the trajectory of the business, but perhaps I'm wrong. So sort of curious how you're thinking about what you can do to improve those pieces of the business which have been dragging performance and losing share. Thanks.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Mark, it’s Frank, a couple of things. One is with regards to the businesses that were challenged, and some of these as we have highlighted clearly were due to what we see more destocking and end market demand and not necessarily share loss. But I will also acknowledge there has been share loss in other parts of our business. So for instance in health, Mark, you highlighted, we have discussed that the probiotic market in North America several times. In that business in particular, we have been really focused on our resources into that marketplace. That is really the down in volume has been driven much more by destocking and end market softness. But with that said, we have a strong focus with our health team. There's a lot of reviews with our commercial team, and we are starting to see sequential improvement in that business, Mark, as we go forward. In our Ingredients business, as I just highlighted, there's a couple of things that we are put in place. One, our customer service levels were not where they needed to be. We highlighted that during our Investor Day. They have improved significantly, Mark. So that is a big, I would say, plus for us, and we're getting good positive feedback from customers. So customer service levels in the on time performance range of 90% to 95% is really important, and we're there. Second, we now have the capacity that we need to supply customers. We had run into capacity challenges in the past, so we now have the supply that we need. Third, we are putting targeted resources in specific markets that are going to be focused on commercial customers around ingredients. So additional resources Mark, to your point are also a part of what we are doing. And then, four, what has been encouraging, we had gotten away from really good pipeline development with our customers in that space. And I can tell you this is going to take some time, but we are seeing good projects now come to fruition, and we are seeing pipeline progress in nourish and in ingredients since specifically. So those are the areas of focus. The team is spending a lot of time really looking at how we can accelerate our sales performance in those areas.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein.
Gunther Zechmann: Hi, thank you. Hi, Frank. Hi, Glenn. Can you please provide your insights into the cash flow progression, the cadence throughout the year and the $1 billion free cash flow, adjusted free cash flow target? And also within that, could you just discuss and outline what you've embedded in terms of working capital improvement, please?
Glenn Richter: Good afternoon, Gunther. Thanks for the question. I think the summarized version is we're actually tracking quite well against our objectives. And I'll sort of unpack, as you know, the two big contributors relative to our adjusted free cash flow combination of achieving our earnings guidance and then secondarily all the work on working capital. We had a very good quarter relative to our expectations around working capital. As a reminder, our full year objectives for working capital are consisted of a $200 million point on point, yearend reduction in inventory and then $100 million increase between payables and receivables for a net $100 million reduction in net working capital. The biggest driver of that, obviously, is inventory at that $200 million, that $200 million reduction is actually a $350 million volume reduction with $160 million of basically price escalation, i.e. raw material cost increases coming through. In the first quarter, focusing on inventory, we actually were over $200 million down inclusive of around $80 million of price escalation. So the volume component in the first quarter was $280 million against our full year objective of $350 million. So we're trending quite well. We will probably actually get to the full sort of, our initial level of inventory reduction by the end of the second quarter at this point in time. Payables and receivables, they're a little lumpy seasonally. We're feeling very good about achieving those objectives at the end of the year. So overall we feel very good, particularly relative to the working capital improvements.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Credit Suisse.
John Roberts: Thank you. How do you explain what appears to be underlying consumer strength in fragrances versus the underlying consumer weakness in food, ingredients? Or maybe the question should be how did the channels get so overstocked in food, ingredients and not so overstocked in fragrance consumer products? And are there significant divergences in the current point of sale volumes between packaged food and fragrance products?
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Hi, John. This is Frank. What we have seen in consumer fragrances, in particular, we saw a very strong Q1. In fact, we also saw a very strong Q1 in fine fragrances as well. So we feel really good about what we're seeing. I think consumer fragrances, it was a lot of, I would say pent-up demand. I think you are seeing clearly some positive trends on what we have been working with our customers, in particular, bringing new innovation to consumer fragrances. We've worked with lot of the large consumer packaged goods companies over the last several years and I think this is where we really have brought strong innovation in our consumer business. So we feel really good about that. There clearly was an inventory build significantly in ingredients as we've highlighted. You could see it as you go through the first part of ‘22 and then you look all the way back to ‘21. I think that what took place in those businesses in particular, uncertainty around supply chains and companies wanting to make sure that they had the supply necessary as you went through a lot of volatility in the supply chains, which is what caused the build. And obviously now what we're seeing is some of the destocking from those efforts in those businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Spector with UBS.
Lucas Beaumont: Yes. Good morning. This is Lucas Beaumont on for Josh. So just wanted to focus on the production cost under absorption. Could you please tell us sort of what was the actual size of the impact there in 1Q? Look like maybe $150 million or so in the EBITDA bridge. And then looking at 2Q in the second half, how much residual impact are you assuming in each period as the year progresses? And finally, if we get a scenario where volumes kind of disappoint to the downside, would that get larger? Thanks.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Hey. Thanks for the question. This is Glenn. Within the first quarter, the negative absorption impact was $100 million, which translates actually into 330 basis points of impact on EBITDA margin. That represented a year-over-year volume decline of about 20%. So think about our annual fixed cost base for our manufacturing base of about $2 billion. Every one point on an annualized basis is basically worth about $20 million. So hence why we're able to reduce our inventory so significantly, we took production down significantly, so I'll say a onetime event of $100 million. We are expecting, as I mentioned, to continue to make progress on reducing inventories and expecting to have mid-single digit down volume in the second quarter. That translates into another $50 million of negative absorption. We are anticipating actually positive absorption in the second half of the year as Frank mentioned. We're expecting mid-single digit growth in the second half of the year. So production volumes being up year-over-year. Again, the context of the risk associated or opportunity associated with declines or increases in manufacturing, one point on a full year basis is equal to $20 million of negative absorption. So if you think about two points in the second half, that would be the equivalency of that $20 million. We have discussed in the past. We will have to continue to consider that if we continue to see volume softer than our expectations, what will be the balance of continuing to manage cash flow and keep our inventories in the right place for production efficiency purposes versus basically the earnings profile. So they're clearly in a softer environment than anticipated. There is some risk of further negative absorption in the second half of the year. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Yes, just judging by some of the comments from your major customers out of this earnings season, it clearly looks like the global consumer is a little bit weaker. Just curious, given inflation has peaked and just your more recent conversations with your customers, do you get a sense as to whether some of the promotional activity that your customers typically resort to during periods of weakness, are they starting to contemplate that? Just trying to get a sense as to the risk profile as we cycle through the rest of the year because you will be passed these talking, but we still have a weaker consumer. Thanks.
Frank Clyburn: Yes, hi. This is Frank. I think as we talk to our customers, at least the big consumer good companies, I would say they're probably cautiously optimistic on the resiliency of the consumer. They are stepping up in certain categories, promotional activities and efforts. We have clearly seen a lot of, I would say good focus from them on innovation and looking for new projects as they continue to focus on building out their future offerings to consumers. I also think that what is taking place is if you look at from our lens and it goes back to what I was highlighting, we do anticipate that sequential improvement will continue from a volume perspective. So just to reiterate a couple of points in particular in the areas that are really key for us, the sequential lift going from first half down mid-single digits to positive mid-single digits in the second half. We do continue to see working with our customers very clear opportunities for that sequential step up, especially against a softer back comparison quarter in the back half. So we believe that our consumer companies that we're working closely with are the ones that are highlighting differentiation and innovation has been key. And that's something that we will continue to focus and work on as a company.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Keches with Barclays.
Andrew Keches: Yes, hi. Good morning. Glenn, I was hoping to get a little more context for your deleveraging plans over the next well, this year and next. So you came into this year a little over 4x on the net basis that figure has gone up, again as expected, you do have those divestitures announced which will help you get leverage back down, it looks like to about where you came into the year, but I think it still looks like we're going to end the year around flat in 2023 from a leverage standpoint. So I guess that leaves you with a lot of wood to chop next year to get down to that 3.0x target. So I guess the question is do you expect to get there organically or at this point do you actually need those additional portfolio actions to drive the accelerated deleveraging and actually get you there next year? And then related to that, it's not lost to me that your dividend is really absorbing all your cash flow at this point. So to the extent that conditions do deteriorate from here or you can't optimize the portfolio further, are you open to considering a dividend reduction or cut at some point to preserve the investment grade status?
Glenn Richter: Hey Andrew, this is Glenn, thanks for the question. Agree relative to wood chopping, that's why I have a hatchet with me today. But relative to your assumption for this year, you're correct. We were a little over 4x at the beginning of the year. We will be receiving net proceeds after tax distributions transaction over $750 million, combination of this quarter and next quarter related to the sales saving solutions and FSI which will all go to debt pay down relative to getting to the 3x times or less by the end of next year. We are fully committed to that. That will be achieved through a combination of three elements. One, we continue to have opportunity to improve our working capital position. We expect to continue to make progress next year from this year. Secondarily, we do expect the earnings trajectory will improve significantly next year. Part of it is overlapping some significant items, such as $100 million of negative absorption and then getting the top line going with our productivity program. So that's the second thing either denominator improving, but that all being said, divestitures clearly play a role in getting to that less than 3x. We have been very active reviewing the portfolio. We are proceeding on multiple fronts. We are fully confident that we have an attractive set of assets that actually aren't ideal fits for our portfolio. We are past the two year anniversary of the Reverse Morris Trust considerations as of February this year of note, and we are proceeding quite well on that path. So I'd say our confidence remains high and commitment remains high to get to less than 3x. And regarding cutting the dividend, that is not on the table at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Mizuho.
Christopher Parkinson: Thank you. You adjusted your revenue guidance a little bit. You're citing some energy and raw movements. Just can you remind us of just how much of your portfolio passes through? And just as a corollary of that, can you also just give us a real quick update on price cost movements, yes, for the balance of ‘23 and just what portion of your portfolio you believe will reign resilient in terms of pricing? Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Hey, Chris. It's Glenn again. Relative to energy, as a reminder, in our original guidance, at the beginning of the year, we had 6% gross pricing in the P&L. 30% of that, or a little less than two points, was associated with energy. About 75% of our energy prices are either directly via index or indirectly via aligned surcharge attached to energy pass-through to customers, and they are generally reviewed on a quarterly basis. We expect that as we mentioned, we're taking a point out of that just because there's been a very significant decline in energy prices globally. We believe that that will be relatively net neutral this year, in part not only because the pass-through, but secondary timing. The majority of our energy prices actually sit in inventory because they're part of production cost. So with 140 days of inventory, they sort of match by the end of the year. There should be some overlap as we roll into next year, but for this year, we're assuming that the energy net is sort of neutral from a P&L standpoint. In general, we are seeing positive deflationary trends not only in energy, but in logistics as well as in certain raw materials. So that is favorable relative to the portfolio, as we mentioned in the past, we believe that is a potential upside. It would be either late this year because generally the rolls obviously run through inventories, but could be meaningful next year. And relative to our portfolio, we would say that roughly 60 to two thirds of our portfolio have some degree of resiliency, i.e. less commoditized, more uniqueness relative to characteristic. But I would caution we're in the early days of deflation. So I think it's a little early to declare sort of significant margin capture relative to improvements in raw material and other costs as well. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. In the prepared remarks, you guys commented on pricing, particularly in Nourish as a revisiting of pricing strategy. So I was just kind of curious if we could talk a little bit more about that kind of where you think there are areas to adjust what you kind of meant by that. And then a corollary would be just a discussion on Nourish margins over time. Kind of been in that like, 12% range over the past two quarters. And I was just curious how you're thinking about Nourish profitability, perhaps looking further out and also, again, notice adjustment in pricing strategy. Thanks.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Hey, Lauren, it's Frank. On the pricing strategy, we are working with customers to balance price volume opportunities. So clearly this is not across the board, but very surgical, Lauren, in our practices, in particular, in certain geographies and I would highlight in great areas of China and certain markets where there is more price sensitivity. We are looking at price volume, but not across the board. So very surgical approach to pricing. Margins will improve, Lauren, over this year and over time. Remember that Nourish based on the first quarter, a lot of the manufacturing absorption impacted the Nourish division in Q1. There'll be some impact, as we've highlighted in Q2. And then things will improve in the back half for Nourish and for the company.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America.
Matthew DeYoe: Good morning, everyone. Frank, can you talk a little bit about the enzymes business? I know it's a big consumer of energy and footprint is pretty European based. So the gas price in Europe, with that coming off a lot, is that an area where energy will be given back in price? Do you think you can hold on to it there? And I guess, given all the volatility on the cost center, where are margins now for enzymes versus maybe where they were in 2021? And where do you think they may be by the end of the year?
Frank Clyburn: Yes, I'll have to take a look back in ‘21. But let me give you the enzyme business and take a step back. One, we think this is a really important business for us, and we're seeing great innovation in our enzyme business. As I highlighted, we saw really good growth in home and personal care. We continue to see really good growth from our food and cultural enzymes. And we're seeing encouraging now trends as destocking improves in our probiotic business. Grain processing, animal nutrition is still somewhat challenged, but we are working very diligently on those businesses. From a margin perspective, I'll take a, look, remember that as we look at 2021, our overall margins were obviously, I think, better in ‘21. We did see obviously decline based off of what has happened from inflation. So clearly that has impacted us in 2022. Manufacturing absorption also impacted us as we hit the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year. But over time, we're really confident in the margin progression and improvement in the health and biosciences business as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Silica Cook with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst : Hi, good morning. There's like $52 million in severance charges you recorded this quarter. Is that roughly like 500 people that are supposed to leave? And can you tell how many have left so far and how many are to leave? And I have a follow up on volumes. If you volumes split out mid-single digits for the quarter, does that mean that we're down high single digits in nutrition and in health and bio? Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Hey Sopha, this is Glenn. We are expecting charges of roughly $75 million full year for the cost reduction program. That will be an annualized impact of about $100 million. We expect kind of around $72 million to hit the P&L this year. For obvious reasons, I'm not going to describe sort of the pace at which exits in the organization are happening from the standpoint. So that covers that. Can you remind me the second question again?
Unidentified Analyst : I was wondering whether your volume headwinds were like in the high single digits -- were down . I was wondering whether volumes were in high single digits in both nourish and, in your healthcare, and bio segment.
Glenn Richter: Yes. As we had mention, the softish part of our business from a volume standpoint was in Nourish. But more specifically that really was in the ingredients portfolio, which is roughly $3 billion of Nourish on an annualized basis. So that's where it was concentrated for flavors and food designs generally were fine. Thank you. There are no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Frank Clyburn for closing remarks.
Frank Clyburn: Thank you everyone and appreciate the time today for our first quarter earnings call. And we look forward to future updates and continuing our transformation. And our overall path to a very strong, profitable, growth profile company and helping consumers around the world. Look forward to speaking to you soon.
Operator: That concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-09 09:00:00) =====
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode into the formal Q&A portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: [Audio Dip]
Frank Clyburn: Good morning to everybody. I want to start today's call by recognizing our teams in the incredible work they've done throughout 2022 to bolster IFF's industry leadership and also to continue delivering innovative solutions for our customers amid the challenging operating environment. As part of our Investor Day in December, we unveiled the next phase of our strategic transformation including our strategic priorities and a refreshed operating model that will better position IFF to drive long-term profitable growth and capitalize on the market opportunities ahead of us. The plan seeks to maximize our competitive advantage and ensure that we are operating as an even more innovative, efficient and disciplined company. As we delivered solid 2022 result and 2023 is in full swing, I’m pleased to share that we are advancing key elements of this plan and excited to update you on today's call. It is a true privilege to work along such talented and dedicated colleagues. Across our global platform, it is clear that our teams are committed to IFF's continued transformation as we delivered unmatched innovation, service and quality in the solutions that meet the needs of our customers, both today and tomorrow. Now on Slide 6, I'd like to reiterate the financial and strategic initiatives central to the strategic refresh that we were discussing during our Investor Day last December. Following an extensive assessment with our key stakeholders, including our customers, shareholders and key partners, we've identified several top priorities that will guide IFF's next chapter. First, we're focused on jump-starting even stronger growth across the business. There's no question that our robust portfolio provides a clear strategic advantage by doubling down on customer excellence and making strategic investments in the opportunities that will reap the greatest returns for our business will be better positioned to drive sustained profitable growth. We have many of the pieces in place to support future growth, a highly diversified offering, serving attractive end markets, global talent and a world-class R&D organization. Our long-term success requires a more disciplined approach to ensure that growth does not come at the cost of profitability. We must deliver on this objective, and we are laser-focused on doing so, particularly amid the macroeconomic pressures we are facing today, it is essential that we target enhanced cost and productivity initiatives. In 2022, we implemented several productivity and cost reduction efforts that have proven effective towards offsetting market challenges. Ultimately, our goal is to realize net annual savings of approximately $350 million to $400 million between 2023 and 2025, including the additional $100 million in run rate savings we announced at our Investor Day to support this reinvestment and increased profitability. Moving forward, we will be disciplined to focus on the areas of our business that will best support our profitable growth, investing in R&D to get projects to market more efficiently, enhancing end-to-end productivity to drive improved costs and processes and further improving our supply chain to be more efficient. An essential component of our value creation plan is our work to simplify our operating model to closely align with our three core end markets: food and beverage, home and personal care and health and become One IFF. This new model will be critical to achieve the goals I just outlined as we enhance our ability to grow profitably through a more customer-centric and market-backed approach. As a result of these efforts, we are building a stronger financial profile for IFF and are targeting sales growth of 4% to 6% and adjusted operating EBITDA growth of 8% to 10% on a comparable currency-neutral basis over 2024, 2025 and 2026. We also remain committed to deleveraging our balance sheet below the 3x net debt-to-credit adjusted EBITDA objective for 2024. Underpinning these efforts will be an intense focus on enhancing our ESG leadership and accelerating our efforts to contribute to a more sustainable world through our operations and initiatives. We will also continue efforts to optimize our portfolio, ensuring we have the offering needed to support future growth while pursuing noncore divestitures like our recent announced sale of our Savory Solutions business to improve our capital structure. Doing so, will allow IFF to reinvest in the high growth areas of our business while ensuring we are operating most efficiently as an organization. Lastly, we continue to take steps to evolve our Board in line with best-in-class governance standards, with plans to reduce the size of our board from 14 to a target of no more than 10 IFF directors and one icon capital designee director by the 2023 Annual Shareholder Meeting. With this initiative, we are also focused on the composition of the Board and prioritizing the inclusion of senior executives with the most relevant skills, leadership experience and business expertise needed to support IFF's long-term vision. As you may have seen, we have some additional board changes since our Investor Day where we announced Mark Costa is joining us. I would like to welcome Dawn Willoughby and Gary Hu to our Board as well. I also want to take the opportunity to thank several Board members that have recently come off the board or has been announced and will do so at the annual meeting. We are grateful for the years of tremendous contribution and for all of their hard work and service to IFF. Thank you to Dale Morrison, Michael Ducker, Ilene Gordon and Kare Schultz. In addition, I would like to congratulate Roger Ferguson on his upcoming appointment to the Chair of the Board and look forward to continuing to work together. Moving to Slide 7. I would like to spend a moment highlighting our new strategic framework. This recently introduced framework will be guided by three key pillars: be the premier partner, build our future and become one IFF. Our recently introduced strategic framework is designed to support our mission to do what matters most and drive sustained profitable growth. With our refreshed approach, we have zeroed in on customer excellence, incremental cost reductions, consistent execution and disciplined investments to advance the opportunities with greatest potential returns. This strategy deeply embeds ESG+ priorities across our entire enterprise, strengthening IFF's commitment to positively impact our environmental footprint in the communities in which we operate. With this refreshed strategic framework, we are better positioned to meet evolving customer expectations. We're aligning even more powerfully with our customers while fulfilling our purpose of applying science and creativity for a better world. Now on Slide 8, there are eight key areas that underpin our strategy to advance our growth agenda and pursue cost reduction and enhance our operating plan. Our growth strategy will rely on improvements to our supply chain, enhanced commercial execution, geographic expansion and advantages from harnessing our innovation advantage. As I mentioned, our focus on driving greater productivity and efficiency are equally important to our sustained success. And finally, introducing our end market-driven operating model, strengthening our talent pipeline and culture and improving our digital capabilities will complement our ongoing growth and productivity initiatives to support our long-term strategy. Together, these focus areas will enable us to unlock incremental value for our stakeholders and pursue profitable growth in 2023 and beyond while staying nimble through macroeconomic conditions. Moving to Slide 9. I'd like to review IFF's performance for the full year in which we delivered solid top and bottom line performance despite a very volatile market environment. These results and the progress we've made toward our key operational priorities demonstrate the strength of our global teams, the demand for our offerings and the effectiveness of our productivity initiatives. In 2022, we delivered $12.4 billion in sales, a 9% growth over the previous year on a comparable currency-neutral basis. Adjusted operating EBITDA was approximately $2.5 billion, which equated to comparable currency-neutral adjusted EBITDA growth of 4% versus the prior year. While we were challenged by inflationary pressures over the year, our pricing actions and productivity initiatives helped us to offset and address these challenges over the course of the year. All-in, IFF recovered more than $1 billion in revenue through strategic price increases in 2022. This allowed us to fully offset our raw material, energy and logistics inflation seen throughout the year. We also continue to execute on our productivity agenda where our focus on greater efficiency and the optimization of our supply chain to reduce cost delivering nearly $150 million in productivity benefits in 2022. Aligned with our portfolio optimization initiative, we also successfully completed the sale of our Microbial Control business and announced the sale of our Savory Solutions business. Together, these transactions will contribute more than $2 billion in gross proceeds to strengthen our capital structure. We will continue to examine our business and explore additional noncore divestitures and other timely optimization opportunities to further reduce our debt and direct focus to our core parts of the business. At year-end, our net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio was 4.1x. While we made progress against our deleveraging target, this will be a priority for us moving forward as we prioritize cash flow generation in 2023. Now on Slide 10, I’m pleased to share that IFF delivered $12.4 billion in revenue for the full year, representing 9% growth in year-over-year currency-neutral sales. Our Nourish business was a major growth driver, though we saw growth across our four divisions in nearly all of our submarkets. I will cover this in a bit more detail in a minute. As expected, foreign currency impacted our results through the year given the significant volatility across the global markets in which we operate. Looking at our overall profitability in 2022 on Slide 11, despite the combination of inflation and global supply challenges, pressuring our profitability margin, IFF delivered 4% growth in comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA. As I mentioned earlier, the strategic pricing actions taken throughout the year were essential in managing the significant inflation we face. The productivity initiatives we undertaken in 2022 more than offset volume weakness as we deliver nearly $150 million in operational efficiencies, which drove our full year profitability in the challenging operating environment. Moving forward, we'll continue to closely monitor the macroeconomic environment and take the steps in the areas which we can control to ensure we deliver for our customers, our shareholders and our stakeholders. On Slide 12, now our strong performance across business segments showcased the resilience of our portfolio and the underlying dynamics contributing to our overall top line growth. For the full year, Nourish achieved currency-neutral sales growth of 11% compared to the previous year, with $6.8 billion in overall net sales. This was led by double-digit growth in food designs and ingredients as pricing actions and productivity initiatives led to a 5% increase in adjusted operating EBITDA. Although, impacted by lower volumes, price increases in Health and Bioscience enabled the business to deliver 4% currency-neutral sales growth in 2022, primarily driven by strong performance across all segments, particularly in culture and food enzymes and animal nutrition. Scent also delivered strong 8% currency neutral growth with total net sales totaling $2.3 billion, led by double-digit growth in Fine Fragrance and strong single-digit increase in Ingredients and Consumer segments. Pharma Solutions achieved 15% currency-neutral growth driven by demand in our pharma business and mid-single-digit growth in industrial. Due to volume growth and successful results from our pricing and productivity initiatives, Pharma Solutions enhanced profitability and achieved an impressive 25% increase in adjusted operating EBITDA. Before turning it over to Glenn, I want to provide a comment around fourth quarter performance. While we anticipated a challenging quarter, the combination of volume deterioration throughout the quarter accelerated in December, as well as its impact on our P&L and negative manufacturing absorption and higher inventories led to a shortfall relative to our expectations. Much of this can be attributed to customer destocking and also softening consumer demand, consistent with what many of our customers have already reported. Nevertheless, as an organization, we need to be better at driving volume growth with our customers, an imperative part of our go-forward strategy. In addition, we will enhance our demand management efforts, process and tools as it relates to inventory management to ensure we are maximizing cash flow generation. I am confident that the addition of new leadership, particularly in Nourish division when our new leaders named and in operations with the recent addition of Ralf Finzel. I have no doubt that through greater commercial execution and more defined processes, we have a lot of opportunity ahead to maximize value creation for our shareholders.  I'll now turn the call over to Glenn to provide you an update on fourth quarter results and an overview of business level performance.
Glenn Richter: Thank you, Frank. Greetings, everyone. Let me add my apologies for the technical issue. You should have seen we're both sweating. So I'll start off by just reiterating, as Frank mentioned, the financial and operational initiatives we implemented during the year, they have proven valuable in helping buffer the broader economic headwinds. But at the same time, we recognize, while we've taken some important steps, we have not fully delivered against our financial objectives. We recognize we have more room for improvement to realize our goals and create a more profitable organization, and I assure you we continue to be intently focused on this going forward. Looking at fourth quarter results, IFF generated $2.8 billion in sales revenue. On a comparable currency-neutral basis, sales were up 4% for the quarter with growth achieved across nearly all divisions. Our adjusted operating EBITDA in the fourth quarter was $441 million, and our comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA declined 5%. As it was significantly impacted by lower volumes more than anticipated, which led to meaningful impact from negative manufacturing fixed cost absorption despite continued strong pricing and productivity gains. Because of this, we saw a year-over-year decline of approximately 200 basis points to our adjusted operating EBITDA margin. Despite being partially offset by lower effective tax rate, our Q4 EPS ex amortization was 12% lower due to lower adjusted operating profit. Currency headwinds also present a significant challenge in the quarter with a 7 point adverse impact on sales and an 11 point adverse impact on adjusted operating EBITDA versus the prior year. Encouraging recent trends within the currencies have been promising. Clearly, a difficult market environment has weighed on our performance in the fourth quarter. However, I am confident in the steps that IFF is taking as part of our strategic refresh to create a stronger, more resilient business moving forward. Urgency is key and controlling what we can control is our focus: enhancing sales execution disciplines, continuing to price surgically to offset ongoing inflationary pressures, accelerating and importantly, expanding our productivity efforts and more aggressively managing cash flow. On Slide 14, I want to provide more color on our sales performance in the quarter. In a very difficult operating environment, including strong currency headwinds, we realized 4% comparable currency-neutral sales growth. For the quarter, we saw growth in Nourish, Scent and Pharma Solutions. Health and Bioscience, which overlaps strong double-digit growth from prior year, experienced a revenue decline. Factoring the strong year ago comparison, H&B is up 5% on a two-year average in the fourth quarter. I’ll go into more detail on the following slides. In the fourth quarter, we also saw a more pronounced slowdown in terms of volumes than we initially expected, down high-single-digits for the quarter, due mainly to consumer demand slowdowns and significant customer destocking actions. We estimate that about 75% of the drop in volume in Q4 is related to destocking, with the balance coming from softer consumer demand. Turning to Slide 15. The fourth quarter market challenges also significantly affected our margins. Comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA decreased by 5%, impacted by volume declines, including negative manufacturing fixed cost absorption and currency pressures. However, pricing actions allowed us to recover the total cost of inflation. Additionally, we delivered notable productivity gains and operational efficiencies, which helped offset some of the volume pressures we faced in the market. Now let’s take a look at segment performance on Slide 16. Overall, we saw top line growth across most of our segments in the quarter. Nourish’s solid comparable currency-neutral sales growth of roughly 4% year-over-year was driven by continued growth in Food Design & Ingredients. Health & Bioscience, which saw a 3% decrease in comparable currency-neutral sales delivered solid performance in Animal Nutrition and Cultures and Food Enzymes despite declines in health and grain processing. Both Nourish and Health & Bioscience saves profitability pressures with 11% decline in comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA across both due to lower volumes. Our Scent division performed particularly well in the quarter, delivering 6% year-over-year sales growth on a comparable currency-neutral basis that was supported by double-digit growth in Fine Fragrance and mid-single-digit growth in Consumer Fragrance. We were also encouraged by since 25% growth in comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA due to a combination of favorable product mix, to catch up in pricing to raw material costs and productivity gains. Our Pharma Solutions segment again delivered excellent performance in the quarter, totaling $221 million in sales, a 15% increase on a comparable currency-neutral basis, driven by another quarter of double-digit growth in our core pharma business. However, like Nourish and H&B, price increases and productivity were more than offset by lower volumes and higher energy costs. Moving to Slide 17. I would like to provide some additional commentary on our free cash flow dynamics in the year and the progress towards our deleveraging targets. For the full year 2022, cash flow from operations totaled $345 million, while 2022 CapEx was $504 million or roughly 4.1% of sales. Our free cash flow for the full year was candidly disappointing at a negative $159 million. Our free cash flow included about $300 million of costs related to integration and transaction-related items. As we discussed in last quarter’s call, our free cash flow for the year has been significantly impacted by growth in working capital, predominantly by higher inventories caused by inflation, demand slowdown and destocking by our customers. Our priority, as Frank mentioned in 2023 is to take significant actions to improve net working capital with a major focus on inventories to drive cash flow. Accordingly, we have initiated a number of actions across our business and supply chain teams, including systems and process enhancements to rapidly reduce our inventories over the course of the year. And while we understand that this will result in negative manufacturing absorption, adversely impacting the P&L in the short-term, we are prioritizing improved working capital to maximize cash flow results. To keep you with our commitment to return value to our shareholders, we also paid out $810 million in dividends in 2022. As I mentioned during our Investor Day, we are committed to continuing to grow the dividend and will balance dividend growth as we consider reinstituting our share repurchase program once we get debt below 3x net debt-to-credit adjusted EBITDA. In terms of leverage, we remain focused on efforts to reduce our debt and finish 2022 at 4.1x net debt-to-credit adjusted EBITDA ratio. Our cash and cash equivalents totaled $535 million, including $52 million of assets currently in assets held for sale, while gross debt for the year totaled $11 billion. As part of our strategic priorities, we remain committed to achieving our deleveraging target of 3x net debt-to-credit adjusted EBITDA by 2024, including through deploying proceeds from completed divestitures. Importantly, as Frank mentioned, we will be exploring further opportunities to streamline our portfolio while dedicating resources to our highest growth businesses. Turning to our consolidated outlook on Slide 18. For the fiscal year 2023, we expect revenue to be approximately $12.5 billion and adjusted operating EBITDA to be approximately $2.34 billion, representing comparable currency-neutral sales growth of approximately 6% and comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA flat versus prior year. We expect year-over-year foreign exchange to have no impact to sales growth and have a modest or approximately 1% negative impact to operating EBITDA growth. Let’s move to Slide 19. Given the number of moving parts affecting our 2023 outlook, we thought it would be helpful to unpack each of the components impacting year-over-year adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted portfolio, which includes the Health Wright Products acquisition, the 2022 sale of the Microbial Control business and the anticipated close of our Savory Solutions divestiture in May of this year, comparable 2022 EBITDA starts at $2.37 billion. As previously mentioned, we expect full year pricing to fully offset inflation with a net zero EBITDA impact in the year. In our plan, we’ve assumed volume will be flat with high-single-digit negative volumes in Q1, modestly down in Q2 and volume growth in the second half. In addition, we are anticipating mix to be slightly unfavorable for the year as we expect some of our higher margin categories will experience volume pressure, particularly in the first half of 2023. In order to rebalance our inventories and with driving cash flow generation as an imperative for us this year, we anticipate negative manufacturing absorption will impact us significantly. Specifically, we expect that our actions to reduce inventory will adversely impact our adjusted EBITDA growth by several percentage points expressed in year-over-year growth terms. We anticipate that this will yield a strong improvement in inventories and be a core driver to our targeted 2023 adjusted free cash flow of more than $1 billion, excluding costs related to restructuring and deal-related items. In terms of cost savings, we plan to drive significant productivity by accelerating our previous launch programs, which focus on end-to-end operations improvements, supply chain efficiencies, procurement and demand management, we are also undertaking additional actions to cut costs across the organization and reduce our overall spend where possible, including in our D&A line. We anticipate that these additional actions to deliver an annualized run rate savings of $100 million. We will also be reinvesting some of our productivity to drive our top line through strategic growth initiatives, specifically in R&D, our commercial teams and technology as we begin executing our long-term strategy. Finally, we expect currency to have a modest year-over-year negative impact on EBITDA growth of approximately 1%. As mentioned in terms of the cadence throughout the year, we are anticipating the first half to be more challenging, particularly the first quarter, with a back half improvement. In particular, we expect first quarter comparable performance to be impacted by more challenging volume conditions offset by pricing benefits. For the quarter, we expect sales to be approximately $2.9 billion to $3 billion with adjusted EBITDA of approximately $470 million to $490 million. As I conclude on the next slide, I want to highlight our four key areas of focus for 2023 and provide further perspectives relative to our detailed execution plans for each. First, we are committed to accelerating sales growth as we move through 2023. While we do expect volumes to be under pressure from the items I discussed earlier, we are sharpening our sales execution discipline and continue to be more surgical with our pricing actions with the goal of progressively improving throughout the year. The build-out of the commercial excellence team, targeted growth investments and increasing our focus on revenue synergies will allow us to capture new wins. Second, as previously outlined, we are focused on enhancing our customer service levels and supply chain efficiencies. With this in mind, we will be setting more granular customer service and related inventory goals by business utilizing our ROIC framework to guide those goals. Supporting these efforts, we will be rolling out our redesigned sales, inventory and operations planning process. Third, as mentioned, we are determined to accelerate our synergy and productivity efforts this year as well. For your reference, included in our 2023 guidance, we are targeting more than $200 million of gross cost reductions from productivity and restructuring benefits. Fourth, and very importantly, we’re intently focused on maximizing our cash flow and accelerating deleverage of our balance sheet. We are being extremely aggressive in managing our working capital through a heightened focus and improved processes and systems, and we are also actively working to complete our additional non-core divestitures and evaluating additional portfolio opportunities. With that, I’d like to turn the call back over to Frank.
Frank Clyburn: Thank you, Glenn. Before I open the call for questions, I want to take a moment to reflect on what has continued to make IFF a strong, resilient organization and a category defined leader in our industry. I joined IFF almost a year ago and in an important moment in the company’s transformation and while our global business sought to navigate an incredibly complex operating environment. As I’ve mentioned before, what attracted me to IFF was its enterprise-wide purpose to apply science and creativity for a better world. Since then, I have seen this purpose serve as a guiding light as we have continued to build out our teams, expanded in new markets and strengthen our innovation portfolio and pipeline together. In 2022, we have executed tough pricing actions, rolled out new productivity initiatives and found successful ways to optimize and streamline our portfolio. So we’re investing in areas that will generate growth, enhance our profits and reduce our debt. Most significantly, we have unveiled our refreshed growth strategy and our focus on carrying out those initiatives to ensure we are delivering for our customers while also creating strong returns and sustained profitable growth into the future. Our teams here at IFF have rallied to meet the challenges in front of us, and I’m confident in our future heading into 2023 and beyond, especially based on the excellent reception from all of our stakeholders following the announcement of our strategic refresh in December. Although, we entered 2023 with a cautiously optimistic outlook, I am confident that we have the strategy and the people to address any challenge and deliver long-term value for shareholders and other stakeholders. IFF continues to play an essential role in the daily lives of so many people around the world, and I’m energized by the unique opportunity in front of us. IFF has built an incredible foundation as a trusted partner with world-class talent, a robust R&D pipeline, broad portfolio, and I’m confident that our refreshed strategic framework and new operating model will allow IFF to increase our customer centricity, more closely align with today’s marketplace and deliver most efficiently for our customers around the world. With that, I would like to now open the call up for questions.
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Heidi Vesterinen with BNP Paribas. You may proceed.
Heidi Vesterinen: Good morning, everyone. So the first question, why should we believe your full year guidance if you’re having to downgrade guidance by such a magnitude in a space of two months? And then I have a separate question on portfolio moves, if I can squeeze another. Are there now more options for you now that it’s been two years since the DuPont merger? Thank you.
Frank Clyburn: Heidi, it’s Frank, and thanks for the question, and it’s really an important one. One, we did provide in our Capital Markets Day a preliminary view into 2023. With that said, I think we all feel that we own some of which you’ve mentioned maybe the change. And let me unpack what has happened and especially in Q4. As we went through Q4, Heidi, we had assumed that we would have mid-single-digit volume decline. And as you saw now our full quarter four results, we ended up having growth of 4% overall, but we saw high-single-digit volume decline. We saw that change really accelerate the decline in the month of December, in particular, Heidi. I had spoken about what we were seeing in the Health North America Probiotic business, also parts of our Nourish business, Ingredients and Protein Solutions. And in fact, in the month of December, we did see many of those businesses have double-digit volume decline primarily due to destocking. There is some end market demand impact as well. So when we saw the volume changes in particular that came through in December as well as the impact that it had on our manufacturing cost and absorption, we felt as though we had to really take a look into 2023, obviously, as we’re coming out now to guide. As I look at the trends in January, they are continuing to be very similar, Heidi, to what we saw in December. So when we think of the first quarter, especially against our first quarter comparison where we grew last year 5%, we have made the assumption that this is going to be a challenging first quarter, similar trends as what we have seen in Q4. And then as we get into the first half of the year, we also continue to see challenges from inflation and other pressures. We do see growth in the back half of the year. But when we look at it overall, we see the year having pretty much flattish volume year-over-year, Heidi, but we also feel good about our 6% overall sales growth. When we look at the entirety of the P&L, we also feel it’s really important as you heard from Glenn to focus on cash flow. So one of the things that we’re going to be doing is focusing on reducing our inventory to improve cash flow that is going to have a several percentage point impact on our EBITDA profit growth. We think that’s the right thing to do. And then also as we continue to look at the volume dynamics, we clearly are going to continue to focus on everything we can to control our cost. We have announced accelerating our productivity program, and you heard that from Glenn, and we talked about that at Capital Markets Day. In addition to that, we are instituting a much stronger S&OP process that’s going to be co-led with Ralf Finzel, our new Head of Operations. We have a new Head of Procurement that’s come in, and Glenn’s going to help to co-lead that team, and that team is going to meet on a weekly basis. Also, we’re going to continue to focus on our customers by improving our key account management activity and also continuing to invest in R&D to make sure that we have the innovation needed as things improve as we get in particular towards the back half of the year and as we head into 2024. So we feel confident in the guidance, Heidi, we think it’s prudent and we felt as though it was the right thing to do based on what we saw the trends in the fourth quarter, in particular in the month of December. Your second question, I’m sorry, real quick. Yes, Heidi. The Reverse Morris Trust now in February is – allows us to look at the entire portfolio that work is underway, Heidi, and we will, as we discussed on Capital Markets Day, continue to look at the entire portfolio to make sure that we’re maximizing for our shareholders as well as making strategic decisions to benefit our customers and to drive profitable growth.
Heidi Vesterinen: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein. You may proceed.
Gunther Zechmann: Hi. Good morning. I’ve got one for Glenn please, if I can. Glenn, could you help us reconcile what the difference is between the $600 million of the adjusted free cash that you disclosed? And we actually ended up, which is essentially flat. And then going on from that, can you talk us through the drivers for improvement in 2023? How confident are you? And I’m thinking about the $1.5 billion free cash that you outlined at the CMD in December last year, please?
Glenn Richter: Yes. Thanks, Gunther. So first of all, to reconcile for 2022, our GAAP free cash flow was negative $160 million. We had approximately $300 million of deal-related integration restructure. So on a like-for-like adjusted basis, that’s roughly $150 million positive versus the $600 million. So the $450 million difference we had communicated last year – the largest by far is working capital. We were $300 million higher on working capital for the year. The inventory of that driven by higher inventories, the total increase in working capital was nearly $1.1 billion for the full year. So it was a significant drain on our cash flow. We also – the earnings were shorter than we had anticipated, and there were some miscellaneous items, but the largest by far is working capital, which then goes to your question regarding 2023. The big swing for 2023 is largely going to be driven by the working capital area of focus where it was a use of $1 billion plus last year. We expect it to be neutral to slightly positive. The biggest focus there is obviously within the inventories, which is the biggest component of our working capital, and that decision to focus on generating $1 billion plus of adjusted free cash flow will put some pressure on the P&L. So we’re taking a hit for some negative absorption and fixed costs because volumes actually will be lower than sales. So we actually can have a decline of year-over-year production volumes, negative absorption. But basically, that is the big driver. Cash interest, cash taxes, CapEx largely will be flattish year-over-year, but the biggest difference by far is the focus on our working capital and namely inventories.
Gunther Zechmann: Got it. If I could just follow up a quick one. How much of the inventory reduction would be driven by lower pricing from raw materials? And how much room left to participate?
Glenn Richter: Yes. Good question. We’re anticipating $350 million to $400 million of reduction from volume and about $150 million increase in price. So think about that as basically, I’ll call it roughly $200 million-ish of reduction of absolute inventory, which is $150 million increase in price and about a $300 million increase – or decrease or so driven by volumes.
Gunther Zechmann: That’s great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. You may proceed. Mike, your line is now open.
Mike Sison: Hi, guys. Can you hear me? Can you hear me?
Glenn Richter: We can.
Frank Clyburn: Yes, Mike.
Mike Sison: Yes. Sorry about that. Given recent commentary from consumer products companies, your peers, any insight into your performance in North America and China, both look notably weak relative to some of these comments. Thank you.
Frank Clyburn: Yes, Mike, I’ll take this one. It’s Frank. For China, for the quarter, we did see sales down approximately 4%, Mike. So you’re absolutely right. It was another tough quarter in China as we continue to manage overall the lockdowns and then the reopenings and then some of the COVID impacts that we’re seeing throughout China. So China is still, for us, is a cautious, I would say, market. And as you are well aware, that is our second largest market. So that’s something that we are really continuing to work with our teams there. If you look at North America, you see a little bit of a tail of a couple of different stories. Mike, for the full year, we did grow 5% in North America, but we did see an impact in Q4 of 4% decline versus prior year. And that really speaks to what we saw overall of the impact it’s had in particular in Nourish, which was down approximately 4%. And then also, we saw the significant reduction in North America in the Health Probiotic business that I’ve mentioned, and that actually had H&B down in North America as well. So those are the two, I would say, dynamics in both China and in North America and in particular, North America, I would say more to destocking as we saw a big hit as we’ve been discussing here in Q4.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. You may proceed.
Josh Spector: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So just thinking about raw material inflation specifically, I guess, first, what’s your assumption on the percent increase for this year? And I guess if I look at fourth quarter and how you’re talking about first quarter, your top line is kind of the same. So your pricing is better. Fourth quarter, you saw some positive price cost dynamics. I guess why aren’t we seeing that in 2023? And what are the things we need to watch for in terms of better or worse inflation? Thanks.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Josh, good question. So let me unpack the roughly 6% inflation expectation for this year. That’s about 70% raws and zero logistics and the residual 30% energy. Energy, by the way, is highly volatile. So that generally is moving more favorable than when we put the plan together, although an awful lot of our energy pricing is now through surcharges. So we’re sort of hedged one way or the other relative to that. So I’ll focus on the 70%. The other thing I would note that remember the first quarter will be impacted by the inventories from last year. So sort of what hits relative to our cost structure is really already baked into sort of what’s sitting in the plants to some extent. We are expecting actually fairly ratable i.e. price equals costs pretty much quarter-to-quarter relatively neutral. So we’re not expecting any sort of big upside or downside. And part of that’s the pacing of the inventories as well. I would say that we are seeing some early signs of deflation on the raw side. However, there are certain commodities that actually have seen more increases, but I would say that you could maybe be a little cautiously optimistic that we probably have seen the peak of inflation in raws and the back half of the year may be experiencing maybe some deflation, which will be favorable for the business. In general, our pricing is pretty much locked in for the year. Most of our pricing is beginning of the year or contractually based on indices that are tracked. So I think the pricing dynamic, the pricing risk is not as significant relative to what’s locked in. Of course, if there’s a rapid level of deflation in the second half of the year, we would adopt relative to our customer dialogues and pricing actions against that. But I would say I’d have a slight lean towards a little more optimism in terms of the price/cost dynamic this year versus last year.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. You may proceed.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Given that it’s clear that consumer is exhibiting greater elasticity, just given the extent of price increases, a lot of your CPG customers have been instituting. Frank, just based on your direct conversations with customers, do you sense that there will be a change in their price or volume strategy as we push further into 2023? And just your sense as to how the elasticity dynamic varies globally?
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Ghansham, thanks for the question. We do anticipate just as you think about what we saw in Q4 to continue as I mentioned, in Q1. The elasticity question is a really important one. I would say that most of what we are seeing and in discussions with customers, you’re seeing some trade down with regards to quantities. You are seeing some trade down to private label, but it’s not significant. I mean it’s in different parts of the world. I think you’re seeing more price elasticity honestly, in some of the Asian markets, where clearly, you’re seeing some trade-offs there. But overall, we’re not seeing significant trade-offs at this time. With that said, many of our customers are expecting, and I think you’ve seen some of them announce that it’s going to be likely a continued challenging first half of the year from a volume perspective. They are continuing to increase prices and I think that’s going to continue as well for the foreseeable future. So that’s at least at this point in time, how I kind of see the elasticity question. We’re seeing some in Europe, one last geography I would mention, but nothing significant to really point to in other geographies.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Credit Suisse. You may proceed.
John Roberts: This is probably for Glenn, so I’ll just ask them together. Frank, I assume you’re still interim head of Nourish. Can we get an update on that process? And did less new wins or a slowdown in new products contribute to the lower volume in Nourish? And then, Glenn, I have in my notes that there were two other small divestments expected to be announced by the end of this quarter, I think, totaling about $300 million in gross proceeds. Is that still the case? And you didn’t provide EPS guidance. So could you talk about how EPS dilution or accretion could play out as the deals close through the year?
Frank Clyburn: John, it’s Frank. I’ll get started. So one, no, we do not think that the volume declines are specific to any transition in Nourish. I think they’re much more market-driven as we’ve been discussing around destocking. And in fact, in our Flavors business, which is one of our most important businesses. I think we’ve honing very well versus competition. As far as the process, I am working very urgently, John, to get that position filled and my hope is to be able to announce something very shortly on who will be leading theirs going forward. Glenn?
Glenn Richter: Thanks. Good morning, John. So just a reminder, a year ago, we had talked about four transactions in total with a probability of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion in gross proceeds. We announced the largest of those transactions in Savory Solutions, which will be over $900 million of gross proceeds in the fourth quarter. And we’ve mentioned we have two other sort of in the near window. We do believe one of them circa $200 million more likely than that. It’s not final will be announced within the quarter. The other two deals, which are relatively small, we are putting on hold. The reason is we are, at this point, actually taking a more comprehensive review of our portfolio and want to focus on sort of what makes sense sort of longer term relative to the overall portfolio. So our efforts are really against the larger portfolio opportunities at this point versus the residual. But I do anticipate between the Savory Solutions and the latest probably $1.1 billion-ish or more of gross proceeds. Relative to full year EPS ex amor, it’s likely to be down circa 15% that’s really driven by the dynamics of the first quarter versus prior year. For the balance of the year, it will be flat to modestly up for the last three quarters of the year. Thanks, John.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed.
David Begleiter: Frank, with the change in the 2023 guidance relative to the IR Day, does this change your expectations the 2024 to 2026 period in terms of 4% to 6% sales growth and 8% to 10% EBITDA growth. And just on the productivity program, I know you’re looking to accelerate it. Any plans potentially to expand it as well? Thank you.
Frank Clyburn: Yes, David, thanks for the question. So the answer is we’re still sticking with what we talked about at Capital Markets Day, the 4% to 6% top line growth, 8% to 10% EBITDA growth over the 2024 to 2026 time frame. If you take actually a two-year look back, David, which I did – our business grew approximately volume about 3%. So if you recall, we're in a market that is 2% to 3% in more normal conditions, which obviously, we're all looking forward to those coming back. But we still believe that profile that we put forward at this point in time is achievable for Capital Markets Day. And we are accelerating productivity, as we've mentioned, we are bringing forward cost reductions this year. Nothing else additional to announce at this point in time. But obviously, myself, the management team, especially during some of the challenging macro environment we talked about, we're going to continue to look for ways to drive additional productivity as we go forward, but nothing additional than what we've already shared.
David Begleiter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel. You may proceed.
Mark Astrachan: Thanks and good morning, everyone. So I wanted to follow up on an earlier question and ask a related question. So it just seems from the outside perhaps that this business could be too big an unwieldly to run effectively and efficiently. What would you have to see and by when would you consider a more larger scale divestiture – divestitures to essentially shrink and deemphasize some of the acquisitions, which have been made. And related to that, recent volume trends have been pretty consistently below peers last year, year before, et cetera. So what is that attributable, and when should investors expect IFF to at least grow in line with the peer group? And how do we measure that?
Frank Clyburn: Yes, I'll get started, Mark. I think the volume question is a fair one, but let me look at the portfolio from a couple of different lenses. In our Scent business, we feel as though our volumes are very comparable to peers and the competitors. In fact, there are some instances, I think where we're even gaining share in parts of the Scent business, and we saw very strong volume growth in Fine Fragrance as an example. In Health and Biosciences, Mark, we clearly see good performance in food and culture enzymes. We feel as though we're very competitive in home and personal care. What you're really seeing is the dynamic and the impact on that business is really within health. And we've talked a lot about the shift and change in market demand as well as destocking, but we think overall, our H&B business is very important for the future, but there are some clear volume challenges in that one segment with good growth in other parts of that business. If you come to Nourish, in Nourish we are very competitive. If you look on a two-year basis, Mark, because you have to take into account, we had a very strong volume growth in 2021. But two-year basis, Flavors is growing approximately 5%. So we feel as though we're in very good position within that business. I think the question really volume-wise is within the ingredients business, and we've spoken about. We were capacity constrained in some of those businesses, which impacted some of our volume opportunities. And then we were very aggressive on pricing and made some trade-offs to preserve margin in that business, and we did probably see some share loss within the Ingredient segment, in particular Protein Solutions. So I think overall, Mark, to your broader question, we feel as though the portfolio is the right one. We hear from our customers and in fact, many of our team was down at ACI, just this – or last week a lot of excitement about the innovation, a lot of excitement about our portfolio. But the proof will be we've got to execute against it, like I mentioned at Capital Markets Day, and that is our focus. We are going to continue to obviously, as Glenn mentioned, we'll get the entirety of the portfolio to make sure that it works strategically and also achieves our other objectives of driving profitable growth. But we feel as though the portfolio overall is the right one. And now we're focused on executing as we've been discussing.
Glenn Richter: And Mark, I'd add a couple of other items to the Frank's point is, lots of benefits across the portfolio. A lot of our work is on aligning and integrating and maximizing the portfolio. So aligning against three divisions, customer-backed, making sure that we have all the sales and operating teams focusing on the revenue synergies across the how systems work relative to advancing that is important. And then on the simplification of the portfolio, Microbial Controls exit, Savory Solutions. These are businesses that add a lot of complexity. Savory as an example, is a business that has 16,000 customers, 8 different businesses for the ERPs. And to Frank's point, we're going to continue to look at our portfolio and what they may be less core to the overall portfolio as we go forward to continue to simplify as well.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Adam Samuelson: Hi, thank you. Good morning, everyone. I want to – Frank, you referenced in an earlier response kind of 2024 kind of still thinking growth could get back in that high single-digit range. I just want to maybe unpack that a little bit in the context of 2023, where it would seem like one of the bigger deltas obviously, volume is not growing, but there's a pretty significant cost under absorption issue as you worked on inventories and presumably, that's weighted in the P&L in the first half of the year. If you're going to 2024, and we presume that there's some growth in the underlying market and your working capital inventories are in a better position, why would we not have faster growth in 2024 on an earnings basis if we're lapping pretty significant under-absorption charges this year.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. And I'll just start. I think I will hold any additional comments on 2024. I think you're right. It's a short-term impact that will be on the P&L, as you've mentioned, as we work down our inventories and have additional absorption, I think we need to really focus right now on 2023. Like I said, we have a guidance that's out there for 2024 to 2026 and in that 8% to 10% range. I think at this point in time, I'd like to hold it there for now and let us work through 2023 and come back to you, okay?
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. You may proceed.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning and thank you. So it seems like over the past decade, IFF enjoyed this ability to price and have good visibility regardless of the cost cycle. And it just seems lately – and when there were problems that was internal, it was getting the disciplines in place and awareness in place. You look at some of these more recently acquired businesses, it just feels like maybe they were always less sustainable margins and more volatility in terms of just they're more opaque, particularly some of the businesses that saw the volume variances this quarter. So how would you comment on that? And is this kind of volatility in both margins and volume maybe more of a new normal? Thanks.
Glenn Richter: Yes, this is Glenn, Jonathan. Relative to the first part of your question, clearly, in the last now 18 months, we have significantly improved the discipline, awareness and processes relative to pricing from tools and cross-training to best practices, to much, much surgical application by customer geography, et cetera. And I think that is here to stay in terms of optimizing the business going forward. Not all segments and regions are created equal. Some have greater ability to price than others and some geographies such as Greater Asia, in general, are more competitive, particularly in this environment. So we're being very, very thoughtful. In general, I would say that the N&B portfolio is about equivalency to the F&F portfolio relative to pricing capabilities or ability to pass through pricing, some of the ingredients portfolio are a little more difficult just given slightly more commoditized nature of this businesses. But I do not think there's really a significant difference in what we've seen from an execution standpoint between the legacy IFF and the legacy DuPont businesses and would again iterate that we've done a lot to actually tremendously sort of advance our capabilities to basically be much, much smarter and surgical in our pricing capabilities.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Mizuho. You may proceed.
Christopher Parkinson: Great. Thank you so much. Just going back to the portfolio optimization comment a couple of questions ago, you had a very helpful slide in your Analyst Day, I think Slide 12 of Frank's presentation about optimizing some of the underperformers. You mentioned Protein Solutions. I would love to get a little bit more color there on how you see that progressing throughout the year and what's embedded in your assumptions and then perhaps multipliers as well. And then on the positives, any update on Food Design ex Savory? Thank you so much.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Thanks for the question. And as we go in – as we were communicating on that framework, and remember, it is a framework. What sits in that 20% is really we're going to look at it from two different lenses. One, and you mentioned Protein Solutions and you have some of your specialty proteins, your value proteins that are going into meat alternative products. We're going to continue to look at that business right now. We see it as an important part of our overall offering that we bring to customers because that's oftentimes an entry point in the customers for driving some of our flavor opportunity and other opportunities in the portfolio. With that said, from an ROIC lens, we'll continue to look at it and look at ways to improve the profile of that business. Food designs ex Savory, we see also as an important part of the portfolio going forward. This is all like I said, aligned around our whole Nourish offerings. And if you think about where we're going to really shift to more of an end market focus, in particular around food and beverage, we think that business can really help us to bring a lot of integrated solutions and opportunities to customers going forward. So that's how I would answer it. And we are, though, continuing to stare our portfolio in its entirety through that ROIC lens to make sure we're making the right portfolio choices and putting our resources against the winners that you see on that slide as well.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. You may proceed.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. I think during 2022, when you thought about raw materials and price, what you thought is that raw materials were worse than price in 2021 by $200 million, you'd be roughly even in 2023 – in 2022. And then in 2023, you would be $200 million to the good in the price raw material balance. And now you think that you'll be about flat with inflation. So what happened? That is why did you think you'd make $200 million, but you didn't – what happened to, I assume, price conditions? And second, what are the cash restructuring outlays – outflows that you expect in 2023?
Glenn Richter: Yes. Hey, thanks, Jeff. Good morning. Good question. So you already harken back a year ago, which seems like a decade ago, we originally had $600 million of inflation, pricing/inflation embedded. What happened is two additional rounds of inflation. So we had another $400 million last year, and we have circa $600 million-ish plus in this year. So there's a lag effect. So we're sort of kind of just running through the cycle from a kind of a timing standpoint and standpoint. We haven't sort of talked about sort of how this flows through the 2024, but I think it's reasonable to assume either a combination of stabilization and some deflation in the environment. On the back end, we will pick it up. So I think that's still a very reasonable assumption over the time horizon. The horizons just extended because there's been more sort of systemic inflation over the last few years than we anticipated at that point in time. Relative, we have – as Frank had mentioned, we have an incremental cost productivity program of $100 million targeted. We expect to get probably circa $70 million of that to hit the P&L this year. We're estimating around $70 million-ish to $75 million of onetime expenses associated with that restructuring.
Operator: Thank you. The final question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. You may proceed. 
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks so much. We covered a lot. So I guess I have a couple of questions still. But I guess, primarily, when we think about 2023, I think, Frank, Glenn, the three of us have discussed it being a transition year, and there's a lot of things that you laid out on kind of what you want the business to look like as you hit 2024. But now you're talking about not just the curtailing production, but also accelerating cost savings going after G&A and so on. So to what degree do you think – should we worry about you being able to manage through the cash flow situation kind of shoring up working capital and making these short-term changes you need to make, but still being able to fully execute and get to where you need to be so that this can be the transition year that you discussed it being?
Frank Clyburn: Yes, Lauren, I'll – good start. Thanks for that question. I think – it's a really great question, an important one. What we've done on is we're really focused on really prioritizing our activities across the company and the management team. First priority, Lauren, is clearly doing everything we can to make sure that we do have the right investments in the innovation that we deliver, in R&D and also making sure we can accelerate our sales performance, and we are spending a lot of time with our commercial teams, working on ensuring good capability build and making sure that we are ready to enhance our pipeline as well as our win rate going forward. So that's priority one, Lauren, and that's a big focus for us. On the cash flow and inventory work, I think we're in a good position. We brought in a new team. Glenn is going to be very intimately involved with our new Head of Operations and our business leaders. We are going to build that into our incentive system, cash conversion this year, Lauren, and we feel as though there is a very good path forward to deliver the short-term because we have to improve our cash flow, and we have to reduce our inventory, and we have a laser focus on making that happen. And I feel like we've got the right team and we're putting in place the right processes to execute against that. That's pretty much number two. And then number three, we are working towards, as you mentioned, getting the organization aligned to more of an end market back view. We are starting that work. We'll have more to communicate here as we go throughout the year. But I feel good by the end of this year, that alignment will be in place and we have the right people, right teams align with our customers. Just one anecdote. Many of our customers that I've spoken to as well as that we've engaged with really like the way we're thinking about operating and aligning IFF to how they're organized. So we think that is something we will focus on. So while there are a lot of activities, think of it three laser-focused priorities the team are aligning behind, Lauren, to execute to your point, to make sure that we can deliver on the future profitable growth agenda that we have, okay. So thank you.
Operator: Thank you.
Frank Clyburn: With that, I want first – I want to – yes. Just a couple of last comments, I want to first, thank everyone for joining. Our apologies again on our start. We appreciate everyone hanging in with us. We know this went a little bit longer because of that and we look forward to seeing you here and speaking to you very soon. Thank you, everybody. Have a good rest of the day.
Operator: That concludes the conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-08 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce Mr. Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin. 
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening everyone. Welcome to IFF's third quarter 2022 conference call. Yesterday afternoon, we issued a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. Please take a minute to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance and business outlook. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K and press release. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release. With me on the call today is our CEO, Frank Clyburn; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Glenn Richter. We will begin with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have. With that, I would now like to introduce Frank. 
Frank Clyburn: Thank you, Mike and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. On today's call, I will begin by providing an update on the strong progress we continue to make in reviewing and implementing our refreshed operating strategy. We are focused as ever on enhancing our operational plan and are making great progress towards completing the strategic refresh process and sharing this with you on December 7th at our Investor Day. I will then share our year-to-date performance and then turn the call over to Glenn, who will provide a detailed look at our third quarter financial results and discuss our outlook for the remainder of 2022. Once complete, we will then open the call up for any questions. Before we move ahead, I do want to take a moment, as I always do to thank our dedicated colleagues around the world. It continues to be an unpredictable year and our colleagues continue to work tirelessly to deliver for our customers. Our global IFF team members are truly committed to servicing our customers and I continue to be so inspired by our team's determination and ingenuity. Now beginning with Slide 6, I'd like to provide an update regarding our progress to complete our strategic refresh and begin putting this enhanced plan into action. We are now working diligently to operationalize our new divisional strategies and begin executing these focused, integrated and value-additive strategies with our customers and in the marketplace. This next chapter in our company's transformation is intended to ensure we are going to market as the most effective and innovative IFF we can be to extend our position as a trusted partner to our customers and maximize value for them, employees and shareholders both in the near and long-term. Let me review what we focused on and what we've accomplished through this comprehensive enterprise-wide review process. This review of our portfolio and our business is designed to ensure we are able to defend and extend our industry leadership in key markets, geographies and grow our business with key accounts and new customers. This has included evaluating our portfolio through a return on invested capital lens, identifying portfolio optimization and divestiture opportunities. This discipline will enable us to reduce debt and reinvest in our high-performing businesses as well as identify additional growth opportunities in attractive end markets and geographies that will allow us to foster long-term growth even amid ongoing external headwinds. It has been an important endeavor, not only to help us streamline the business but also ensure that we are focusing on only the highest value opportunities and maximizing our return profile across the entire business. We are in the process of refining our operating model and organizational structure to ensure better commercial engagement enhance One IFF's company culture, strengthen talent in key roles and realign incentives to ensure accountability and ownership. We are also finalizing our financial aspirations for full year 2023 as well as what we believe the business should deliver longer term under more normalized conditions, and the capital allocation strategies necessary to achieve them all while prioritizing accelerated growth of our high-performing businesses. With this collective foundational planning, I am confident that IFF will fully capitalize on our clear portfolio advantage and deliver value to all of our stakeholders. We look forward to sharing more with you at our Investor Day on December 7. Moving to slide 7. I'd like to provide highlights of IFF's performance year-to-date. Despite a volatile market environment over the last nine months, IFF has continued to execute on our operational priorities to achieve strong top and bottom line results. Year-to-date we have delivered $9.6 billion in sales, which translates to 11% comparable currency-neutral growth and our comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA grew 6% to $2 billion. Through the first nine months, we continued to take strategic pricing actions as necessary to offset inflationary pressures and as a result have fully recovered total inflation cost to-date. Turning to productivity by focusing on efficiency in our manufacturing processes and optimizing our supply chain and procurement, we captured over $125 million in extremely valuable operational efficiencies and deal-related synergies through the first nine months of 2022. Accelerating productivity represents one of our top priorities and is increasingly important given the more challenging economic environment heading into the fourth quarter and full year 2023. To this end, we are accelerating and expanding our efforts beyond our existing supply chain end-to-end manufacturing economic profit and global shared services platform initiatives we outlined on our second quarter conference call. We are now looking at our total cost structure to ensure we are optimized around go-forward strategic priorities to drive greater efficiency and effectiveness. These initiatives will be critical to support our growth strategy, all while positioning us to drive long-term profitable growth. To support our continuous improvement efforts within operations, I am pleased to welcome Ralf Finzel to our executive team as Executive Vice President and Global Operations Officer. He joined us from Honeywell International Performance Materials & Technologies business group where he most recently served as Vice President of Integrated Supply Chain. Ralf brings decades of leadership experience and his focus on operational excellence, sustainable continuous improvement, and customer satisfaction ensures he will be a key contributor to IFF's success moving forward as he will be accountable to deliver on our net productivity goals. In addition, I am pleased to announce that we've hired a new Chief Procurement Officer, Alex Turolla who will be responsible for leading all of IFF's procurement efforts globally with the goal to move from procurement to strategic sourcing. Alex who joins from Mondelēz International where he served most recently as Senior Vice President, Sourcing Global Direct Materials, managing $11 billion globally, brings significant experience in end-to-end supply chain operations and procurement. We also continue to progress against our portfolio optimization efforts now having successfully completed the divestiture of our Microbial Control business at the beginning of the third quarter. The proceeds were used to reduce our net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA ratio to 3.9 times from 4.4 times at the end of the second quarter. As mentioned earlier, we continue to assess the profitability and potential of each of our businesses and explore additional non-core divestitures and other timely optimization opportunities to improve our capital structure and achieve our deleveraging target. Now, I'll turn it over to Glenn to provide a deeper dive into our third quarter as well as an overview of the performance of each of our businesses. 
Glenn Richter: Thank you, Frank and welcome everyone. Starting on slide eight, I would like to provide an overview of our third quarter performance. In Q3, IFF generated approximately $3.1 billion in sales, representing 10% year-over-year growth on a comparable currency-neutral basis, primarily driven by double-digit growth in our Nourish and Pharma Solutions divisions. Pricing was a strong contributor to growth and as expected, volumes were down marginally in the quarter. It should be noted that on a two-year average basis, which factors our strong 8% year ago comparison, volume growth is running at about 4%. And while we have seen strong volume growth across most parts of our Pharma and Scent businesses in the third quarter, Nourish and H&B volumes were challenged. To provide some more color, nearly two-thirds of our volume decline in the quarter came in Protein Solutions, which is part of the Nourish business, where we have seen customer destocking to address higher inventory levels in response to sluggish end consumer demand. In H&B, our held volumes were also challenged in the third quarter, a direct result from weakening market demand in the US and Europe reflected in public market data. Gross margin was negatively affected by the significant inflationary pressures we faced across our markets. Yet through strategic pricing and productivity gains, IFF delivered adjusted operating EBITDA growth of 3% on a comparable currency-neutral basis. We also delivered solid adjusted earnings per share excluding amortization of $1.36. The strong dollar continued to be a headwind to our business. In the third quarter, we saw an approximately 7% impact on sales, an 8% adverse impact on EBITDA due to foreign exchange. Before moving on, I want to share that we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $2.25 billion for the third quarter related to our Health & Biosciences business. The primary drivers of the goodwill impairment are related to increases in interest rates and lower business projections due to adverse macroeconomic impacts on volume, continued cost inflation and unfavorable foreign exchange rate variations. Now moving to slide 9, I will provide a brief overview of the performance across our business segments. In the third quarter, we achieved year-over-year currency-neutral sales growth of 10% driven by broad-based sales growth across all of our business segments and nearly all of our sub-business units. Nourish had another strong quarter with double-digit growth and particularly encouraging performance from Flavors, Ingredients and Food Design. Health & Biosciences also saw strong single-digit growth despite pressure in our Grain Processing business. Scent again saw continued currency-neutral sales growth in the high single-digits, thanks to our Fine Fragrance, Consumer Fragrance and Ingredients businesses. Pharma Solutions rebound continues with an impressive 28% increase in sales driven by continued strength in both industrial and pharma. Turning to slide 10 and looking at our profitability for the quarter. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $612 million. Comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA grew 3% year-over-year due to the disciplined pricing actions to fully recover total inflation. We also achieved meaningful productivity gains and operational efficiencies from our productivity program, which have helped offset volume headwinds. As discussed last quarter, while we are clearly seeing signs of raw material inflation easing, we will continue taking appropriate targeted actions to offset inflation to maintain profitability. Now on slide 11, I'd like to discuss the underlying dynamics impacting the third quarter performance of each of our business segments. Nourish delivered another strong top-line quarter. Nourish's 10% year-over-year sales growth on a currency-neutral basis was driven by double-digit growth in Food Design and Ingredients, and sustained growth in our Flavors business.  Health & Biosciences also maintain strong performance delivering 3% in comparable currency-neutral sales growth driven by mid single-digit growth in our Culture & Food Enzymes, Health, Home & Personal Care and Animal Nutrition offerings. However, for each of these segments we saw 4% and 1% year-over-year decreases, respectively in comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA as our price increases and productivity gains we discussed earlier were offset by lower volumes. Our Scent division once again delivered a strong performance with 9% currency-neutral sales growth this quarter, driven by mid-teen growth in Fine Fragrance and Fragrance Ingredients and high single-digit growth in Consumer Fragrance. The division also saw 3% growth in currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA due to volume growth, our price increases and productivity gains. Pharma Solutions contributed very strong performance, with 28% growth in currency-neutral sales, led by strong double-digit growth in pharma and industrial. Similar to Scent, Pharma Solutions also benefited from strong volume, our pricing actions and the productivity gains we achieved in the quarter leading to an impressive 76% growth in currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA. Turning now to Slide 12, I would like to cover our cash flow and leverage position. Through the first nine months, we generated $189 million in cash from operations, with CapEx finishing at $344 million or approximately 3.6% of sales. The net result is that our free cash flow through nine months was a negative $155 million. Our free cash flow has been significantly impacted by much higher inventories due to a combination of inflation, strategic increases and improved customer service levels and to slowing volumes. In addition, included in our free cash flow numbers are one-time deal and integration-related costs. As a result, we are implementing a series of initiatives to improve our cash flow with an intense focus on managing inventories down. Much of this will be driven by leveraging new S&OP processes and tools in concert with specific targets for each business unit, which we believe will improve our inventory efficiency across all parts of the business while continuing to maintain high service levels to our customers. In addition, we will be taking targeted actions to reduce CapEx spend and improve other working capital metrics to further improve our cash position. Importantly, we continue to make progress towards achieving our deleveraging target. As Frank mentioned earlier, we improved our net debt to credit-adjusted EBITDA ratio to 3.9 times from 4.4 times, which was supported by proceeds from our recent Microbial Control divestiture. We finished the third quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $538 million, while gross debt for the quarter totaled $10.8 billion. Turning to our consolidated outlook on Slide 13, I want to provide some update on our expectations for the remainder of the year. Our business and broader industry continues to face challenging operational conditions with persistent foreign exchange, inflationary and other economic pressures. These challenges have only increased since last quarter. We are certainly encouraged by the consistent sales growth achieved across each of our businesses this quarter, especially in this environment. However, we are adjusting our sales expectations for Q4, as we expect volume to further decelerate due to lower end-market demand and we expect foreign exchange to remain a significant headwind. These factors will also present challenges to adjusted operating EBITDA. In light of these factors, we are adjusting our full year guidance and now expect full year sales between $12.4 billion and $12.5 billion and comparable currency-neutral sales growth of 9% to 10%. We are reconfirming our adjusted operating EBITDA guidance of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion, though we anticipate results to be at the bottom end of this range as we maintain strong cost discipline and accelerate productivity to offset persistent headwinds and softer volumes. Looking into 2023, the current macroeconomic environment makes us cautious. And as a result, we anticipate that we will be in a low-volume growth environment, particularly in the first half of next year. In addition, while we see raw material inflation easing, we do anticipate some year-over-year increases in raw materials and continued volatile energy markets, which will require additional pricing actions. As a result, we will continue to examine and refine our resource allocation to focus on strong cost discipline and accelerating our productivity across our business. We will also continue to implement pricing actions surgically, to support our profitability ensure our business remains resilient. And while it's still early in our planning process, we are targeting strong comparable currency-neutral sales growth in 2023, to be driven more predominantly by price with more modest EBITDA growth on a comparable currency-neutral basis, as we reinvest in the business to accelerate sales momentum and drive long-term profitable growth. Foreign exchange will continue to be a headwind, as we roll forward current spot rates. We will spend more time on 2023 at our Investor Day, in a few weeks. I'll now turn it back to Frank, for closing comments. 
Frank Clyburn: Thank you, Glenn. I am tremendously proud of the work our teams at IFF have accomplished in the last quarter, as we remain laser-focused on developing innovative solutions and exceeding the expectations of our customers around the world. As you can see from our outlook, though we are moving into Q4 with caution, I am confident as we have demonstrated time and again and our global team's ability, to navigate even the most complex environments. As Glenn said, we are closely monitoring shifts in the market to effectively address any emerging challenge. We remain intensely focused on controlling the controllable, through the year-end and we continue to work with our customers to surgically implement pricing actions, meet or accelerate our productivity and portfolio optimization objectives, continue to delever our balance sheet and focus on driving profitable growth. As you know, we have made significant progress this year to strengthen our business and become more efficient. By leveraging our strong foundation and being laser-focused on our growth initiatives, I am confident in IFF's ability to be resilient and drive long-term value creation regardless of the market environment. Before I open the call up to questions, I would like to share official details about our upcoming Investor Day, which will be held on Wednesday, December 7 in New York City. We are excited to host this event and share more about the opportunities ahead for IFF including how we will capitalize on our leadership position, innovate for our customers, generate strong productivity and grow our business for the future. We hope you will all join us, and we look forward to seeing you there for what promises to be an engaging interactive and informative experience. Registration links for the in-person live event, have been sent out, but if you have not received one or have questions, please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations department. This will also be webcasted broadly for those that cannot travel to New York City. With that, I would like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you, Frank. We will now begin the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Adam, your line is now open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I guess a question on cash flow, which year-to-date has been more challenged. I think, Glenn, previously there's been a target of $800 million or so of free cash flow this year. Can you provide an update on what that might ultimately shake out to be? And just more broadly, what's the plan on improving the cash conversion as we go into 2023 and beyond? Thanks.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Hey, good morning, Adam. Thanks very much for the question. Clearly, it has been more challenging than expected this year and that's principally been driven by our inventory balances. So, maybe, if I can actually even start back in the first of the year, you cited the $800 million. We began the year at $1 billion target. And since that, it's been a combination of incremental pricing/inflation that was outside of plan. That's costing us about $125 million. And in addition, there's another $200 million of additional inventories we expect to be at year-end. By the way, that's a reduction of about $100 million from where we are. We ended the third quarter with inventories up $600 million from the start of the year. That was a large -- about $200 million of that is basically based on raw material inflation. About $400 million is basically based on, as Frank had mentioned, building inventories for service levels. But importantly, basically demand has slowed down and we've ended up with higher inventory. So, again, that's about $200 million delta from our original target. We are fully confident, we're going to get that $200 million back. We expect to get that back targeted in the first half of next year and even targeting more. On top of that our business has slowed down and there's been some differences in terms of our tax payments, really a timing element for us. That's collectively about $150 million. So those adjustments get us to sort of north of $500 million. So its $1 billion, minus $200 million higher volume-related inventories about another $125 million related to inflation, about $150 million slightly softer earnings than previous outlook and in addition some timing on tax. So that's a little over $500 million. I would note as we mentioned in our script, within our free cash flow that reported, its a GAAP basis in terms of free cash flow, so take it directly from our cash flow statement. That includes deal-related and integration costs. That's very material for us this year, given the sale of our Microbial Control business. So all the transaction-related costs, number of items for the standup at set were basically paid for as part of the deal and some integration-related costs. So there's about $225 million this year, that's sort of in -- it will be netted against that $525 million. So on it's a reported basis, if you will. That's more than $300 million. But frankly the $200 million is really a charge against operating cash flow when it's really related to sales of businesses. It's a little bit of an apples and oranges. So I'd sort of point to maybe $500 million as the true sort of operating cash flow this year. Of the gaps this year, clearly, $200 million inventory will get back. I'd say taxes clearly timing of another $100 million. That gets us to north of a little bit $800 million. And over time, we would expect the incremental raw materials that are sitting in our inventory this year, we'd expect to get that back over time. And again, that's over $250 million from the start of the year. So over time, we expect that to reverse as well. So hopefully, that was helpful.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Samuelson. The next question is from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Mark, your line is now open.
Mark Astrachan: Yeah. Thanks and morning, everyone. I guess just to start I wanted to follow-up on the last question. So thinking about free cash flow more broadly, you wrote down the H&B business. I assume that implies incremental investment for that. So the question maybe sort of broadly is, how do you fund that? Obviously, you just talked about free cash flow improvement kind of over the next 12, 18 months with other sort of underlying drivers. But can you comment on what a reasonable rate of free cash flow productivity for the business would look like kind of 2024 and beyond? Certainly, in the context of some of your competitors having targets out there, are those reasonable levels? And then second question is just on volumes. You're implying the volumes will be down mid single-digits in the fourth quarter. Which categories are driving that? And then how do you think about those trends through at least the first half of 2023 I would guess are challenged before comparisons get easier? Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Hey, Mark, it's Glenn. Good morning. Relative to our longer-term objectives on cash flow, we're going to hold that to our Capital Markets Day. So we're less than a month away from that. We'll have a chance to actually discuss more specifically our longer-term targets. And then I'll turn it over to Frank to talk about some of the flow trends.
Frank Clyburn: Hey, Mark, good morning. A couple of things that I wanted to highlight. You are correct. We are in the fourth quarter assuming volumes do decelerate versus the Q3 number that we just posted. And it's really two factors and I'll give you where the areas that are a focus for us right now what we're seeing. I'll start with our health business under the Health & Biosciences division, Mark. In health and I signaled this I think even earlier in the quarter, we are seeing both end-market demand slow as consumers are making choices between probiotics dietary supplements. So we are seeing some slowing end-market use in health and we are also seeing destocking in that business in particular in North America. And we expect that to continue through the fourth quarter as also well in Europe. So that's what we're seeing in our health businesses. And we went through the quarter, Mark. We did see July down. We saw August come back. September was down. And as we now started to see in October, we're seeing a similar trend of the deceleration I mentioned in that business. In Ingredients under Nourish and we highlighted this on our prepared remarks, Mark, we are also seeing more inventory destocking is the primary aspect of what we're assuming will continue as we go into the fourth quarter. We also within the Ingredients business did make some trade-offs from a pricing perspective. We had some of our Protein Solutions business that was capacity-constrained, where we did increase price made some volume trade-offs to preserve some margin, but it's primarily destocking. So that is the main reason and we're also assuming in that business that will continue in the fourth quarter. As we go into '23, we're expecting at least in the first half moderate volume growth. We'll explain a lot more of what we're anticipating for '23 as we get to Capital Markets Day, Mark, but that's what hopefully gives you some color on what we're seeing in the business. The other thing, I would highlight though and I think it's an important reminder for us that, if you do take a step back over the two-year time period and we mentioned this through Q3, we are growing our volumes 4%. And we are still seeing good growth in particular in Scent and Pharma that we highlighted as well. So, the isolation that I highlighted is really primarily in those two areas, which is where we're anticipating seeing the deceleration continues as mentioned.
Operator: Thank you for your question. The next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Credit Suisse. John, your line is now open.
John Roberts: Great. Thank you. The goodwill write-downs seem to only affect Health & Bioscience, but I assume the higher discount rate would have affected goodwill on the other segments as well. So, the difference must be in the longer-term assumptions for Health & Bioscience relative to the macro assumptions for the other segments. Could you discuss a little bit why the longer-term macro assumptions for Health & Bioscience appear to be worsening relative to the other segments?
Glenn Richter: Yes, John, thanks for the question. Actually it's more related to the amount of goodwill and intangibles that are allocated to the business. So let me -- just by way of background as I'm sure you're well aware, we prior to the end of the quarter had about $25 million of goodwill and intangibles on our books. They were assigned to each of the four divisions. They're directly related to the acquisitions. And by definition, the majority of that is from the N&B acquisition. So that allocation is concentrated in H&B Pharma and somewhat Nourish, but Nourish obviously has legacy IFF business as well. H&B and Pharma do not, right? So, if you will, it's a heavy sort of burden in terms of the goodwill intangibles against those two businesses. For context about 45% prior to the write-down of goodwill and intangibles was sitting on the books of H&B. So that's point one. Point two is, you're required to do an annual test or if there's an event that suggests there may be an impairment have to do it within the year. The event largely is attributable to the interest rate environment. So the way you basically run the calculation is you basically do a discounted cash flow for each of the businesses, you do forward projections. The forward projections on the H&B business were brought down. Those were in part because of exchange rates. So, all the businesses actually have lower earnings because we have to use the current exchange rates. Part of it is slightly lower operating performance, but exchange rates played a meaningful role. But the most significant variable is the discount rate. As everyone's well aware, the interest rates are going up rapidly. So the discount rate we were required to use for the cash flow was materially higher than a year ago and that's what resulted in the $2.25 billion. We do note in our disclosures that we have about 10% cushion on Pharma. As you would expect that will be the second business that would be under scrutiny, just given the amount of goodwill intangibles sign to the business. It is less significant on a relative basis for Scent and Nourish, because you have the legacy IFF businesses, that don't carry the goodwill and the other intangible impact as much. So it's really -- to some extent, I'd say it's a minor reflection on the outlook of the business and more reflective of the interest rate environment and what we're experiencing from the exchange rate.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein. Gunther, your line is now open.
Gunther Zechmann : Thank you. Good morning, Frank, Glenn and Mike. Now your Q4 guidance also from what you just said on volumes implies around 10% pricing. That's pretty similar to Q3. We know that peers reported pricing getting harder in a weakening demand environment, which is what you're flagging as well and new price rounds getting even tougher. So how do you see this develop into 2023 then? What are your expectations for the raw material cost into next year as well? And also how much of the lower volumes that you indicated, do you think are due to stronger price increases that you pushed through as opposed to consumer demand down-trading or destocking please?
Glenn Richter : Good afternoon, Gunther. I'll actually start by talking about the inflationary environment. I think then Frank will probably pick it up to talk about pricing dynamics relative to volume. First of all, we are clearly seeing a deceleration environment relative to raw materials in the marketplace. So that's happening in certain commodities going forward. But let me kind of step back and talk about our overall outlook for 2023 in terms of three components. One logistics is actually looking very favorable flat to maybe slightly down. We are encouraged by an ease up of the supply chain, which is helping not only in terms of cost for freight, but in addition just making sure that we're able to deliver on time to our customers. So that's a plus. Energy is incredibly volatile as everybody knows. And it's very difficult to call that. What we have been doing with our customers as many have been doing is implementing direct surcharges or variable pricing that's tied to energy prices. So that will ebb and flow depending upon the market dynamic. And again, that's fairly consistent with what's happening with many players. That tends to be as you're well aware more concentrated in the European market globally in terms of the impact. And then as it relates to raws, we are seeing -- we're still seeing inflationary pressure. I would basically put that in three buckets where there are certain commodity groups that are impacted by the energy environment and/or supply chain so synthetics; chemicals as an example; pulp as an example. Secondarily, we're clearly seeing some roll-off on contractual pricing we had or hedging this year. So that's actually impacting. And while there are certain price commodity categories that are beginning to decline year-over-year, they represent some modest increases for us, such as soybean, palm oil, et cetera. And related to that, we are expecting next year's raw inflation to be about half of what we had this year, so call it, high single digits in terms of the impact. You are correct in pricing environment continues to tighten up. By definition with a slowdown in consumer, everyone's trying to be a little bit more thoughtful in terms of commodity prices would be passed through. We are about to go to market for 2023 pricing. We have spent a lot of energy being very surgical relative to what makes sense or customer in terms of pricing tied directly to what we're seeing in the marketplace. So we are -- again, it will be a much lower number versus what we have, but we are expecting another round of 2023 pricing actions to offset the residual raw materials. 
Frank Clyburn: And Gunther, this is Frank. With regards to the second part of your question about the lower volumes and strong price increases, we do not see it broadly, Gunther, that our pricing actions have impacted volume. In fact if you look at what's happening in the market, many of our peers are also increasing pricing. So we do not see that as an impact. In fact, we've also reached out to many of our customers and we've been doing this in concert obviously with them. And they have clearly signaled that we have not seen any share losses per se, Gunther because of our pricing actions. The one area that I did highlight is where we made a conscious trade-off was within our Ingredients business where we were capacity-constrained. We did increase price and made some volume trade-offs to preserve margins. So that is the one area that I would highlight. The other thing is with regards to what is the driver, primarily as mentioned, it is destocking for our business is what we're seeing Gunther. And that is -- the main driver is our customers are looking at year-end their inventory levels and wanting to obviously manage their working capital appropriately. So, that's really the driver. The last thing I will say though, with all of that, one of the things and we'll spend more time on the Capital Markets Day is we are looking at ways to really continue to build our commercial execution. How do we work with our customers to really bring the full portfolio of IFF forward increasing our market share with our key customers, regional customers and global customers as well as new customer acquisition? And I'll be spending some more time here at Capital Markets Day really talking about our plans in that area to focus on our aspirations for growth, Gunther. So, much more to come.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Zechmann. Our next question today is from the line of Heidi Vesterinen with BNP Paribas. Heidi, your line is now open.
Heidi Vesterinen: Morning. So, I have another question on your outlook please. We noticed that your peers aren't calling out a volume decline or any major destocking in Q4, although I do appreciate that many of them reported much earlier than you have. Have market trends weakened significantly in recent weeks, or is your cautious outlook driven more by IFF-specific factors? Thank you.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Heidi, it's Frank. And as I highlighted, as we went through the quarter and in particular in September, Heidi, we did start to really see the destocking that I mentioned. And also, we are seeing that in the month of October. So, as we look at now for our forecast for this fourth quarter, we're obviously taking those most recent data points into consideration. And that is why we feel as though appropriately so we have guided to the top line sales that we've mentioned in our prepared remarks. The one thing I do want to take a step back though Heidi and do highlight though is we still are confident that for the full year growing the business, 9% to 10%, if you were excluding exchange, we feel as though is a very good overall performance. Like I said clearly, the fourth quarter is where we're seeing some challenges, and this is primarily due to our customers wanting to manage the inventory. And we think it's the prudent approach to take based on what we're seeing in the last couple of months end of Q3 and then as I mentioned in October.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. David, your line is open.
Anthony Mercandetti: Good morning. This is Anthony Mercandetti on for David. You touched on it a bit throughout the call, but I was wondering if you can maybe elaborate on how much more destocking you're expecting into 2023 will be a headwind in Q4. And then maybe what particular end markets and regions you expect the destocking to be more pronounced in regards to maybe the first half of 2023?
Glenn Richter: Hey, Anthony this is Glenn. Thanks for joining us. I'd say it's really difficult for us to predict. We do track very closely end-consumer demand. So what information we get from largely the scanner data; secondarily, obviously, in very extensive dialogues with our customers in terms of what they're doing. And as a byproduct, we do believe that destocking in addition to declining the end-consumer demand are the key contributors to what we're seeing. And of note as Frank had mentioned, we see it most pronounced in a couple of categories: one in protein solutions; second, in probiotics. And as you follow the end market and look at what some of the major CPG firms are reporting, they're double-digit drops in terms of the end market. And particularly as you think about probiotics, which had a big, big booms related to COVID and the value of these things it's understandable why we would see the decline. So point one is we believe that this is destocking end consumer. Point two relative to how long this will run, we really don't know. A number of our customers have communicated to us that they believe by year-end, they will have their inventories in place. That, of course, assumes they have a good crystal ball relative to where the consumer is going. Others have indicated that they believe that this may extend into the first and second quarter of next year. So we'll be providing more perspective at our Investor Day relative to our outlook on 2023, but we do -- we will ultimately be factoring potentially further destocking and slow down the consumer as we think about the outlook for our financial performance for next year. So appreciate the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Mike, your line is open.
Mike Sison: Hi guys, nice quarter. Frank, when you think about the portfolio now, and it does seem like folks think we're heading into a downturn in 2023, how do you think each of those segments should perform if the recession unfolds? And maybe give us a little bit of color what you've learned on those businesses as we head into 2023.
Frank Clyburn: Yeah. So thanks Mike for the question. A couple of things. As I look at the total portfolio, one would say that overall we feel as though -- and going into a recession, we are very resilient when you look at our portfolio overall. If I start with Nourish, Mike clearly if you think about ingredients in the end markets of food and beverage, we should be very resilient there. Our Flavors segment is a resilient business and then also Food Design. So if you were to exclude some of the near-term challenges that we're talking about from an inventory destocking perspective, we think that our nearest division would be overall very resilient in recessionary times. If I look at the Scent business what is really interesting Mike is that the one area that we have thought would be more of a challenge in a recession would be Fine Fragrance. However, we are seeing really good growth in our Fine Fragrance business this year and our Scent business overall has continued to hang in there very well with overall good strong volume growth. As I look at Health & Biosciences, clearly, we think that holds up very well, also Mike. In particular, if you think about Cultures & Food Enzymes or Home & Personal Care business within Health & Biosciences, we think is a really good business and holds up during a recession. Obviously we've highlighted on this call, the challenges we're seeing in that health segment in the probiotic marketplace, but overall fairly resistant. And then clearly we see pharma as being very resilient in a recessionary period of time. With all of that said, as you mentioned, we do see some challenging headwinds on the horizon. That's something that we are obviously spending time as a team. We'll share much more on our 2023 outlook. But think of the overall business we feel very resilient across our different businesses Mark -- or Mike I should say, and it's something we will clearly spend a lot of time here at Capital Markets Day unpacking even more for you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Sison. The next question comes from the line of Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Ghansham, your line is now open.
Matt Krueger: Hi. Good morning. This is actually Matt Krueger sitting in for Ghansham. So I was hoping that we could touch on some of your own internal initiatives here. So what are some of the internal offsets across the business that can counter the tougher macroeconomic backdrop as we cycle into 2023 and into the back half of this year? And what are some of the primary concerns when entering a downturn for the business? Are you already taking actions to offset this? And if so what might those be?
Frank Clyburn: Hi. This is Frank. I'll start. And we've highlighted our significant focus this year on our productivity initiatives which have primarily been in our operations group where we focused on our supply chain. We're focusing on really looking at economic profit as a key driver of our choices and decisions in our manufacturing operations group or logistics costs. So I would first start, that we have made really good progress in improved productivity. And I think Glenn highlighted that in his prepared remarks. With that said, as you go into an additional -- or a downturn one of the things that we are now looking at is our total cost base for IFF. So we are looking at ways to think about accelerating productivity beyond our manufacturing operations focus that you've heard us talk about and we highlighted on our second call. That's something that we are going to share much more Capital Markets Day. We do think there are ways to reduce our cost base and accelerate productivity, while also preserving two things. One our investment in innovation and two really also making sure we're continuing to focus on working with our customers to drive growth. So more to come at Capital Markets Day, but we do think we will be able to accelerate productivity as we head into 2023.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from the line of Josh Spector with UBS. Mr. Spector, your line is open.
Josh Spector: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. I was wondering if you'd discuss the margins in Scent in the quarter. You previously talked about that segment taking much longer to catch-up on price/cost. I believe, prior calls you talked about maybe later next year. I mean, it appears you made a pretty big step-change improvement this quarter. So what happened in third quarter? And does that change any of your expectations for the forward few quarters from here? Thanks.
Glenn Richter: Hey, Josh. Good morning. Yeah. We're very pleased by the progress that our Scent business is making. Two things are exhibited in the third quarter trend versus the first half of the year. One is, we are beginning to sort of normalize for price versus inflation. So there was another round of pricing year to sort of catch-up for what's been happening with raw materials. That has been implemented. So it's been extremely helpful relative to the gross margin performance, and we expect that to normalize into the first half of next year. But then secondarily, the team has also undertaken actions to continue to manage their costs very tightly. So you'll notice that their RSNA expenses, also showed improvement from the first half to the third quarter as well. So the team is smartly and on a paced manner implemented pricing maintaining volumes quite well and on top of that taking additional productivity actions to make sure they manage the bottom line, and had a nice currency-neutral year-over-year growth as a result of that. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Mizuho. Mr. Parkinson, your line is now open.
Christopher Parkinson: Great. Thanks so much. You kind of hit on a few of these just tangentially your other remarks. I just want to circle back to it. Despite the 3Q result it being solid, it still appears the cost backdrop is still challenging. I understand you want to save a lot for your Analyst Day, but just can you currently just highlight what you're seeing in raws transportation and logistics, and then just also general operating costs just how we should be considering those at least on a preliminary basis entering 2023? Thank you so much.
Glenn Richter: Hey, Chris, yeah, relative to logistics costs year-over-year pretty flattish to slightly down. So we've actually seen nice improvement in the global supply chain. As I mentioned previously, raws we still have pressure about half of what we've seen this year. So think about it as sort of high single digit on our total raw material cost. And that's a function of contracts rolling off. It's also a function of certain categories those driven by energy prices continue to see escalation in areas that are being affected by continued war in Ukraine and other global supply chain issues. So call it half of the rate of this year, still meaningful for us to basically go capture. And as a byproduct of that, not only do we need to be smart on our next round of pricing actions, but everything Frank had mentioned around managing our cost structure as a way to sort of offset those pressures as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Jonathan, your line is now open.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks very much. I think, I've got a pretty good handle on how your customers – primary customers are dealing with trade-down among consumers. But specifically, to your business other than -- you mentioned taking pricing in some cases prioritizing pricing over volume presumably to protect margins is what you meant. How do your customers trade down within your portfolio, sort of not innovating or going to a competitor? Are there signs of trade-down? And how is that different in the legacy DuPont businesses, the businesses that are newer to IFF? Because I felt we had a pretty good handle, on how all that worked before 2021. Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Well, let me attempt to answer it in a couple of dimensions, Jonathan. Obviously, with the consumer under pressure from inflation, there is a visible movement from branded to private label. So that's happening both in Europe and the US, although more pronounced in Europe. We play across the customers that play in both spaces. So we serve both markets. In general, not all cases, but in general our margins are fairly consistent between branded and private label from the standpoint. So from that standpoint, while the consumer is moving across branded to private label generally, we hold up well relative to the shift of our business. The customer also will look at formulations and how do they think about saving money through reformulations, it's very constant. It actually happens in all environments, but it's more pronounced in this type of environment. So we work very closely with them in terms of helping them, reformulate products basically to take cost out and deliver the same solution for the consumer. The third thing, I would say relative to the behavior of consumer is and this is clearly happening in the marketplace is, while the consumer may still actually stay within branded oftentimes they will reduce dosage. So think about that as sort of less home and personal care products usage, or less fabric softener as an example. So that is another factor that's happening that affects our business, as well as the customers' business. But it may in essence, also result in sort of lower volumes in the marketplace as well. So, hopefully, that's helpful. 
Frank Clyburn: Yes. The only thing I would add, Jonathan, I think it's important though that we do still continue to see our customers seeing, how important innovation is for the future. So as we engage with them and as Glenn mentioned, some of what we're seeing, some down-trading near-term, et cetera. But the fact is, we are still seeing very high engagement from our customers wanting to work with us, with regards to our pipeline new projects innovation, which we think is going to be very important for the future for us and going forward. So that's something that I just wanted to also make sure that is reinforced. We're not seeing a pullback of customers not wanting to innovate for their future growth. And that's something that we're focused on really helping them to deliver on. 
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Feeney. Our last question today comes from the line of Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America. Matthew, your line is now open.
Matthew DeYoe: Yes. Excuse me. So I wanted to ask a question on Nourish. Basically -- like basically every $1 you gain in revenue you lost $1 on EBITDA. And that's a fairly sharp downshift in decremental margins from 3Q and maybe a little at odds with the price offsetting raw commentary. So what happened there? And how does that, kind of, set-up for margin progression into 4Q?
Glenn Richter: Yes. Matt, one underlying factor relative to the quarter is how we're trying to correct manufacturing volumes to offset the decline in demand in order to address our cash flow and inventory problems. So as a result of that the production volumes in the third quarter for Nourish were dropped even more so than demand. So there's an absorption issue relative to that's hitting the business. So that does affect sort of the marginal flow-through of the dollar if you will. Also quarter-to-quarter there was some inflationary pressures like energy and some other things that were, sort of, not outside of the period per se in terms of kind of the effects. So it's a little bit hard to, sort of, normalize one quarter to another as being, sort of, an apples-to-apples. But the reduction in volumes in order to get our inventories down is a factor that's hitting our business collectively in Q3 and also in Q2. And it's more pronounced in Nourish and H&B we've seen a more pronounced volume decline. So that's a factor in that calculus you cited. 
Matthew DeYoe: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions waiting at this time. So it's my pleasure to turn the call back over to Frank Clyburn, for closing remarks. 
Frank Clyburn: So thank you everyone for joining our call. Hopefully, you can see and hear despite some of the near-term challenges, we are extremely excited about the future in front of us with IFF. We look forward to December 7 in our Investor Day in the next couple of weeks where we'll really spend time sharing with you our growth our aspiration from an innovation perspective, how we'll continue to drive productivity to be able to reinvest in the business and why I'm very excited about the future of IFF going forward. So look forward to seeing many of you in New York City on the 7th, and thank you for joining our call. 
Operator: That concludes the IFF third quarter 2022 earnings call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-09 14:28:05) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. . I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call.  Yesterday afternoon, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live, and will be available for replay.  Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we're making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to the outlook for the second half and full year 2022. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K and press release, both of which can be found on our website.  Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release.  With me on the call today is our CEO, Frank Clyburn; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Glenn Richter. We will begin with prepared remarks and then take any questions you have at the end.  With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Frank.
Franklin Clyburn: Thank you, Mike, and hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before I dive into our first half results, I want to take a moment to acknowledge the tremendous progress we have made over the last 3 months. Under a challenging operating environment, our global teams continued to display their steadfast commitment to our customers and passion for innovative discoveries as IFF delivered profitable growth. Since joining IFF, I have consistently been impressed by the caliber of the work, innovation and expertise our people deliver as well as the creative culture that underpins our success.  I once again thank our teams around the world for their hard work. I will begin today's call with an update on our strategy refresh process and value creation opportunities we are focusing on for the near and long term, as well as IFF's recent accomplishments as we execute on our operational priorities. This includes delivering $70 million of cost savings in the first half of the year, taking swift and aggressive pricing action to cover inflation, exiting our Microbial Control business and ensuring that we have the right talent in the right roles. I will then turn the call over to Glenn to provide a detailed look at our second quarter financial results and discuss our outlook for the rest of 2022. We will then open the call up for questions.  Beginning with Slide 6, I'd like to provide an update on our efforts to refresh our long-term strategic plan. While we are pleased that IFF holds strong positions across many of our business segments today, we are committed to evaluating and fine-tuning both our strategy and execution to best position the business for long-term profitable growth. I am pleased to share that we are making meaningful progress in moving quickly to map out an exciting and ambitious path forward.  In Q2, we continued to advance our enterprise-wide review of our business and portfolio to ensure we are well equipped to successfully navigate current and future market conditions while capturing long-term value. Our goal for this comprehensive evaluation is to further develop the refined operating plan to generate sustainable sales growth by ensuring lasting competitive differentiation through innovation, product superiority and provide a clear road map where we can execute our priorities to create significant value to all of our stakeholders.  Already, we have successfully completed the foundational phases of the plan. We have identified meaningful opportunities to capture additional profitable growth in attractive end markets, geographies and cross-platform synergies, while also identifying internal opportunities in near-term external pressures that must be navigated to achieve this. Now, we are working to finalize refreshed operating plans that we will align our operating model, talent and incentives as well as finalize our long-term financial targets and capital allocation strategy that prioritizes sustainable long-term growth. In addition, we are strengthening our culture, one that embodies collaboration and accountability to ensure strong execution of our commitments.  We will continue to move rapidly and with urgency over the coming months to finalize our refreshed strategy, and look forward to sharing more on this with you at our Capital Markets Day to be held Wednesday, December 7 in New York City.  Moving to Slide 7, I'd like to give a brief snapshot on where we are focusing as we advance our strategic refresh. There are 5 core areas of focus. First, we are prioritizing a more thoughtful and data-driven approach to our resource allocation strategy. Investment is essential to our future growth, but it is critical that our spending decisions optimize returns and reflect the unique roles that each of our businesses serve in our broader portfolio. I will explain this in more details in a moment. Similarly, we are also making strategic decisions to support our research and development efforts. By focusing on the highest return projects and identifying ways we can leverage our cross-platform offerings we will be even better positioned to accelerate top line growth and extend our industry leadership in key categories. Shortly, we will introduce an enhanced productivity program designed to help us improve profitability and unlock additional opportunities to finance our growth initiatives.  At the same time, we continue to evaluate our portfolio to ensure that our offerings closely align to the markets in which we operate, the evolving expectations of our customers and with our long-term objectives. We successfully completed the divestiture of our Microbial Control business, and we will continue to assess the portfolio as we explore additional non-core divestitures to reduce debt and improve our capital structure.  Lastly, we are reviewing our operating model to ensure that our structure, talent and incentives to maximize our unmatched portfolio and go-to-market strategy with our customers. Attracting and supporting the industry's best talent and aligning incentives is critical to drive continued collaboration and accountability across the organization.  I am focused on making sure we have the right talent to execute our strategic plan, and I'm pleased that we recently announced Deb Borg, who will join us as our Chief Human Resource and Diversity and Inclusion Officer on August 29, 2022. With her deep experience connecting HR, culture, employee engagement and business as well as our change management expertise, she has the right skill set for IFF and our people as we strengthen our execution-driven culture. She brings an extensive track record of building world-class talent and helping the business execute and drive value for all stakeholders. Our success with these initiatives will be supported by our ongoing work to modernize our foundation on data and technology capabilities as we strengthen our internal operations to help ensure best-in-class execution.  On Slide 8, I would like to share a bit more about the deliberate choices we are making, specifically how a more strategic and disciplined approach to resource allocation will create exciting opportunities for profitable growth. Across the board, we are focused on driving margin improvements, but to do so effectively, we're pursuing differential management strategy across key areas.  Last quarter, I shared an ROIC chart, which was a first glimpse into the lens that we are viewing the company through. To move forward with this plan, we have developed a comprehensive playbook that segments our business into 3 distinct archetypes with unique strategic imperatives. When we look at our portfolio, we would consider whether to invest to grow, maximize to drive efficiencies or optimize to rapidly improve performance. Using this model, we remain intensely focused on achieving above-market growth, strengthening our competitive global position, increasing our return on invested capital and analyzing the most valuable use of our existing assets.  For example, in a category like Flavors, we see meaningful opportunities to drive above-market revenue growth, primarily through reinvesting in innovation and commercial initiatives. We are prioritizing above-market revenue expansion in this category as opposed to margin improvement alone as we're focusing on large, profitable and faster-growing subcategories like Beverages or Dairy to drive strong value creation. Here, it is more about reinvesting margin upside to ensure we are bringing the best innovation to our customers to drive dollar profit growth.  On the other hand, in a market like Animal Nutrition, we are focused on maintaining the consistent growth we've delivered, with an emphasis on driving further productivity. By identifying certain segments in which to reinvest while strategically reducing R&D expenses in others, we will focus on margin improvement and create opportunities to invest in the highest value offerings.  We are taking a stronger approach within our optimized businesses, for example, our pectin business, a popular clean-label natural stabilizer, to quickly drive near-term earnings through pricing and cost initiatives while maintaining our market competitiveness and reallocating upside to invest to growth categories like Flavors. I will also say, for those optimized businesses where we do not have a strong improvement plan, we will accelerate divestitures and exit the category, with work already well underway.  I am excited about this initiative and the progress we are seeing already. Make no mistake, we are running IFF quite differently in bringing enhanced rigor to our operations across every business and function. Earlier this year, we spent time reviewing our key priorities, including pricing and portfolio optimization.  Moving to Slide 9. I would now like to focus on the multi-year productivity and reinvestment program I mentioned earlier, which I believe is key to achieving our long-term growth expectations and our profitability goals. Since joining IFF, I have spent time analyzing our cost profile and believe, as an organization, we have a significant opportunity to optimize our cost structure. I am fully committed to unlocking this value and have asked the team to accelerate our efforts to ensure we are well positioned to execute as we move into the second half of the year.  For more details, I would like to ask Glenn to comment.
Glenn Richter: Thank you, Frank, and good morning and good afternoon to everyone. Accelerating our productivity and expense synergy efforts represents one of our top priorities, and is increasingly important in a more challenging economic environment in order to maximize financial performance. To this end, we want to provide additional transparency to our multi-year productivity program and the expected results.  First of all, let me describe the scope of our efforts. Overall, we have established 4 productivity efforts that cover approximately 85% of IFF's total cost structure, focused primarily on operations and overhead expenses. The 4 teams include supply chain, which includes our procurement and global logistics operations. Opportunities include driving additional efficiencies in direct and indirect material spending through enhanced procurement strategies and demand management, particularly for indirect spend and reduced logistics costs driven by improved global S&OP processes.  The second team is focused on end-to-end manufacturing operations and includes a broad-based set of initiatives, including accelerating our digital manufacturing efforts, driving yield improvements, system-wide best practices and energy savings programs.  The third initiative is our economic profit team that is focused on leveraging improved technology and disciplined processes to optimize product mix, rationalize SKUs and enhance make versus buy decisions.  And our fourth team is focused on building out our global shared service platform in with technology, to drive increased centralization and process standardization to drive efficiencies across our administrative and business support functions.  In total, the combined programs are targeting a preliminary net annualized P&L impact of $250 million to $300 million that we expect to be achieved between 2023 and 2025.  Two important notes. First, this $250 million to $300 million annual impact is net of reinvestments that are targeted to strengthen our innovation pipeline, expand our commercial efforts across key products, customers and regions, deepen our technology and digital capabilities and strengthen our talent. Secondly, the net savings will be slightly more skewed to 2024 and 2025. We look forward to sharing more details with you at our Investor Day in December.  With that, I'll turn it back to Frank.
Franklin Clyburn: Thank you, Glenn. As I said, we will provide more specifics on this program at our Investor Day in December, but wanted to share an early indication with you as we committed to provide more details on this topic during our Q1 earnings call. More importantly, at our Investor Day, we will also provide you with a clear and more detailed road map for growth, including our incremental revenue opportunities from our combination with N&B. We remain confident that we have significant opportunities ahead, confirmed by our initial commercial wins and positive customer feedback as well as our competitors following our lead.  I know that realization of these benefits have been slower than expected due to external factors, including COVID, supply chain disruption, customer bandwidth, pricing initiatives and constrained capacity. However, since joining, I have launched a focused initiative to reinforce our emphasis and address existing gaps.  Specifically, we are developing a set of prioritized opportunities, each with clear financial impact, owner and time line to provide confidence in our ability to deliver. This will be a significant focus for me going forward as I'm committed to delivering the value proposition of our combined portfolio and will be personally involved, dedicating significant time and engagement with the business to drive performance.  I am pleased to say that we continue to see steady wins across our portfolio. Recently, we co-collaborated with a leading alternative protein producer to improve commercial and technical collaboration, essentially upstreaming the incorporation of Heritage IFF flavors into Heritage N&B Protein-Based, exceeding our customers' expectation for plant-based burgers. This resulted in IFF being awarded as a core supplier, one of three, increasing our market share and enjoying a long-term relationship. In addition, we are seeing the value of integrated solutions between our Nourish and H&B divisions.  The Dairy category is showing very good collaboration opportunities, thanks in large part to early technical support and a better, together approach with customers. In this win, we were a step ahead of the competition due to early engagement with a dairy customer during culture development phase and showing the best flavor collaboration.  These are just 2 examples, but strong proof points that we are moving in the right direction and delivering a better value proposition to our customers.  Now turning to Slide 10, I'd like to provide an overview of our performance for the first half of the year. Our strong first half results are once again a testament to the strength of our portfolio and the dedication of our talented global teams who have continued to go above and beyond in a complex market. Despite the macroeconomic challenges of the last 6 months, sales grew by a strong 18% or 12% on a currency-neutral basis to $6.5 billion. Comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA grew 8% to $1.4 billion.  I am proud to report that we increased our quarterly dividend by approximately 3%, the 13th consecutive year of increased payouts to our shareholders, which underscores our belief in our business and IFF's strong future cash flow generation. We also continue to work on deleveraging objectives, where we remain committed to our deleverage target of reducing net debt to EBITDA to less than 3x 36 months post the transaction, which is February 1, 2024. At the same time, we prudently and proactively amended the covenants on our existing credit agreements given the market volatility and uncertainty. Glenn will discuss in more detail.  As I mentioned a bit earlier, we also completed the divestiture of our Microbial Control business on July 1 and continuing to evaluate additional divestiture opportunities for our non-core assets as we move ahead based on our category management approach I described earlier.  Now, I would like to turn the call back over to Glenn to provide a closer look into our second quarter financials.
Glenn Richter: Thanks again, Frank. Turning first to our consolidated second quarter results. IFF generated more than $3 billion in sales, representing 11% year-over-year increase on comparable currency-neutral basis, primarily driven by double-digit growth in Nourish and Pharma solutions. In terms of our growth contribution, pricing represented the majority, with volumes up modestly.  Our focus coming into 2022 was to fully recover inflation through pricing actions, and for the full year, we are on track to recover approximately $1 billion in cost inflation. We are doing so in a very thoughtful and strategic manner, over on lower margin and capacity-constrained businesses.  While foreign exchange rates have had an adverse impact on our sales and EBITDA in the second quarter, I'm pleased to report that adjusted operating EBITDA grew 3% year-over-year on a reported basis or 7% on a comparable currency neutral basis driven by productivity gains and pricing actions we implemented in the quarter. We also achieved solid year-over-year earnings per share growth of 3%, excluding amortization.  Before moving on, I wanted to share that during the second quarter of '22, we took an impairment charge of $120 million within certain entities in Russia due to a number of factors, including reduced business focus as we have restricted our operations to essential consumer products that include food, hygiene and medicine, supply chain issues, reduced product demand and exchange rate volatility, all as the result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. It was determined that such declines in operating performance were not expected to reverse in the near future, and future expected growth is expected to be limited given the operating conditions in Russia. This non-cash impairment charge was allocated pro rata to intangible assets and property, plant and equipment within the asset group in the amount of approximately $92 million and $28 million, respectively.  Moving now to Slide 12, I'll provide a brief overview of the underlying performance across our business segments. As I mentioned, sales growth across each of our business segments, including Nourish, Health & Biosciences, Scents and Pharma Solutions contribute to IFF's year-over-year comparable currency-neutral sales growth of 11%.  Nourish was once again our largest growth driver, with a significant broad-based growth across our Flavors, Ingredients and Food Design businesses. Scent had another strong quarter, with currency-neutral sales growth in the high single digits led by Fine Fragrance, Consumer Fragrance and Ingredients. Health & Biosciences delivered mid-single-digit growth due to consistent performance in Health, Cultures & Food Enzymes and Animal Nutrition, as well as Microbial Control prior to the official divestiture completed in July. Both Home & Personal Care and Grain Processing were negative in the second quarter as each business had very strong double-digit comparison in the prior year period.  Lastly, we are pleased by Pharma Solutions continued rebound, having achieved double-digit growth driven by continued strength in our Industrial and Pharma businesses.  Turning to Slide 13, I'd like to provide a review of our profitability for the quarter. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $700 million, exceeding our expectations and representing 7% in year-over-year comparable currency-neutral growth driven by the pricing actions and productivity gains that I mentioned earlier. Our comparable adjusted EBITDA margin in the second quarter was 21.3%, and on an inflation-adjusted basis would have been approximately 220 basis higher or approximately 23.5%, if we normalize for the impact of pricing contribution to sales. This compares to an EBITDA margin of 22% in Q2 of 2021.  As a result of our strategic pricing actions, we have fully recovered total inflation cost to date, and we are optimistic that we will achieve full dollar cost recovery for the full fiscal year. As we continue navigating this uncertain market, we will continue to closely monitor raw materials and logistics costs in the quarters ahead and take appropriate action to offset additional inflationary pressures and maintain profitability.  On Slide 14 is an overview of our second quarter performance by business segment. Nourish, which delivered year-over-year comparable currency-neutral sales growth of 15% and 18% growth in comparable currency-neutral adjusted operating EBITDA, saw strong demand, particularly in Food Design and Flavors. In Health and Biosciences, high single-digit increases in Health and Cultures & Food Enzymes, and mid-single-digit growth in Animal Nutrition drove 4% comparable currency neutral sales growth for the division. While we implemented strategic pricing actions and saw notable productivity gains similar to Nourish this quarter, lower volumes and an unfavorable mix led to 2% year-over-year decrease in comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA.  In Scent, Fine Fragrances continue to lead the way with double-digit growth, followed by high single-digit growth in Ingredients and low single-digit growth in Consumer Fragrance. Collectively, Scent achieved year-over-year comparable currency neutral sales growth of 9%, though inflationary pressures outpaced our strategic pricing actions, which led to a 17% decrease in comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA. Our teams are continuing to work with our customers to address these ongoing inflationary pressures, and we fully anticipate to recover all inflationary costs over time.  Lastly, Pharma Solutions was one of our strongest performers this quarter, achieving 10% in year-over-year comparable currency-neutral sales growth and an exceptional 25% increase in comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA, driven by double-digit growth in Industrial and high single-digit growth in Pharma. The division's profitability was further supported by pricing actions and productivity gains.  Turning to Slide 15, I would like to discuss our cash flow and leverage position for the first half results. In our first 6 months, our free cash flow position was impacted by higher inventory values. This was a result of a combination of continued inflationary pressures and rebuilding inventories to support customer service levels. million in the first half, representing approximately 3.6% of sales, as we continue to make necessary investments in our business. In addition, IFF delivered $402 million in dividends to our shareholders.  From a leverage perspective, we remain well positioned as we advance our strategic refresh. We finished the second quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $569 million while gross debt for the quarter totaled $12.15 billion. Note that we received the $1.3 billion gross proceeds from the sale of our Microbial Control business in July. At the end of Q2, we maintained a 4.4x net debt credit adjusted EBITDA ratio.  In addition, just last week, we proactively amended our existing term loan credit agreement and revolving credit agreement in order to ensure we maintain adequate flexibility to navigate near-term market uncertainties. The associated amendment fee was approximately $800,000. The amended agreements delayed certain step-downs from maximum permitted leverage ratio of 4.5:1, stepping down to 3.5:1 over time, with the first step down now occurring at the end of the third quarter 2023 versus the end of the fourth quarter 2022 previously. Trailing 12-month credit adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.644 billion.  As Frank mentioned, on August 3, our Board of Directors authorized a 3% or $0.02 increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.81 per share of the company's common stock. The quarterly dividend is payable on October 5, 2022 to shareholders of record as of September 23. Including this authorization, we increased our quarterly dividend payment for the 13th consecutive year.  Let's now turn to our consolidated outlook on Slide 16. As we look to the remainder of 2022, we remain on track to deliver our commitments and are reconfirming full year guidance projected sales of $12.6 billion to $13 billion and currency-neutral sales growth of 9% to 12%. While we are reconfirming our outlook, we also are increasingly cautious on the overall market environment outlook as we navigate continued foreign exchange fluctuations, ongoing inflation and potentially recessionary pressures. We expect to achieve our sales targets through pricing actions as we press ahead toward full dollar cost recovery.  We expect foreign exchange pressures to impact sales by approximately 5 percentage points compared to our previously forecasted 4 percentage points. We are also reconfirming adjusted operating EBITDA to be $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion, which equates to currency-neutral operating EBITDA growth of 4% to 8%. Please note that we expect foreign exchange to impact that growth by approximately 6 percentage points versus 5 percentage points previously.  As always, we remain laser focused on mitigating the many macroeconomic challenges with an emphasis on controlling what we can control during these uncertain times, notably focusing on pricing execution and productivity.  In terms of the third quarter, we expect sales growth to be strong driven by pricing actions, with sales coming in modestly above $3 billion and impacted by incremental foreign exchange headwinds, some seasonality of our business and the divestiture of Microbial Control. The sale of Microbial Control will impact Q3 revenues by approximately $110 million. For the third quarter, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be approximately $600 million to $610 million.  Before passing the call back to Frank, I want to revisit the 4 core business objectives we outlined at the beginning of the year. Overall, we are executing well against our operational priorities so far this year. Relative to maintaining strong sales momentum, we achieved 12% year-over-year currency-neutral sales growth for the first half of '22 and are targeting currency-neutral growth of 9% to 12% for the full year.  In terms of executing our broad-based pricing actions, we've fully recovered the total cost of inflation, and we remain on track to achieve a full dollar cost recovery for the full year '22. Importantly, we are closely monitoring inflationary trends in the broader market environment to ensure we are well equipped to stay ahead and, where necessary, quickly respond to future challenges.  On the productivity front, we continue to make tremendous progress towards our productivity savings goals for the full year. In the first half of the year, we delivered over $70 million operational efficiencies and deal-related synergies, well above our expectations. We are well on track to exceed our $100 million full year savings target.  Finally, relative to accelerating non-core divestitures, we successfully completed the sale of our Microbial Control business on July 1 and are continuing to assess our portfolio to identify additional portfolio optimization and divestiture opportunities in this uncertain market. These divestitures will help us delever our balance sheet and enable us to reinvest in our highest performing businesses.  With that, I'll pass the call back over to Frank.
Franklin Clyburn: Thanks, Glenn. Before I wrap up today's call, I want to say I am proud of the efforts of our global teams as we continue to execute amid challenging market conditions. We've achieved strong performance in the first half of 2022 and increased our dividend for the 13th consecutive year. I am confident in our ability to achieve our full year financial targets as we continue executing against our operational priorities and control what we can control.  At the same time, we are committed to advancing our strategic transformation efforts, deploying innovation, refining our portfolio and strengthening our culture to deliver strong value creation for all of our stakeholders.  Moving through the second half of the year, we will be intensely and urgently focused on protecting and growing our business, identifying new strategic value creation opportunities, and communicating our refreshed operating model across the business and the market to position IFF for long-term success. I look forward to sharing more at our upcoming Capital Markets Day in early December.  I'd now like to open the call for any questions. Thank you.
Operator: . And we will take our first question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: I wanted to ask about the productivity program and how you're thinking about balancing margin versus volume growth especially given, I think, what you said, Glenn, of modest volume growth in this period, sort of how do you think about that going forward?  And how do we think about net savings as it relates to long-term targets, including implied margin expansion? I think the math would get you something north of 200 basis points in implied margins. How do we think about that longer term?
Franklin Clyburn: Mark, this is Frank. A couple of comments. I'll start with first, the productivity program that we've announced, we see that as really important not only near-term, Mark, but really building a continuing productivity mindset. We want that build into the company.  We also want to be able to use that to be able to invest in our growth opportunities. What we're trying to achieve, Mark, is really sustainable, profitable growth, and to start to really get leverage throughout the P&L. We think that's going to be really important for us from a profile perspective. This is why we've also done the ROIC work, Mark, on our portfolio, and we'll be able to share with you in December some of the specific targets from a financial perspective.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Heidi Vesterinen with BNP Paribas Exane.
Heidi Vesterinen: So if we look at your Q2 currency-neutral growth, I understand this is mainly price. While we see that most of your peers had strong volumes this quarter, why do you think you weren't able to grow volumes? And perhaps you could comment on the exit rate in Q2 in terms of volumes and momentum into Q3, please? And then somewhat linked to that, what was the reason for not upgrading your full year guidance after such a strong H1 in terms of EBITDA?
Glenn Richter: Heidi, this is Glenn. Thanks for the questions. Relative to sort of volume comparatives, I would sort of maybe answer it 3 ways. One is, as you're well aware, the comparatives are difficult given the apples to oranges sometimes comparisons of the business. But I would say that if you really kind of strip our business down and look at sort of the first half results, most of our core businesses actually are doing quite well. So Flavors, Scents are both mid-single digit in terms of volume growth. Core business units within H&B, Health is up high single digit. Cultures, Food Enzymes, Animal Nutrition, mid-single digits. Pharma is up low single digits.  So the difference is, as we've discussed throughout the year, we're being very thoughtful regarding a balance between volume and profitability. So we've been very strategic and thoughtful relative to margin enhancement actions and focusing on those businesses that have both capacity constraints and/or are lower-margin businesses, so that's the difference. We're very specifically trying to focus on making sure we deliver good outcomes for our shareholders as well as our customers from performance.  And then lastly, I would note that this is very consistent with what we signaled. We've said very early in the year, we were planning basically the balance of the year to be relatively flattish to 1 point, and this is very consistent with the strategy and how we're implementing it.  Relative to kind of guidance, the reality is the pace in which sort of inflationary pressures flow through raw materials into our cost of goods, it does vary by business. So there's a little bit of a lag here in terms of how that's hitting quarter-to-quarter. That explains some of the overperformance in the quarter, third quarter relative to kind of the full year outlook. And consequently, because of that lag and just generally a perspective on cautionary outlook given the macro environment, we're being sort of realistic in terms of how we guide, and consequently, we're sticking to the same guidance.  So hopefully, that's helpful.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein.
Gunther Zechmann: Frank, Glenn, and Mike. Can you talk about the volume contribution within Nourish that you expect in Q3? And how much revenue synergies and integrated solutions are included in that place?  And then secondly, what is your updated inflation forecast for the year, and any insight that you can share into 2023, please?
Franklin Clyburn: Gunther, it's Frank. I'll get started. So first, with regards to revenue synergies, and as Glenn mentioned, we did see really good performance, especially within Flavors, within Nourish, and we're excited about the significant opportunity we believe we have there.  We also highlighted on the call some examples, Gunther, that we are really encouraged by some of the wins that we're seeing where we're utilizing our legacy N&B expertise, as well as legacy IFF expertise for vanilla flavor is an important win there. We highlighted an important win with regards to plant-based burgers. We're seeing good cross-selling opportunities. So overall, we're starting to see revenue synergies and we're hearing good positive feedback from our customers.  With that said, Gunther, there's work to be done, and I highlighted that on the prepared remarks. This is something that's going to be a significant area of focus for myself personally as well as the executive team. We're going to be leaning into how we bring our broader platform portfolio technology to our customers. So this is something we'll share a lot more about in our December Capital Markets Day.  Glenn, I don't know if you want to maybe touch on the inflation?
Glenn Richter: Sure. Yes. Definitely Gunther. Relative to 2022, it's still choppy, but in general, no change to our outlook relative to the impact of inflation. Generally, energy has been slightly better. Logistics has been slightly better. Raw materials have been slightly worse in pockets. But generally, things are sort of stable.  I would also note that just the nature of the time it takes raw materials to go through inventory and show up in the P&L, any additional impact for the balance of the year is likely to be muted to 0 and really hit 2023.  We are taking a very deep look at '23. We've run through a preliminary scenario, we're doing an update in the coming weeks here as we plan for 2023. And our perspective at this point is we do anticipate another, I'll say, meaningful round of cost increase from inflation. That's going to be concentrated in our view more on raw materials. So there's a number of areas including soy, oils, obviously, certain commodity groups such as agricultural grains and those sort of things, we're seeing pretty significant inflation. Energy is choppy, but likely to also be some increase modestly in energy prices and logistics as well. We're likely to see some sort of modest increase as well. So kind of overall, we are expecting probably '23 not to the same degree as '22, but we are expecting additional inflationary pressures for next year.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Sison with Wells Fargo.
Michael Sison: Nice quarter and outlook. In terms of free cash flow performance for 2Q, any more color maybe by segment? What's sort of driving that consumption? And then I think you were hoping to do about $1 billion in positive free cash flow in '22. Can you make up some of this in the second half of the year?
Glenn Richter: Yes. So good question, Mike. The sole impact is -- well, there's seasonality, as you know. So typically, in the first half of the year, first quarter, there's a build on working capital, namely inventories. Secondarily, there's the year-end of compensation that basically gets paid out, et cetera. We are running actually worse on cash flow than anticipated to the tune of about $200 million. That is 100% attributable to higher inventory levels that is principally related to basically higher costs.  So as you may recall, when we entered the year, we had our kind of Wave 1 inflation subsequent very early in the year. We identified another significant round of inflation coming through. That is rolling into inventory. So as a byproduct of that, we had guided to the full year that we'd be relatively flat to prior year from a free cash flow standpoint of about $1 billion-ish. We're sort of targeting to be probably about $200 million less than that at this point in time.  That being said, we are implementing a series of very important initiatives largely against the legacy N&B businesses. In terms of putting in new S&OP processes and enhancements, we're hopeful that those will drive some efficiencies, i.e., be able to bring some inventory levels. But I'd say best guess at this point is probably 800-ish versus the original $1 billion.
Operator: And we'll go next to Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So I guess I wanted to come back to the inflation and cost question. I appreciate there's a business, but help us just balance, think about the price cost balance in the second half specifically? I think you entered the year having been behind on price cost from '21, and hoping you'd be catching up to that into '23. Is there still -- do you still see -- or still have line of sight to recapturing kind of that price-cost imbalance on a cumulative basis in '23?  And I guess, along those lines, can you talk about the actions you're taking to try to shorten some of the price lags in some of the businesses, and probably see it a little bit more in the Scent segment this quarter? But how -- what can we do to maybe compress that -- the length of those inventories in cost cycles?
Glenn Richter: Adam, thanks for the question. I'd say a couple of answers. One is just relative to this year, I'll say we're slightly ahead, i.e. price versus cost, back to the how things roll through inventory slightly behind the second half of the year. That's part of the reason for the -- how one thinks about the balance of the year implied guidance versus kind of the first half of the year. So that's a piece of it.  We -- normally, 18 months would be the full lag from inflation to capture. You can see that it's sort of manifesting itself differently by business. Scent is the one that's the furthest behind from a timing, given the nature of the relatively large customers and generally are indices tag to the contracts from the standpoint. And we would fully expect that to continue to be the case.  The only question mark here is how one thinks about '23. So as I just mentioned, my prior answer to Mike is that we probably are going to see another round of inflation come through. So from that standpoint, it may be 18 months from the first round, but we may have a continued set of rounds of inflation we need to catch up, which would suggest probably late '23 or even '24, if that's the case.  But to your last part of your question, obviously, we've all been in a very unprecedented environment relative to pricing, and that's required us to sort of rethink traditional contracts. And the way we've been rethinking them is, to some extent, just having realistic discussions with our customers on these -- level of inflation and having to share the burden. And then in addition, just rethinking contracts in terms of the frequency, so as opposed to annual, semi-annual or other type of sort of more open agreements relative to changes in the marketplace. So that's been a bigger factor of relative to the contracts we put in place, and I suspect it will prevail in the future as well as we think about '23.
Operator: And we will take our next question from John Roberts with Credit Suisse.
John Roberts: Glenn. I think you earlier quantified it's 3 or 4 divestments for $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion in expected proceeds. Is that still the right ballpark target as you look at the portfolio?  And then to your comments on inflation and higher working capital. So the way to think about how much is just oil prices working their way down the supply chain, and it's just taking time to get to you versus structural, European gas constraints in China, rotating lockdowns and logistics stuff? Can you separate oil prices or commodity prices versus the structural issues you're facing?
Glenn Richter: Yes. Good question, John. So relative to our outlook for divestitures, we still think the $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion gross proceeds, 3 to 4 transactions completed by the end of next year is in the right ballpark. The market, as you're well aware, has slowed down, so the level of M&A activity is substantially less with the ball in the credit markets that has made it more difficult, particularly for private equity investors.  However, the size of our transactions, you can just do the simple math, aren't that large. They tend to be sort of nice strategic fits for other businesses. So from an initial dialogue standpoint, the interest level seems very good. So we think that things may be a little slower from a process standpoint, but we're still fairly confident that we will hit our target.  Relative to sort of broader global supplies or how one thinks about inventory over the longer cycle, about half of our growth, of our dollar growth of inventories is related to inflation this year, and about half is related to higher inventory levels. Those higher inventory levels, if you recall, would basically improve our customer service levels because we had low inventories, again, the legacy N&B businesses. I will say, though, I'm increasingly confident that through the implementation of improved S&OP processes across a number of our businesses, that will allow us actually to reduce some of those higher inventories.  The third thing you mentioned is really the global supply chain. Clearly, we, like everybody, have an extended supply chain, i.e., there's more products sitting on the water for longer times. There's more inventory buffer stock in our system, et cetera, that basically accommodate for the volatility of the market. We're actually thinking about what that means longer term in terms of working capital. And I suspect by the end of this year, we'll be able to sort of come back and provide some visibility on that. But I do think at the end of the day, that will be a meaningful improvement opportunity not just for ourselves, but for everyone as the supply chain gets back to order.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter: Frank and Glenn, where are you seeing initial signs of demand weakness, either by geography or by business? And second, if we were to go into a deeper downturn, what levers can, would you pull to offset that downturn?
Franklin Clyburn: David, it's Frank. Thanks for the question. A couple of thoughts. From the demand weakness perspective, the geography that we are seeing is probably no surprises. Really China, we had the lockdowns, and we did see an impact clearly in the second quarter. And just to recall, David, China is our second largest market, so that's been somewhat of a challenge for us.  And then if you think about our portfolio, on the positive side, as Glenn mentioned, we did see good growth in Health, Cultures & Food Enzymes, Flavors, Fine and Consumer Fragrance as well, so that's the positive. If you think about the resiliency of our portfolio, we feel overall cautiously optimistic. One would anticipate as pressures continue to , Fine Fragrances may be somewhat of a challenge.  As we think about the additional levers, and this is what we're really staring into. But if you listen to some of our prepared remarks, clearly, productivity is going to be continuously important for us, and that's something that we are spending a lot of time on as a team and thinking about levers there. Glenn has already spoken about our pricing and our working with customers to really do everything we can to recoup the inflation that we're seeing.  And then the other lever we have is really staying close to our customers, our global key account teams, our customer insight teams, really trying to be as quick and agile as possible. Working with our customers to make sure we have good connection with them to understand kind of what we're seeing in the marketplace. So those are all levers that we are focused on, but it's also why we feel good on our recommitment of our guidance. Both the top line at 9% to 12% growth range, and then also our EBITDA range of 48%. So that's why we feel comfortable and confident in reconfirming our guidance today.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi: I just wanted to first up, follow up on the last question as it relates to new product development. Have you seen any signs of slowing as major customers sort of worry about consumer elasticity on a global basis?  And then on Slide 16, Frank, we talked about preparing for more uncertain market conditions, including a recession. How do you think the portfolio is positioned as we potentially go into some level of macroeconomic slowdown? And I'm just asking in context of your leverage profile occurred.
Franklin Clyburn: Yes. So on the resiliency, as I mentioned, we feel overall cautiously optimistic on the portfolio. Clearly, there's a lot of moving pieces right now. But if you think about Food and Beverage, you think about Health, you think about what we are seeing resiliency from our Pharma business, so we feel overall that the portfolio going into possibly some challenging times is really well positioned overall. And I've kind of highlighted that Fine Fragrances may be an area that we start to see some pullback from a demand perspective.  As far as the innovation question in our portfolio, there are some customers that are going to really focus on our core offerings, that they're going to maybe not think about new offerings at this point in time. However, we still are seeing very strong signals of customers wanting to innovate, co-develop and work with us, and we're really excited about our pipeline and portfolio. And my belief is that's still going to be critically important for the future. It's something that we'll spend time in December really sharing with you why we're excited about our pipeline portfolio, but that's going to be really key for us.  So yes, you'll see some customers focus in the near term maybe on core offerings. However, as we look out, we're still seeing signals from customers that are working with us on innovation. It's going to be really important to the future.
Glenn Richter: Yes. And if I could maybe just add to that relative to the leverage question, Ghansham, is that as Frank indicated, as you're well aware, this business is highly resilient through cycles. So you may be down a couple percent, you may have some temporary transition quarter or 2 as customers sort of destock inventories, but in general, you don't see massive swings in terms of volume.  Secondarily, very importantly, we do believe that sort of the pricing resiliency and being able to continue to sustain passing inflation through, which is helpful.  Third, productivity, as we've mentioned, is sort of a major driver here to sort of offset some of the potential demand drop in the marketplace. And then in general, a slowdown probably helps other elements of working capital, such as inventory is more stable as well, and maybe even slower CapEx investments. So not only from a P&L standpoint, but from a cash flow, very resilient to sort of managing the cycle, particularly with the success in pricing and the focus on productivity.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Josh Spector with UBS.
Joshua Spector: I just wanted to follow up on Nourish, and particularly in the quarter, segment margins were much higher than our expectations, I believe, higher than your expectations. You talked about the visibility of raw materials flowing through your system. So I'm curious really what went better in the quarter, and why can't something like that occur in the next couple of quarters? What's different versus what happened this quarter?
Glenn Richter: Yes, good question, Josh. It really is related to the sort of the matching of the build in inventories relative to the flow-throughs of sales. And as mentioned, we've sort of built inventories. And at this point, we think we're going to be fairly -- i.e., the raw materials have come through. Raw materials are generally sort of static from a cost standpoint. So we do expect them to sort of run through the next quarter or so, and we wouldn't expect to have this, I'll say, artificial pickup from a timing standpoint.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Parkinson with Mizuho.
Christopher Parkinson: We've hit on price cost, we've hit on productivity. When we look out -- obviously, there's some uncertainty in the second half of the year. But when we look out into '23, '24, and Frank, now that you've had some time to look at your 4 primary businesses, can you talk about just any potential mix enrichment, specifically in H&B, and anything else that could really help us try to compartmentalize your longer-term margin opportunities across segments? Just any quick thoughts?
Franklin Clyburn: Yes, Chris, just -- I mean, we'll spend some time in December around the portfolio, in particular. This is why we have really looked at our business through the ROIC lens that we've spoken about. And you can see the 3 categories that we highlighted, Invest to Grow and then also maintaining our business, and then some that we actually have to really improve or exit.  We're excited that we have significant opportunities within the Invest to Grow area. And I've highlighted Flavors, we've highlighted Health, our Food & Culture Enzyme businesses. So there is, we think, significant profitable opportunities for very good growth, big categories. The categories are growing, very strong end markets. So we're excited about that, Chris. And then also, we will continue to take a very disciplined approach overall to areas where we do not think we are the best owners. And Glenn highlighted our divestiture strategy, we'll continue to do that as well. So all in all, we feel good about the portfolio. And like I said, we'll impact a lot more of that when we get to December.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: The margin compression in Scent was weaker from the first to the second quarter, that is weaker sequentially. That seems to be the one business where you've not had the same profit resiliency. Why is that? And for Glenn, your deferred tax line in your funds flow was an outflow of $178 million. And for the full year last year, it was an outflow of $236 million. What's going on with your taxes so that you have this cash outflow?
Glenn Richter: Jeff, you want me to answer the first question or second question?
Franklin Clyburn: You can go.
Glenn Richter: Okay. Sorry. Okay. So your first question was relative to the Scent trend and --
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Market performance.
Glenn Richter: The reality is that -- 2 things. One, there were some one-time expenses in the second quarter relative to Scents. Secondarily, as we mentioned, that there's been 2 rounds of inflation. So as we talked, it's a little more of a lag in that business from a standpoint. So if you think about the 2 rounds of impact that's basically coming through and there's a bit of delay.  And relative to taxes, there's lots of -- every year, Jeffrey, there's lots of ebbs and flows, depending on what's happening across various parts of the globe in terms of our tax positions and settlements. So everything is actually trending fine versus sort of our expectations at this point in time. There's nothing sort of abnormal from a year-over-year standpoint. But I do appreciate the question.
Operator: And we take our...
Glenn Richter: We can go to the next one.
Operator: Okay. We'll take the final question from Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America.
Matthew DeYoe: If I were to look at the top line kind of just on a rough cut basis, what percent of your sales or businesses fall into the invest category versus maximize versus optimized?
Franklin Clyburn: And thanks for that question. And that's something that at this time, we're not prepared to share the different cuts percentage-wise. What I would share is that we do have really good opportunities in the Invest to Grow category. And as I mentioned, we'll clearly unpack that a little bit more as we get into December and Investor Day, and really share the excitement we have around the portfolio as well as the opportunities. But right now, we're not prepared to share the specific percentages, okay?
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Frank Clyburn for any closing remarks.
Franklin Clyburn: So I would like to just thank everyone for joining the call, and also thank all of our IFF colleagues once again around the world. We feel very proud of our first half business performance and results, and we know that the teams around the world continue to work with our customers to bring innovation and to help our customers to be successful in the marketplace.  And we look forward to seeing at our third quarter call as well as, once again, our Capital Markets Day on December 7, and hope everyone has a good rest of the morning. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and this does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-10 15:40:18) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call.  Participants will be announced by their name and Company. In order to give all participants an opportunity to ask their questions, we request a limit of one question per person. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's first quarter 2022 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the Company's performance particularly with regard to our outlook for the second quarter and full-year 2022. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on February 28, 2022 and in our press release, all of which are on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued yesterday. Please note that we will be using comparable results for the first quarter defined as three months of legacy IFF results, January through March and three months of legacy N&B results in both the 2021 and 2022 periods, these results also exclude the impact of divestitures and acquisitions. With me on the call today is our CEO, Frank Clyburn and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Glenn Richter. We will begin with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have. With that, I would now like to introduce Frank.
Frank Clyburn: Thank you, Mike, and hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to be speaking with you all and excited to share perspectives from my first 90 days as CEO of IFF. During today's call, I will discuss my initial thoughts since joining IFF and highlight our key operating priorities and commitments as a company for the full-year 2022. As I've spent the last 90 days meeting with IFF colleagues and key customers around the world, asking questions, listening and evaluating our business, it has become even more clear to me that IFF has built a very strong foundation with incredible opportunities ahead. Our business has built the robust diversified portfolio and driven team needed to continue leading our industry while delivering sustainable profitable growth. Simply put, I am thrilled to lead and work along such a passion team of more than 24,000 employees with a shared commitment to strengthening customer partnerships and driving differentiated innovations. Together, we will focus every day on the operational rigor and executional excellence required to deliver even greater value for our customers and shareholders. Before moving forward, I first must acknowledge the humanitarian tragedy facing the Ukrainian people since Russia's invasion began. As we have previously stated, IFF unequivocally stands with the people of Ukraine. Our top priority remains the safety of our team members and their families in Ukraine. And like many other global companies, we are working closely with local governments to offer assistance where possible. Aligned with our core values several weeks to ago, we limited production and supply of ingredients in into Russia to only those that meet the essential needs of people, including food, hygiene and medicine. Our plan at this time is to continue to supply to the best of our ability in accordance with sanctions, logistics availability and other key factors. Now I would like to begin by sharing some initial learnings and insights from my first 90 days with IFF. I will then turn the call over to Glenn, who will provide a detailed look at our first quarter 2022 financial results before providing commentary on our current outlook for the full-year 2022. After that, we will open the call for Q&A. Starting on Slide 6, I'd like to reflect on what I've seen and heard from our global colleagues, customers, investors, suppliers, and members of our Board. As I noted in my introduction, IFF is incredibly well positioned from a portfolio perspective with an exceptional depth and breadth of product offerings and an unrivaled R&D platform that uniquely positions IFF to win with our customers. Our business is poised to benefit from sustained long-term tailwinds for profitable growth as we have demonstrated leadership in the most in demand consumer categories. We are the largest player in our industry with unmatched global scale, a strong innovation pipeline and a highly diverse and balanced business mix across categories, regions and customers to create significant value. Collectively, these are attractive characteristics and a strong foundation to build upon moving forward. Equally important, however, are the clear opportunities to improve our operating practices and ensure that we are achieving our financial commitments. This is one of my top priorities going forward, as I believe that consistent and consecutive delivery of course, within our control is critical to build trust and credibility as IFF’s CEO. Specifically, we are working to cultivate a culture across our entire platform that motivates our teams and ensures accountability across the business. We are continuing to enhance our operational execution with a renewed focus on instilling greater rigor and excellence, aligning our compensation metrics to keep to KPIs that are measurable and strongly correlated to value creation. Please note that we are committed to investing in capacity, digital, R&D and commercial to capture incremental growth and productivity opportunities to ensure we deliver long-term sustainable profitable growth. With all our initiatives, we are closely focused on consistently delivering on our short and long-term financial commitments and creating enhanced value for all stakeholders. Moving to Slide 7, I'd like to provide a bit more detail on the process underpinning our efforts to accelerate value creation across IFF. Our success starts with enhancing our corporate culture to ensure that IFF efforts worldwide are aligned with our vision of strategic excellence. It starts with establishing a renewed focus on winning while outlining the benefits for our team around the world. To guide our efforts, we are developing a deeper understanding of the sources and drivers of value across the business to help prioritize our investment of energy and resources moving forward. By understanding the facts, our extended leadership team will have the ability to make better business decisions, including investment allocations, which we expect will lead to greater financial returns. With that understanding, we will have better visibility into our strategic roadmap, essentially setting our profitable growth agenda for both the near and long-term as we dedicate strategic investments from the highest value opportunities. Underpinning everything we do will be a commitment to operational rigor and a culture of executional excellence across our platform. Our results in the first quarter are beginning to reflect this commitment to operating discipline, which will remain a top priority for our leadership team going forward. We plan on going into more depth on our strategy and financial outlook moving forward at an Investor event that we are planning on having in the second half of 2022. More details to come on that in due course. Turning now to Slide 8, I would like to start with a foundational look at our portfolio. Since my joining IFF in early February, our executive management team have begun a whole diagnostic of our strategies and business model to ensure we were operating to the best of our ability. As part of this process, we have thoroughly examined our business relative to the drivers of our current and future levels of profitability. To ensure we capture the full cost of doing business, we have gone beyond traditional operating costs to account for invested capital, such as CapEx, inventory and fixed assets. Through this return on invested capital loans, we have incorporated all costs to create a more robust fact base across our entire business portfolio to make better resource decisions. Based on the preliminary assessment, here's a snapshot of our sub businesses. As you can see, we have a significant amount of high return businesses, but also like most businesses, we identified opportunities where we can improve our performance. In high performing areas of the portfolio, we will reinvest with conviction to fuel strong profitable growth. We will also explore all avenues to more efficiently manage resources in our medium return business with a goal of maximizing our performance. And in areas of our portfolio where returns are not meeting our expectations for a below best-in-class benchmarks, we intend to either optimize our capital decisions to improve returns or evaluate appropriate opportunities to de-prioritize or exit the business. As we move forward, we are fully committed to maximizing our portfolio to deliver the most attractive returns in value creation opportunities. In fact, for 2022, we have adjusted our long-term incentive plan, replacing our net debt ratio with return on invested capital as a performance metrics to increase focus on capital efficiency. Now, before I dive into our first quarter results, I want to reemphasize that I am committed to the four key operating priorities we outlined earlier this year. Building upon the strong sales momentum, we established in 2021, we are first aiming to maintain volume growth consistent with overall industry growth rates. To achieve this, we are making significant investments to increase capacity, improving supply chain bottlenecks and driving greater revenue synergy opportunities. On revenue synergy, specifically, it is all about expanded revenue growth opportunities, and we feel good about the longer term prospects and the power of the portfolio. To highlight an example, we recently were awarded access in vanilla, a large opportunity with the global customer by leveraging heritage N&B's global technical know-how in ice cream, in heritage IFF's Vanilla sustainability program. IFF offered a combination of technical expertise and sustainability that competitors do not have. The result was not only strong potential revenue and flavors, but also incremental value creation for total IFF, including protein, emulsifiers and LBG. I am pleased to see in my early days the traction we are making and excited to dig in with the business to unlock more growth opportunities ahead. Turning to Slide 10, I'd like to provide an overview of our solid performance for the first quarter. Despite the macroeconomic challenges of today's environment, we achieved good sales profit and growth across our business. In the first quarter, IFF delivered $3.2 billion in sales, representing 31% growth or 13% growth on a comparable currency neutral basis. While inflation in global supply chain restrictions continue to impact our profitability margin, we achieved 9% growth in our comparable currency neutral EBITDA. We also achieved strong adjusted earnings per share, excluding amortization of $1.69 for the first quarter. As I mentioned, we are evaluating and implementing specific initiatives to ensure we continue to navigate the future headwinds during the remainder of 2022 and beyond. As a result of increased working capital requirements, higher CapEx and seasonality, our free cash flow results were negatively impacted in the first quarter. Looking ahead, I can assure you this will be a significant focus area for the remainder of the year, and we expect strong improvements in the back half of the year. In terms of deleveraging the balance sheet, we remain on plan as our net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA ratio was 4.2x. We also delivered meaningful synergies and productivity gains for more than $30 million in the quarter, including operational efficiencies and deal-related synergies. As mentioned, we continue to prioritize portfolio optimization and are making strong progress on the divestiture of the microbial control business. It should be noted that the anticipated closing of our microbial control business is now expected to happen on July 1 versus June 1, previously to provide more time to complete the separation work streams and minimize disruptions and risk to the microbial control business upon close. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Glenn to provide a closer look into our first quarter financials.
Glenn Richter: Thank you, Frank. Good morning, and good afternoon to everyone. Let's start on Slide 11 with sales performance of each of IFF's core businesses. Together, Nourish, Health & Biosciences, Scent and Pharma Solutions achieved $3.2 billion in sales revenue in Q1, representing comparable currency neutral sales growth of 13%. Of note, all our sub-businesses posted year-over-year comparable currency neutral growth in the first quarter. Nourish delivered the most substantial growth with significant broad-based strengths in our flavors, ingredients and food design businesses. Health & Biosciences similarly achieved strong sales growth having managed headwinds in the Health business. The Scent division carried a strong momentum from last year through the first quarter with strong results in fine fragrance, consumer fragrance and ingredients. Lastly, Pharma Solutions also achieved currency neutral sales growth driven by the division's continued strength in its industrial business and resume demand for pharma. In terms of sales growth contribution, pricing increased approximately 8% and volume grew approximately 5%. Turning to Slide 12, let's walk through our profitability in the quarter. First quarter adjusted operating EBITDA totaled $702 million, representing 9% comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA growth versus the first quarter of 2021. Our adjusted EBITDA margin in the first quarter was 21.8% and on an inflation adjusted basis, would have been approximately 175 basis points higher or approximately 23.5%. Margin did come in better than we expected in the first quarter through the stronger than anticipated volume growth, better cost management as well as the fact that a significant amount of our higher inflationary cost remains in inventories and did not impact the P&L to the degree originally anticipated. However, this is largely timing-related and will change as we progress throughout the year. Including our results is a charge of approximately $20 million related to expected credit loss on receivables from customers located in Russia and Ukraine. While the macroeconomic environment remains incredibly dynamic with continuing inflationary pressures at the moment, we are pleased with the actions taken by our teams to manage through these challenges. We took a very proactive approach and quickly instituted broad-based pricing actions across our portfolio in response to these pressures. Consequently, the actions we have taken have resulted in a full dollar cost recovery of total inflation costs in the first quarter. Unfortunately, since our February earnings call, we have seen additional increases in raw material, logistics and energy costs and are diligently working with our customers on incremental pricing actions. One important note to call out is that we are seeing the strong cost increases flowing to inventory, which due to our inventory days means that the higher cost will eventually impact the P&L as we progress through the balance of the year. Now on Slide 13, I would like to highlight the underlying dynamics and first quarter performance of each of our business segments. In the first quarter, Nourish's strong comparable currency neutral sales growth of 16% was led by double-digit growth in food designs and ingredients. The segment's comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA growth was also strong at 14%, primarily driven by the division's pricing actions, volume growth and productivity gains. In Health & Biosciences, double-digit growth in health, microbial control and grain processing and high single-digit growth in animal nutrition and cultures in food enzymes show comparable currency neutral sales growth of 10% for the first quarter. Similar to Nourish, the segment's comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA growth of 8% was led by pricing, volume growth and productivity that helped offset mixed challenges. In Scent, fine fragrance continued the strong rebound with double-digit growth and cosmetic active and fragrance ingredients continue to perform above expectations. As for consumer fragrance, the business experienced modest growth in the first quarter. Overall percent on 6% comparable currency neutral sales growth, comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA declined 2% as inflationary pressures outpaced pricing for the quarter. As a reminder, in Scent, there is a delay in pricing recovery about 18 months before you fully recover inflation via price increases. Finally, in Pharma Solutions, we saw double-digit growth in both pharma and industrial to deliver 10% comparable currency neutral sales growth for the quarter. Volume growth and productivity gains help drive 10% comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA. Now on Slide 14, I would like to address our cash flow and leverage positions. In the first quarter, increased working capital requirements in part due to seasonality and in part due to increased values of inventory and accounts receivable driven by inflation as well as higher capital expenditures negatively impacted our cash flow results for the quarter. In the first quarter, CapEx totaled $132 million, representing approximately 4.1% sales. As a reminder, we anticipate our 2022 CapEx to be approximately 5% of sales due to 2021 CapEx carryover and increased investments in capacity expansion and key technologies, which will help support growth while also lowering logistics costs. From a leverage perspective, we are on plan and are continuing to make progress toward achieving our deleveraging target. Q1 ended net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA ratio was 4.2x. Gross debt for the quarter totaled $11.7 billion and we finished the first quarter with cash and cash equivalence of $662 million. Despite the global financial pressures, we remain on track to keep our deleveraging target of 3x or lower by year three post-close, which will be supported by our food preparation divesture, sale of our microbial control business and other non-core business divestitures. Slide 15 provides our revised business outlook for 2022. We are adjusting our expected full-year 2022 revenue up to $12.6 billion to $13 billion from $12.3 billion to $12.7 billion. This reflects the effects of additional anticipated pricing actions not incorporated in our original guidance, primarily due to the additional inflationary pressures. This revision also reflects the expected completion of our microbial controls divestiture on July 1, one month later than originally planned, and the acquisition of Health Wright Products completed in April. In addition, our outlook takes into account a weaker euro to dollar currency outlook for the balance of the year. We continue to expect adjusted operating EBITDA in the range of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion as we continue to target full cost recovery of additional inflationary pressures via price increases. On a comparable currency neutral basis, this translates into sales growth of approximately 9% to 12% versus 6% to 9% previously for the full-year and comparable currency neutral adjusted operating EBITDA growth of approximately 4% to 8%, which is unchanged. It should be noted that while we have increased our sales expectations for the full-year due to incremental pricing, we have reduced our volume expectations given a more challenging environment, including loss revenues as a result of the Russia-Ukraine war, continued global supply chain issues and anticipated softer consumer demand as a result of higher energy prices and general inflation negatively impacting consumer spending. One data point is that in early Q2, we have already seen volume soften and for the full-year, we are now targeting low single-digit volume growth and high single-digit pricing contributions. Also, based on current market foreign exchange rates, we expect that foreign exchange will negatively impact sales in 2022 by approximately 4 percentage points versus 2 percentage points previously and adjusted operating EBITDA grew by approximately 5 percentage points versus 4% previously. These changes now reflect current market exchange rates, particularly the euro, where we are assuming that it remains at 106 to the dollar for the balance of the year or a blended full-year rate of approximately 108 to the dollar. We are also confirming our 2022 CapEx spend will be approximately 5% of sales. In terms of the second quarter, we continue to believe that sales growth will be driven by price increases with volumes contributing much less they did in the first quarter. From an adjusted EBITDA perspective, we expect to be in the range of $640 million to $650 million pressured by unfavorable impacts of currency as well as higher inflationary costs flowing from inventories to the income statement. As I wrap up, I want to revisit the four key areas of focus we touched upon in February to update you on our progress. As a reminder, our four key priorities for 2022 are maintaining strong sales momentum, executing broad-based pricing actions, capturing synergy and productivity and accelerating our non-core business divestitures. Overall, we feel good about our progress across all four areas in Q1 and are confidence in our ability to deliver on these commitments this year. In terms of supporting strong sales momentum, we are increasing our capacity across constrained portions of our portfolio, enhancing our supply chain efficiencies most notably in our H&B, Pharma Solutions and Ingredients business, to ensure that we maintain our volume growth in line with or above the industry. Relative to executing broad-based pricing actions in an effort to react more quickly to today's evolving environment and better prepared for tomorrow's challenges, we have significantly enhanced our processes, implemented new pricing tools and established core pricing teams to oversee each of our business units. Our focus has been centered around minimizing the amount of time lost between inflation signals and customer pricing actions to ensure that we quickly adjust  to protect profitability. With these changes, we successfully implemented our first round of pricing actions and recover the total cost of inflation in Q1 2022. Given additional known inflationary pressures and a lot of uncertainty regarding the future path of inflation, this remains our highest priority. Accelerating our productivity expense synergy efforts also remains a key priority and increasingly important in a more challenging macroeconomic environment. To this end, we are able to deliver over $30 million of operational efficiencies and deal-related synergies in the first quarter above our expectations. As a result, we expect to exceed our original $100 million full-year cost reduction target, which is net of reinvestments. This higher level of productivity is helping offset lower full-year volume expectations. As we look to accelerate our long-term productivity opportunities, we have sharpened our focus on three large areas of productivity, procurement efficiencies, notably in indirect spend; end-to-end operations efficiencies, inclusive of digital enablement, yield and mix enhancements and logistics efficiencies and expanding the scale and efficiency of IFF’s global shared service platform. Importantly, we will remain prudent in protecting key topline investments, including R&D, customer sales and service and technology. We plan on providing more details of these initiatives at our Q2 earnings call. Finally, we made further headway in accelerating our non-core divestitures. We are on track to successfully complete the sale of our Microbial Control business by July 1. We are also targeting additional portfolio optimization in non-core business divestiture opportunities to delever our balance sheet and invest greater resources toward our higher return businesses. We are making very good progress in early non-core business marketing efforts and have already received strong interest from prospective buyers. Should these transactions go through? We anticipate that they will in aggregate be accretive to our go forward growth rate and margin profile. With that, I'd like to pass the call back to Frank.
Frank Clyburn: Thanks, Glenn. Turning now to Slide 16. As I look back on the last three months, I am proud of the work underway to ensure that IFF’s next chapter is as brightest yet. Our solid results, including consistent volume growth across our portfolio reflects IFF’s critical role in the consumer goods value chain, particularly amid such a challenging operating environment. While market volatility will inevitably continue to impact our industry, we will closely monitor developments, strengthen our financial discipline and fortify our portfolio to address ongoing pressures. With the strong foundation we established in the first quarter, I remain confident in our ability to achieve our full-year 2022 financial targets, improve value creation and further cement our key operating priorities. Having begun the process of our strategic refresh, I look forward to sharing additional updates on IFF’s long-term strategic vision at an Investor Day in the second half of 2022. I know many of you have questions as it relates to my perspective on IFF’s long-term financial targets. Given we are going through a robust review of our value creation opportunity via our strategy refresh, I ask that you give us time to appropriately assess our long-term financial objectives. I want to thank you very much for all of your support, and I know that the best is yet to come for IFF. With that, I would like to now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you.  And we'll take our first question from Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Gunther Zechmann: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Gunther Zechmann from Bernstein. The 3 percentage point increase in organic sales growth, Frank, to 9% to 12%, that's almost unprecedented, pretty brave move. Given your tenure as a company, in what businesses do you expect to see the biggest price increases? And in what businesses do you include demand reduction as part of your guidance? And then I've got a question 1b as well, but I'll pause there.
Frank Clyburn: Sure. Gunther, I’ll let Glenn maybe to give some specific color on the different business segments.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Hey, Gunther. Let me first sort of – by the way, good afternoon to you. I want to unpack the $300 million. So you know sort of the nature of that, and then we’ll talk about sort of where it sits. So the $300 million change is a function of several items. First of all, we have some portfolio adjustments, so the acquisition of Health Wright and then one additional month of Microbial Controls, the value that's about $130 million of incremental revenue. That's completely offset with our foreign exchange update, i.e., the stronger euro or the stronger dollar relative to euro rather, basically offsets that completely from a revenue standpoint. The residual is we have incremental pricing of around $370 million, and that's all related to raw material increases, which I'll come back to. And as we mentioned on the call, we're actually bringing down volume balance of the year. For a full-year, down about a $100 million from our original plan, so a little over a half a point full-year. We actually were better in the first quarter by a point. So we're taking down the balance of the year down by a $100 million. Where we're seeing basically the impact of the price/volume, it pretty much mirrors where the cost increases are occurring. So we've had more material cost inflation in our Nourish business and other businesses. So that's why you see the higher growth rates in that business. But we are continuing to see the impact on all the businesses. So nobody sort of is exempt from the second round of this $300 million in terms of kind of overall pressure, but a bit more in Nourish than the other business because of the raw material impact.
Gunther Zechmann: Great. And thanks, Glenn. And then 1b) can you provide an update where you see cost inflation for IFF this year? And as far as you can for next year, I know you don't guide for 2023 yet, but if you can share how much earnings you expect to recover next year from costs that you incurred last or this year, please?
Glenn Richter: Yes. It is a great question Gunther, and also something that we're working on now where we don't really have a stats in part because there's two tough parts of the equation. One is to understand the overlap of the latest round of raw materials into next year. So there's a carry forward, but then equally are basically the pricing dynamics. So as mentioned, we're having to go back in the market because incremental pricing. So there'll be a full-year effect of that as well. I would also remind the group that last year we were still in the whole i.e. the inflation exceeded pricing in 2021 by $200 million. So we're still planned to basically go after a full capture, unfortunately, with the latest addition of inflation, it's just going to take a little bit longer into 2023 to sort of get us back to whole.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. And Frank, welcome to the industry. Congrats on your new role. I guess, my question was more so on Slide 6, where you have the opportunity section, and the third one in terms of reinvesting in capacity and R&D and so on. Can you just expand on that? And if you could just sort of assess the technological capabilities within the company? The way you see it at this point, I know it's very early in your tenure at IFF. Thank you.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Ghansham, hi. It's Frank, and thanks for the welcome, and also for the question. A couple things I want to highlight is – and you look at that slide, I do want to start with the fact that, I am very still encouraged by the opportunity that we have in IFF. The industry trends look very strong overall in the long-term around sustainability, health and wellness and naturals. Also, IFF with this highly diversified business mix across categories, regions, and customers, I think positions us very well. When you look at that slide and we talk about the opportunities, I think a couple of things I would highlight there is one is we are focused on really doing everything around our culture of executional excellence, that's going to be really important for us through our talent, instilling accountability and also our strong link to incentives for our teams. As far as reinvesting, clearly, we are going to look at that. That's going to be a part of our strategy refresh process, and we'll be spending a lot of time on that in the second half of the year when we share our overall plans. But early view would be clearly, we need to continue to build our capabilities around digital, data analytics are going to be really important. And then also we'll invest in our commercial efforts as we see opportunities for continued profitable growth. And then we're also doing a deep dive in R&D portfolio, and we'll look at the best innovation in R&D opportunities to invest behind as well. But much more to come as we head to the second half of the year.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. Look forward to the Investor Day. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning, Frank. Thanks. Let me add my congratulations. You've been very vocal about taking pricing across a broad range of customers, and these are – it's not quite like gas prices, right? These are very sensitive industrial relationships where companies are intertwined. And you mentioned that in the script, how it takes time, but I wanted to ask specifically, when your customers do push back on pricing? What do they say? What are the common push backs you get? Or if somebody says no to pricing, what's the reason when that happens? And is that happening? Or are those kinds of things getting said now more often than January, as you know, some companies, maybe some of your customers are under a little bit more stress now than they were in January? Thanks.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Jonathan, thanks for the question. I'll start and I'll let Glenn to add on as well. One, I think the teams have done a really good job starting off this year and working with customers to try to recoup the significant inflationary pressures we're seeing in the business. So we have, I think a strong value proposition. We have strong commercial teams that are working very closely with their customers to really understand the importance of us recouping our inflation, what we're seeing from an inflationary perspective. So I do feel we're off to a very good start. There are push backs. I think some of the push backs are in some of the smaller customers, some of our emerging market customers where price is much more sensitive. We are seeing pushback there. But all in all we feel as though, we are in a good place and will continue to work closely with our customers to navigate, which is, as we all know, unprecedented times. Glenn, anything you'd add?
Glenn Richter: Yes. Hey. Thanks Jonathan for the question. I'd say, first of all, obviously we're not unique is every industry is experiencing substantial increases in inflation, and all of our competitors are out there basically taking prices up as well. And as you're well aware, as it relates to our value add from our customers supply chain, we tend to be a relatively sort of low cost high value add relative to their overall value change. And I would say, simply put, with 60% of our cost structure related to raw materials, energy and logistics, it's sort of impossible for us to absorb. Those level increases. And rather as our customers well appreciate, we are in business who really provide them superior solutions, which requires significant investment in innovation, customer service capabilities, building and maintaining a very robust global supply chain. I would remind everybody, we're adding $200 million at CapEx this year alone to build out. So that's the value we add to our customer. And as a result of that, we can't sort of, if you will speculate on material costs and our customers appreciate that. Frankly, where we sit relative to our value add, they completely appreciate what we're doing for them. And that's been reflected in the success of pricing. I will note though, there are some sectors, as we mentioned, Scent as an example, that there's a lag. So it's not every single customer is out front here in terms of the pricing, but in general, the level of productive dialogue has been very, very good with our customers.
Jonathan Feeney: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mark Astrachan: Yes. Thanks, and good morning, everyone. I guess, maybe to start, Glenn, what are you assuming for volumes throughout the rest of the year? Guidance would suggest flattish, I guess, 2Q through 4Q, you alluded to April trend softening, were they positive? Curious too if you've seen competitors pricing and  is just a more IFF impact. And then Frank, I appreciate the commentary, I'm still evaluating the business. I guess the question that we get most often is the 26% EBITDA margin target most seem to think that that's just unrealistic at this point. Maybe if you could talk a bit about that, that would be helpful for folks. Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Thanks, Mark. So I'll start off with our volume outlook. 5%  for the first quarter, we're actually projecting 1% for the balance of the year. So relatively flattish. I would remind everybody, we have a very strong overlap in the last three quarters. The three quarters of last year were on average around 10% in terms of currency neutral sales of which that was around 8% volume each of the quarters is a very strong one. That's why we actually planned the second half of the year more flattish versus the first half of the year. Why we've taken it down is basically taken the balance of the year down about a $100 million in revenue, that is basically split into two components. One is the direct impact on Russia and Ukraine volumes. And the second half is really a combination of supply chain and demand issues. So supply chain would include a combination of all material access as well as China, and then generally we just feel that we're seeing early signs relative to the consumer pulling back. We really don't view this as a – not being competitive on a pricing standpoint, but frankly, just what we're seeing in the consumer and it's manifested itself literally in the last couple weeks a little bit more in the home and personal care side of the business versus sort of the food and beverage or pharma side. So we're not sure, honestly, whether that's sort of an end consumer sort of permanent pullback or adjustment in inventories, but we're just, frankly, just being cautious relative to sort of what's going on in the global economy.
Frank Clyburn: And hey, Mark. It’s Frank. Thanks for the question. And as I mentioned in some of the early remarks, we are working through our strategy refresh process and that does include our long-term plan in detail and we're looking at our current inputs into our plan. We will need some additional time to appropriately assess our long-term financial targets. And my immediate focus, our management team's focus is delivering our 2022 objectives and the financial goals that we're outlining here this morning, as which of course, there's a lot of focus on pricing as you continue to hear productivity an important levers in working with our customers to grow our absolute sales and dollar profit as we manage through the significant inflationary period. Longer term, Mark, there's no doubt in my mind, we have a lot of value creation ahead of us in the company, and I believe our business will generate sustainable profitable growth and it will yield margin expansion over time. As far as your specific question on the 26% adjusted EBITDA target, I think it's really safe to say as we look at where we are today, and you look at how the world has changed, we're not going to be able to achieve that 26% adjusted EBITDA target in 2023. With that said, as I mentioned, I do want the time to come back and share with you in the back half of the year, our plans, and also our focus on driving really strong profitable growth for the future.
Operator: We will take our next question from Heidi Vesterinen with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Heidi Vesterinen: Good morning. Just to clarify on pricing again. So you're looking to fully offset the dollar headwind from inflation for the full-year, I think you said. Can you, once again, explain how you hope to achieve this because it's normal industry practice for certain parts of your portfolio, like Scent to have a lag. So is there another segment of setting that lag for this full-year? Thank you.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Well, we actually are lagging, Heidi. As a reminder, we're $200 million behind from last year. So we're sort of catching up from last year and capturing a large – the largest percentage this year, but there's still a lag that will be going into 2023 as well.
Heidi Vesterinen: Okay. But on a full-year 2022 basis, I think you had said you're looking to fully offset, right? So you won't have a squeeze from raw materials?
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Now let me be clear. We have $200 million from last year from 2021 that we didn't capture, we began to implement. So if you look at the cumulative 2021, which is really the second half of 2021 in all this year, we're still $200 million behind.
Heidi Vesterinen: Okay. And then the idea is to pass that on as we go into next year. Okay. Thank you.
Frank Clyburn: Thank you, Heidi.
Operator: We will go next to John Roberts with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Roberts: Thanks. Welcome, Frank. Just one question. You've got one of the largest R&D budgets in the industry and the major drug hands are known for best in class R&D management here. But we don't get an innovation or vitality index. We don't get any stage-gate processing reported hard to know how productive R&D is or what the right level of spend is here. If you had a chance to kind of go through the processes within R&D and the Center of Excellence – and so forth, do you think there are changes that need to be made there?
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Thanks John, for the question. I'll just sum it up in a couple of quick points and based on my experience, one, I have been very encouraged by some of the recent visits I've taken to our R&D centers. I just got back from Palo Alto, California, and really good innovation taking place. Some of the work we're doing in with regards to our enzymes, with regards to some of our Scent and sustainable delivery systems, flavor technology. So I'm encouraged early on of what I'm seeing. I think what I would highlight is from an R&D perspective, there's three things that come to mind. One is making sure you have the best talent, and that's a major focus for us in allowing our scientists to innovate. Number two is we have a process and model where you have very close connection with your commercial teams. So your arm in arm, your scientists and your commercial teams are really working on innovations that are going to be meaningful from a customer and consumer perspective. And that's a major focus that we're putting in place. And then number three is doing it in an efficient way and putting our capital against the biggest R&D opportunities. So early on, encouraging, this is going to be a focus for us, and this also will be a part of our second half Investor Day where we'll come back and share more about some of the exciting projects we're working on in our pipeline.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matthew DeYoe: Good morning, everyone. Frank, one of the criticisms we often here about IFF is the senior management churn has been pretty elevated following the N&B acquisition and that perhaps the broader leadership team is relatively inexperienced. How do you plan to address this as the new CEO when you think about the team that's around you?
Frank Clyburn: So Matt, that's an important question. And what I would say is that we have to do everything that we can as a management team to really build, as I've been saying, the right culture, the right focus for the organization. As I highlighted in my prepared remarks, we have a tremendous opportunity in front of us with IFF, but we do need to deliver and we do need to focus on executional excellence. Yes, there has been some change in the management ranks. That is something that obviously we all take seriously, but our focus right now is with the team that we have in place is really to be laser focused on delivering and working on behalf of our customers to create value in the marketplace. So that's really the focus and I am excited about the passion and the energy I see from so many IFFer’s around the world, I've had a chance to engage with a lot of them. And I think we're really in a good place as long as we can focus on the – through four priorities that Glenn mentioned earlier. I do feel good about our opportunity as we work through 2022 and then as we start to build the company for the future.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Michael Sison: Hey, good morning. Welcome Frank. I guess, your background has a lot of integration. And so I'm kind of thinking when you think about the DuPont acquisition, N&B and putting the company together, it does seem like the initial outlook for 2023 or the sort of initial goals are going to – a little bit off. So when you think about how we should measure, if this will be inevitably a successful deal together, what do you think we need to look for? And I know a lot of this will probably come in your Analyst Day, second half. I'm certain, you're looking at Cleveland as a possible site, and I’m joking. But what should we think about as the metric or couple of metrics that. And at the end of the day would suggest this has been a really good deal over time.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Mike, and I think you recognized as where we started, we also are in some unprecedented times from inflationary perspective. And also what's happening with regards to China and COVID lockdowns, and what's happening with the war and impossible recessionary pressure. So clearly, the world is changing significantly. Mike, the way I would say, is that we will spend time, like you said, in the second part of this year, but really look at our focus. And I keep using this phrase about driving sustainable, profitable growth. We want to have a company that's growing top-tier within our peer set. And from a topline perspective, good strong leverage throughout the company, a relentless focus on constant improving of productivity and making sure we're doing everything that we can to deliver for our customers and our shareholders. So I think that will be some of the metrics and we'll come back obviously, as we get to the second half and give you specific metrics, but that's how I would have you think about it. Glenn, I don't know if you want to add…
Glenn Richter: Hey, Mike. I would just add. By the way, I lived in Cleveland, I'm not sure I'm allowed to come back though. But really at the end of the day, we are trying to deliver a superior outcome for our shareholders. And the way to do that as Frank had mentioned is to make sure we outpace the topline versus the industry. So having superior topline growth and secondarily superior return on invested capital, the way we view doing that is actually driving significant productivity, which we believe there is, and allowing that to basically reinvest back and help accelerate the topline and to continue to actually drive some of that to the bottom line while we're optimizing our portfolio. So to Frank's point, that will be sort of the major agenda when we get together later in the year, maybe in Cleveland.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. And Mike, just one last one, and I did mention that ROIC is now a part of our metrics as a team. So that's something that we've incorporated.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Lisa De Neve with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Lisa De Neve: Hi. Good afternoon and thank you for taking my questions. I have two. First one is, can you talk a little bit on how the growth has been evolving in the first quarter through the different regions and how you expect volume growth to develop over the coming quarters or through the year? So the plus and minuses would be very helpful. And secondly, can you share a little bit what you're seeing in your innovation pipeline, in what segments are you seeing stronger levels of innovation. And also, do you see sort of any levels of reformulation activity? Thank you.
Glenn Richter: Good morning, Lisa. So relative to the first quarter and balance of the year relative to region, our strongest areas have been the developed markets. So combination of Europe and North America, laggards has really been actually Greater Asia has slower growth in the first quarter. We expect, as we look at the balance of the year, we need to have a little bit challenges in Greater Asia, particularly China, as we mentioned, likely also to see a slowdown – meaningful slowdown in Europe, given the – what's happening from the economy standpoint, but are still sort of fairly optimistic on combination of North America and LATAM as well.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. And just real quickly, we're doing a lot of R&D work in Health and Biosciences area with regards to our enzymes and focusing on probiotics and also, laundry dish programs with global key accounts. We have work in some of our plant-based protein and dairy alternatives, couple of other quick ones to highlight in the scent area, some of the renewable and biodegradable fragrance ingredients were also really focusing, in nourish around a lot of our flavor technologies. And I highlighted one of the big wins that we had with vanilla recently with one of our customers. So we'll spend a lot more time here on the pipeline and portfolio, as I mentioned, coming up in the second half of the year.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning, and Frank, congratulations as well on the new role. Frank, building off your early view of the company, do you think IFF does a good job capturing the full value of this products with the customers? And secondarily, what do you think the IFF does better than competitors and where do you think it is lacking versus competitors? Thank you.
Frank Clyburn: Yes. Very good questions. I think when you say, what do we do better, then I'll start there. I do think our global scale, the diversity of our and breadth of our portfolio and how we engage with our customers. I think we are leading in many categories and in many areas, and that's something that we will continue to leverage. And it also allows for us to work quickly with customers to co-create solutions with them. So that to me is a big strength of ours. What does some of the competitors do? There are competitors that are focused in certain areas that I do think have done a nice job from a pricing perspective or have in certain categories a little bit better margin construct than we do. And that's really why we're staring into our portfolio to make sure that we put our resources against the best opportunities and where we see those opportunities we're going to invest and then where we see opportunities to improve, we'll focus there. And then in some areas we will pull back investment or possibly even divest if we need to. So those are going to be some things that we're going to be looking at to make sure that we continue to build the strength around our portfolio, but those were some initial thoughts on how I think we are lining up with our customers and then how we compare to some of our competitors.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I was curious that you touched earlier on pricing and how quickly you move during the first quarter? And Glenn, in your comments, you more or less referred to the press release that IFF put out discussing its kind of new approach to pricing. I mean, from where I said it feels like that's the first moment of the company now with this much greater scale, really taking on the role of industry leader. And I was curious what, if anything, you've seen in the competitive landscape, how others are now approaching pricing, if the industry as a whole is moving faster. I know it's been a short period of time, but it's an interesting question in the sense of IFF role again as industry leader? Thanks to this newfound scale. Thanks.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Thanks for the question. We actually, as you recall, in the fourth quarter, signaled pretty quickly given we saw this large tsunami of inflation and went out very quickly, in the fourth quarter of the first round that press release was really in advance of the second round. And all our competitors are seeing exactly the same, inflationary pressures as well. So I think, that was intended really to help our teams relative to the customer dialogue, sort of understand the dynamics and the impact on the business. Hence the purpose of the press releases, I did mention all our competitors as you're well aware are basically in the market doing the same thing and are passing along prices and time as well. We just moved fast even we saw in the fourth quarter. And as I mentioned on the call, we really also invested in, I'll say in infrastructure around the organization to make sure we're more closely monitoring what's happening in the market and just moving much, much, much quicker because I think we are concerned that this – even the second round may be the second of others. So we just want to be prepared to do that. And that answer was the purpose of that, that press release.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Originally, when you bought the DuPont business, the idea was to take out $300 million in costs and to spend about $335 million to do it. And to date, I think IFF has spent $32 million, so it seems that the original cost reduction program is moving more slowly. Is that fair? That is why aren't the charge is larger? And secondly, on Slide 8, where you lay out your return on invested capital distribution. It looks like about a third of the company has unsatisfactory returns. What conclusion do you draw from that? Does that mean that you really need to overhaul the structure of the company dramatically or do you draw a different conclusion from that?
Glenn Richter: Yes. Let me – maybe I'll take the second one and come back to the first one. Your conclusion is correct in terms of the third – hardly one third of our business from a capital utilization standpoint needs to improve. And there are two major levers. So not surprisingly as it relates to some of our non-core divestiture work by the fall within that basket, if you will. So continue to optimize the portfolio as one lever. The second is really thinking about ultimately a combination of capital investment in those businesses and in addition, how we think about optimizing the profitability. So as part of the Frank's comments about the refresh strategy, we are thinking about the portfolio in that way. And by the way, that's also in the spirit of taking some of those dollars and moving them up to the far left of that chart and accelerating the growth dynamics of the higher return segments as well. Relative to our cost savings, as a reminder, we get roughly $300 million targeted for synergies, about half of those were procurement. So it's not surprising that you would have little to no integration-related expenses for those. Those pieces honestly are, as we've mentioned in the past, we are the farthest behind simply because of this environment. It's harder to materialize. The other half of the 150, we're sort of midway through in terms of capture. To your broader point about how we think about restructuring opportunities, we've moved beyond a discussion of just synergies, deal-related synergies was too narrow and we really are focusing more broadly on productivity. As I mentioned, there are three large buckets operations, procurement and then shared services. The first two of those are likely to have relatively low one-time costs because they're really optimizing operations, digital throughput, some fixed cost reduction, indirect material purchases. The latter being shared service probably will have some one-time restructuring charges as we build out our current infrastructure and continue to add capabilities into that network.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Josh Spector with UBS. Please go ahead.
Joshua Spector: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I guess just a couple follow-ups on the price rise dynamics. So just curious now what's your length of visibility on the raw material front? So how far ahead are you seeing today? And as you look at your pricing guide for the year, I guess, are you pricing your second round increase is that to capture the visibility that you see now? Or are you pricing ahead of that and does your guide imply a low double-digit price exit rate for the year at this point? Thanks.
Glenn Richter: Yes. Generally, we're looking out to the third or fourth quarter for the raw materials. Energy is more problematic as well as logistics that tends to sort of – it's really kind of here and now if you will, in terms of kind of what's happening in the marketplace, we've done best estimates based on sort of where the markets are trading relative to energy as well as logistics costs. But generally the raw materials are sort of about six months out. But some of them have been – a lot of them have been locked in, some of them not. So we are continuing – by the way, we're continuing to monitor every single week. We sort of have an update on how we're feeling about the market in general over the last sort of month, six weeks, there's been some ebbing and flowing so slightly higher in energy, some relief in raw materials, but it hasn't materially been different than that 350-ish number that I provided you to earlier. So relative to sort of the carryover for next year, we still have to sort of work that through. As I mentioned, it's a combination of, what the tail of this year's annualized raw materials and then very importantly, we got to figure out as well as the tail of the pricing actions in the next year as well?
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Christopher Parkinson with Mizuho. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Christopher Parkinson: Great. Thank you. Frank, now that you've had just a couple weeks to evaluate the portfolio, you just name kind of the two to three sub businesses that you're the most excited about. I mean, in your remarks, you've mentioned, probiotics and proteins, just coming from your background, what's getting you the most excited on a go-forward basis? Thank you.
Frank Clyburn: Sure. I'll be quick because I know, we've got a couple more that we’re waiting on as well, but just to give you an example, enzymes, I think are areas that I'm excited about. And we're going to deploy resources to drive growth and really mix improvement there over time. There's also, I think some really solid areas such as fabric care, we think there's opportunities to improve our cash flow there. And then, we will continue to look at some of the underperforming areas as well. And I think this is something and Glenn highlighted on our four priorities, which is why we have made the decision to exit for instance, our Microbial Control business and we've announced that divestitures. So those are some examples and like I said, we'll spend much more time opening up and sharing a lot more as we get to the back half of the year.
Operator: And we will go next to Andrew Keches with Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Keches: Yes. Hi, good morning. Glenn, perhaps a question for you. If you take a step back and look at the balance sheet where a little more than a year into the N&B transaction and leverages essentially where it was at closing. And I think I heard you said you're dropping the balance sheet metric from executive compensation. So I guess I just want to understand your confidence and the ability to hit that 3.0x mark by the beginning of 2024, how critical are these divestitures that you're talking about? And is it right to think that maybe the scope for divestitures can expand particularly as we lap that two year IRS anniversary for N&B?
Glenn Richter: Yes. So just a clarification, the reason we dropped the balance sheet metric is because we launched the new three-year plan. So to some extent, this is the window beyond sort of our deleverage. So I am very, very confident that we will hit three less. We will be closing on the Microbial Controls business at the end of this quarter, that's going to be net proceeds of $1.1 billion. As I mentioned in the past, we have three to four additional deals that will cumulatively add $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion of gross. They're proceeding nicely, by the way, despite the sort of volatility in the market, they are attractive property strategically. That alone will basically get us to the goal independent of cash flow. To the last point of your question, we're going to continue obviously to take a look at the portfolio, that's part of the strategy refresh, which will probably afford additional opportunities to continue to approving the portfolio, but nothing to announce at this point and nor do we need that to accomplish that goal. So thanks for the question.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Frank Clyburn for any closing remarks.
Frank Clyburn: So thank you to all for joining our call. I really appreciate your interests and the time we spent this morning discussing our first quarter results. And hopefully you could hear from myself, Glenn and on behalf of all of IFF, we're really encouraged and excited about the future. And we look forward to sharing more about our plans as we head to the second half of this year and also want to reiterate just how focused we are on a company, making sure we're executing and working with our customers to deliver important solutions for consumers around the world. So thank you and we look forward to speaking to you soon.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 14:55:06) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. . Participants will be announced by their name and Company. In order to give all participants an opportunity to ask their questions, we request a limit of one question per person. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's fourth quarter and full year 2021 conference call. Yesterday, we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter financial results and full year 2021 financial results and outlook for 2022. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. I ask that you take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the Company's performance and outlook based on the current state of the business. These statements contain elements of uncertainty, which we've laid out on Slide two of the cautionary statement. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors stated in our press release. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is available on our website. Please also note that we will be using combined historical results for the fourth quarter defined as three months of legacy IFF results, and three months N&B results and for the full year defined as 12 months of legacy IFF January to December and 12 months of N&B February to December in both the 2020 and 2021 periods to allow comparability in light of emerge of completion of February 01, 2021. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Glenn Richter. We will begin today's call with our prepared remarks and then take any questions you have at the end. I would now like to turn the call over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike and welcome everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Before we dive into our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2021, I think it's important to acknowledge that this has been a transformational year for IFF. We continue to make tremendous progress amid the global -- the complex global operating environment. With a world-class team and an unmatched portfolio, IFF has become a global leader in high value ingredients and solutions for the global food, beverage, home and personal care and health and wellness markets. IFF is a significantly larger, stronger and more diversified organization than when we begun our transformation several years ago. The enhanced scale gained through our combination with N&B makes us an even more powerful innovator and trusted partner to our customers. On a personal level, I must also reflect on what has been a tremendous and highly satisfying journey leading IFF. Together, we have taken a number of strategic actions that have transformed IFF into the category defining leader it is to day, and I'm also incredibly optimistic about IFF's future. The company's leadership team going forward has the right expertise to lead IFF's next chapter of growth and excellence in execution. I and the entire IFF team are pleased that Frank Clyburn will join IFF as our Chief Executive Officer effective, February 14. Frank brings extensive experience leading complex global businesses and overseeing large scale integrations. He is approved operate and will enhance the team's focus on execution to benefit our customers, teams and shareholders. It has been a privilege to lead such a talented global team and I know that was a recent appointment of both Frank and then IFF will be in good hands. We also recently announced the appointment of Barry Bruno to IFF's Board of Directors as an Independent Director. Barry is a welcome addition to our board as he has significant experience leading innovative consumer brands that will benefit all of IFF stakeholders as a company executes its strategic and operating priorities. Barry joins a board eight of which are new to the IFF board within the past year when Frank begins next week. That consists of proven executive with deep experience leading global organizations overseeing transformative merger integrations and executing business strategies across a diverse set of industries. On today's call, I will begin with providing an overview of IFF's full year 2021 performance and discussing the progress we have made so far on our integration. I will then turn the call over to Glenn who will provide a detailed look at our fourth quarter financial results. Before we conclude today's call with a question and answer session, then we'll also speak to our outlook for 2022. I'd like to begin on Slide six by reflecting on our strong performance for the full year 2021. IFF's financial results in 2021 reflect the strengths and durability of our extended portfolio and the exceptional dedication of our teams. Within the challenges of today's global operating environment, we delivered strong sales growth across our business divisions, including meaningful recoveries in the segments most affected by the pandemic. For the four year 2021, IFF delivered $11.7 billion in sales representing 10% growth or 8% on a currency basis consisting of very strong volume growth and modest pricing contributions. Like so many companies now persistent inflation and global supply chain challenges pressured our profitability margin. Yet, we achieve 3% growth in our combined adjusted operating EBITDA. Glenn will cover these topics in greater depths, but I want to note here that we are taking significant actions to best position the business amid evolving macroeconomic environment, including significant pricing actions. IFF continues to operate with a very strong financial foundation having delivered $1.04 billion in free cash flow or approximately 9% of our driven by robust cash generation. Given our strong financial position, we continue to make significant progress towards meeting our de leveraging target, having already reduced net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA to 4.1 times. We also delivered meaningful synergies in connection with our integration initiatives. Importantly, we have all performed our cost synergy targets for year one, post close of the N&B merger and our ongoing focus in execution positions as well to further drive synergy realization and productivity improvements. In 2021, we also made significant strides to optimize our portfolio, including the successful divestiture of food preparations business, and the announced sale of our microbial control business, which we expect will be completed in the second quarter of 2022. Once our microbial control sale is complete, the combination of all of these two transactions will generate approximately $1.4 billion in gross proceeds. Growing IFF to more rapidly de-lever the balance sheet as we continue to progress with our integration objectives, Frank and team will explore additional opportunities to optimize our portfolio driving greater focus on the core parts of the business and enhancing shareholder values through rapid eLeveraging. For IFF, 2021 was filled with exciting achievements and meaningful change that continue to propel us forward and solidify the importance of our business within the global supply chain. Our business is delivering strong growth as an indispensable partner to our customers and while we are operating in a challenging environment, our leadership team is taking the right action to position our business for the future. We are delivering on our commitment to boldly reinvent, deliver consistent execution and transform our ability to reach and partner with more customers around the world. 2021 was a foundational year and one that I have no doubt that the company will build on as it accelerates into the future. Now turning to Slide seven, I would like to walk through the regional sales dynamics underpinning our results for the of full year 2021. I'm pleased to share that we saw strong growth in all four of our key operating regions. In North America, we achieved 8% growth across nearly all segments led by high single digit growth in health and biosciences. In Asia, sales increased by 9% led by continued double digit in India and China, Nourish, Scent and Pharma Solutions all perform particularly well in Asia with strong growth and momentum throughout 2021. IFF achieved 11% growth in Latin America region with double-digit growth across nearly all countries. Our Nourish division delivered strong double digit growth with health and bioscience and Scent businesses growing in the high single digits. Our EMEA also delivered strong sales results with 9% sales growth driven by the double-digit growth in fine fragrance business. EMEA was also bolted by strengths in our Nourish business. We saw significant growth led by food service. Moving now to Slide eight, I would like to discuss our sales performance across IFF business segments that contributed to our overall storm growth for the year. For the full year, Nourish achieve currency neutral sales growth of 9% was broad based strengths in our flavors, ingredients and food design businesses. Health and Biosciences delivered 6% currency neutral growth in 2021, primarily driven by strong performance and home and personal care, animal attrition and culture and food enzymes. Scent also delivered strong 8% currency neutral growth led by fine fragrance, consumer fragrance and ingredients. Pharma solution achieved 2% currency neutral growth driven by demand in our industrial business, while we continue to see headwinds related to ongoing limited material availability and logistical constraints. Now on to Slide nine, I would like to focus on the underlying dynamics driving segment perform. For Nourish, consistent strong performance included double digit growth in ingredients while our margins were impacted by our costs of raw materials, EBITDA increased 8% from strong volume growth, pricing actions and a continued focus on cost management. In Health and Bioscience, strong growth and home and personal care aim processing and cultures and food en enzymes were key drivers. Higher costs for raw materials and logistic remain a challenge which is adjusted operating EBITDA margin of 26.8% in the segment. Our Scent division benefited by particular, strongly rebound from last year in fine fragrances. In addition to continued solar performance and consumer fragrances and double-digital growth across cosmetic actives. Adjusted operating EBITDA grew 11% as margin expanded 30 Bps led by volume growth, favorable mix and higher productivity and finally, in pharma solutions, we saw significant customer demand and double-digit growth in the segment's industrial business. Global supply chain issues however, remained an overhang for 2021 margin performance. Moving now to Slide 10, I'm very pleased to share that our full year sales result exceeded pre-COVID levels, which is particularly encouraging for the year ahead. As previously outlined, sales goals was consistent across our business segments, reflecting the strengths and resilience of our extended portfolio and IFF's position as an essential partner for customers in critical industries around the world. It is clear that IFF continues to deliver enhanced value to our customers as a result of our merger with N&B and the work we are doing to strategically integrate our businesses and focus on execution. Simply put, we are a stronger business today and our customers recognize the unique value we bring as a trusted innovation partner. Let's move to Slide 11. I would like to reiterate our strong progress to deliver synergies and connection with the N&B combination. In 2021, we exceeded our year one target of $45 million to deliver approximately $60 million in cost savings. This includes approximately $20 million in savings in the fourth quarter. Revenue synergies also were a modest contribution to top line performance with a projected pipeline continuing to develop. Execution and operating discipline remain the top priority for our leadership team and I'm pleased to see results that reflect this commitment. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Glenn.
Glenn Richter: Thank you, Andreas and welcome everyone. Thank you again for being with us today. As Andreas highlighted, 2021 was a strong year for sales growth, including a strong fourth quarter finish. Looking more closely at our consolidated fourth quarter results, IFF generated greater than $3 billion in sales representing a 10% year over year increase on a currency mutual basis, our third consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, primarily driven by double-digit growth in our Health and Biosciences division, as well as high single digit growth across our Nourish, Scent and Pharma divisions. As with our full year results, our fourth quarter margin performance continued to face inflationary pressures, much like our entire industry, which offset positive volume growth, solid price increases, and the benefits of synergies and productivity. Early in the fourth quarter, we recognized a significant escalation in inflationary pressures and as a result, we quickly mobilized to prepare to implement significant pricing actions across all businesses to protect overall profitability. I'll discuss these actions as well as our efforts to accelerate productivity and operational excellence when I discuss our 2022 outlook. On the next several slides, I will briefly dive deeper into the fourth quarter financials of each of our core business segments. Turning to Slide 13, I'll begin with our Nourish segment, which experienced both a solid quarter and overall performance in 2021. In the fourth quarter, Nourish achieved 9% year-over-year sales growth on a currency neutral basis, driven by strong volume growth and price increases. Our Flavors business in particular realized strong growth with increased sales across all regions. Ingredients grew by strong double digits to increasing customer demand and both food design and food service also drove growth for Nourish in the fourth quarter. Adjusted operating EBITDA declined slightly due to inflationary pressures. Pressure on profitability occured despite strong volume growth, increased productivity and strategic price increases in the segment. On Slide 14, our Health and Biosciences division delivered fourth quarter year-over-year sales growth of 13% on a currency neutral basis led by double digit growth in health, microbial control, animal nutrition and grain processing. Additionally, cultures and food enzymes and home and personal care each grew at a high single digits against strong year-over-year comparisons. Our adjusted operating EBITDA increased 4% due to volume growth and higher productivity, while margins faced pressure due to inflation and higher logistics cost. Turning now to Slide 15, our Scent division continued to perform well and achieved strong growth in the fourth quarter, delivering 6% year-over-year growth or 7% growth on a currency neutral basis. This performance was supported by a continued rebound in fine fragrances, which saw double digit growth driven by new wins and increased volume. Our Consumer Fragrances category delivered single digit growth against a strong high single digit year ago comparison. The ingredients business continues to contribute to the success of the overall segment with double digit growth in fragrance ingredients. Despite solid volume growth and favorable mix in the business, scent adjusted operating EBITDA growth was affected by higher cost of raw materials, which we continue to take action to mitigate. On Slide 16, our Performance Solutions segment delivered year-over-year currency-neutral sales growth of 9% from 2020 as a result of volume strength and price increases. Both our core pharma and industrial categories contribute to our strong performance in the quarter. Performance Solutions adjusted operating EBITDA and margin was also impacted by higher raw material and energy costs. We recognize the challenges the segment is experiencing due to the current market environment in macro supply chain constraints and are optimistic that as the global situation recovers, we will recognize the full potential of Pharma Solutions. Now on Slide 17, I would like to review our cash flow position and progress in de leveraging. For the full year 2021, we delivered strong cash of over $1 billion and our on track to meet our de leveraging goals. 2021, CapEx was $393 million or approximately 3.4% of sales as we made strategic investments in the most attractive segments of our portfolio. Overall, our capital expenditures were lower than originally planned in part due to slower implementation of projects due to some vendor delays and a continued of the COVID environment. We also paid out $667 million in dividends to our shareholders in 2021. From a leverage perspective, we continued to make substantial progress toward achieving our deleveraging target, finishing 2021 with $4.1, net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA ratio. IFF reduced gross debt by $124 million to $11.4 billion versus Q3 and we finished 2021 with cash and cash equivalence of $716 million. We remain competent that IFF is on track to achieve our deleveraging target of three times net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA by year three, post close, further supported by additional divestitures that I will touch on in a moment. Turning to slide 18, I'd like to provide commentary on our business outlook for 2022. For fiscal year 2022, we expect revenue between $12.3 billion and $12.7 billion with adjusted operating EBITDA in the range of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion. We also are forecasting foreign exchange rates will be a headwind in 2022, approximately two percentage point headwind to our revenue and a four percentage point headwind to adjusted operating EBITDA in '22. As you are all well aware, we continue to operate in a complex market environment with ongoing uncertainties from pandemic, global political tensions and supply chain challenges, IFF, and our industry at large have been impacted by these issues and we expect and have planned for that these challenges will remain into 2022. As I shared on our third quarter call, we expect inflationary pressures to be significant in 2022, as we see large cost increases in raw materials, energy and logistics. As a result, we are taking significant pricing actions to fully offset our dollar cost exposure, which we expect will result in strong sales and profit growth, but will depress margin. Longer term, we remain confident in our ability to recover margin to pre-inflation levels as we are focused on improving returns to generate strong value creation for our shareholders. We also remain intently focused on driving cost reductions through synergies and increased productivity efforts throughout our business. In addition, we are increasing CapEx in 2022 to approximately 5% of sales as a result of '21 CapEx carryover and increased investments to the passive expansion in key technologies, which will help support growth while also lowering logistics costs. Finally, we will also be increasing inventory by approximately $300 million to more appropriate levels to ensure we can continue to serve our customers. Now moving to Slide 19, I would like to focus more specifically on the cost inflation trends that we saw in '21 and now forecasts to see in '22. Heading into 2022, we expect certain costs, including raw materials, energy and logistics will continue to rise much as they did in '21. Overall, we expect '22 cost increases to be double digits, call it approximately 10%. We are seeing most of these increases related to inflation in raw materials with double digit increases in  oils, cellulose, pulp, turpentine, aroma chemicals, petrochemicals, fragrance specialty chemicals, savory ingredients, specialty chemicals, agriculture, grains and sweeteners. The inflationary pressures manifest themselves differently between the legacy N&B and IFF businesses. Most of the higher energy and logistics cost in '22 are related to legacy N&B. With added capacity coming online later this year, we hope to start to mitigate some of the logistics headwinds we have been facing due to an imbalance in supply and demand. If you look at legacy IFF portfolio, we are seeing high single digit raw material inflation similar to our flavor and fragrance peers. Recognizing these challenges, we have been aggressively pursuing broad based pricing actions and accelerating synergy and productivity efforts. Turning to Slide 20, I will provide a bit more insight into our sales guidance for 2022. Our $12.3 billion to $12.7 billion sales expectation represents continued momentum on top of our strong to 2021 results. To get a more comparable revenue basis, you must add back approximately $500 million of sales related to N&B in January of 2021 as N&B results were not part of IFF until February 01 of 2021. Our sales guidance also accounts for the removal of June to December '21 revenue results following the anticipated completed sale of our microbial control business, as well as the first nine months of '21 sales for their fruit prep divestiture which we closed in October of last year. That gets you to our comparable '21 revenue base of $11.85 billion as indicated on the slide. As I said earlier, we are significantly increasing our prices in order to fully offset the dollar cost exposure of our inflation for 2022. With that in mind, we anticipate pricing to be significantly larger contributor to the top line in '22. This pricing impact plus more months volume growth following a strong '21 will be central to our overall sales performance in '22, where we expect to grow approximately 6% to 9% year over year on a comparable currency neutral basis. Now, in terms of our guidance on the adjusted operating front, we also had to make adjustments for comparability. If you add that EBITDA related to N&B general results and subtract the EBITDA related to seven months of EBITDA as a result of the anticipated divetiture of our microbial control business, as well as the EBITDA related to the fruit prep business for the first nine months of '21, you get to a comparable '21 base of approximately $2.5 billion. As mentioned implementing broad base pricing actions to offset inflationary pressures is critical to our '22 plan. Over the last three plus month, each of our business has executed pricing actions across essentially our entire customer base. As a result, we anticipate to completely offset projected '22 install pressures with pricing actions. The majority of these actions will be implemented in the first and second quarter. I would also note that we anticipate that 2023 will benefit from an additional $200 million of net pricing benefit due to the full annualization of our pricing actions, which will be equal to a 100% capture of the combined 2021 and 2022 inflation impact on our business. Importantly, we also continue to closely monitor the global supply chain environment and will be prepared to execute additional price actions as appropriate. By adding anticipated volume leverage plus synergies and productivity, we expect comparable EBITDA growth in '22 to be strong, up approximately 4% to 8%. It should be noted that the synergy and productivity contribution here is a net number where it is a combination of the benefits of synergy and productivity, net of cost of living increases and reinvestments in the business. Our guidance implies that our adjusted operating EBITDA margin will be down modestly versus '21, principally due to our net dollar cost recovery, which equates to approximately 100 basis points. Over the course of '21 and '22, we will see more than $1 billion of total inflation and while we are working rapidly to cover the price increases, it has impacted margins significantly. To give you a perspective of the magnitude, our margin for full year '22 on an inflation adjusted basis will be approximately 300 basis points higher or approximately 23.5%. In terms of marching cadence throughout '22, we expect the first half to be down year over year with expansion coming in the second half. While sales are expected to be strong in the first quarter, year-over-year adjusted operating EBITDA margin performance will be the most challenged of the year down over 300 basis points versus our reported first quarter 2021 margin with each quarter after that concluding. Much of this will be driven by price to total inflation, where we expect to turn positive starting the third quarter. As I conclude, I want to highlight our four key areas of focus for '22 and provide further color into our detailed execution plans for each. First, we are committed to building on our strong '21 sales momentum. Our 6% to 9% targeted '22 currency neutral sales growth anticipates that we will continue to maintain volume growth consistent with overall industry growth rates. We believe that our exceptional R&D pipeline and scaled global commercial teams including targeted '22 investments will allow us to continue to deliver superior customer solutions and support strong growth. In addition, as I mentioned previously, we are making substantial investments to increase capacity across constrained portions of our portfolio and enhancing supply chain efficiencies. Lastly, we'll be sharpening our focus on our revenue synergy opportunities as we are behind our original planned pace, as much of last year was focused on addressing near term supply chain issues. That said, we are confident that the breadth and depth of our platform will allow us to build meaningful revenue synergies over time. Second, as previously outlined, we are intently focused on broad based pricing actions to offset inflation. And importantly, as the macro environment involves, we are prepared to quickly execute additional pricing actions throughout the year as needed. To enhance our ability to react more quickly to the dynamic environment over the last several months, we have undertaken a comprehensive end to end review of our procurement processes, implemented new pricing tools and established core pricing teams for each one of our businesses. Our focus has been to compress the time between inflation signals and customer pricing actions, ensuring we optimize product segment and customer specific pricing actions and closely monitor the level and pace of pricing utilization. Going forward, we are focused on further enhancing our procurement processes and pricing programs. Third, we are determined to accelerate our synergy realization and more broadly our productivity efforts in 2022. For your reference, included in our '22 guidance, we are targeting approximately $200 million of cost reductions from synergies, yield enhancements and reformulations, logistic efficiencies and other operational improvements. Net of wage inflationary pressures and targeted investments to help drive top line growth. we are targeting net cost efficiencies of approximately a $100 million for the year. While we feel this is good progress, we also recognize that there is more work to do. Consequently, in addition to the end to end review of procurement, we are undertaking a comprehensive review of our global manufacturing and logistics platform, constructing a plan to accelerate the scope and scale of our global shared service capabilities and developing a detailed technology and digital integrated roadmap all with the goal of driving meaningful efficiencies, while also ensuring we provide superior customer solutions and service. Fourth, we are actively working to accelerate our non-core divestitures. As we have discussed, we are on track to successfully complete the sale of our Microbial Control business, which will enhance the efficiency and profitability of our portfolio. We're also targeting additional portfolio optimization to further deliver our balance sheet and focus on core growth opportunities. Over the coming quarters, we will proceed with marketing a handful of nonstrategic businesses, call it three or four, where we believe that over the next 18 months, we can generate expected proceeds of approximately $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion. Similar to our fruit prep and Microbial Control business, these are non-strategic and the transactions will be accretive to our go-forward growth rate and margin profile. With this action plan together with our current sales momentum and strength, our leading portfolio, I am confident that IFF will deliver strong results in 2022. With that, I would like to turn the call back to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Glenn. IFF's transformation has been deeply personal to me, and I know that this company is stronger today than it has ever been. I am proud of the solid year we had in 2021 with significant year over year sales and profit growth, as well as steady progress towards our integration with N&B. So all my time at IFF, I've been consistently impressed by the thousands of employees who have dedicated their time and talent to make our company, the category defining leader it is today. I want to thank them for their contributions over this year and the time I have led the company and also for that passion about IFF and the commitment to our customers. The path ahead for the company and its new leadership team is clear. I'm confident that IFF enters its next chapter with the right team at best in class portfolio, innovative spirit, significant financial flexibility and a unified sense of purpose to drive long term growth and benefit our shareholders, employees, customers and communities. With that. I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator:  And we will take our first question from Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Gunther Zechmann: Hi. Good morning everyone. Hi, Andrea. Hi Gleen, thanks for taking my question. Can I start with two? The first one is on the top line guidance for the year. Can you just outline to us what's required to get to the higher or the lower end of the range respectively please? And the second one is you're pushing through quite a lot of price increases already ahead of some of your key peers in F&F. What's the volume elasticity that you expect or have already seen on the price increases and what you hear from your customers in that regard please?
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. good morning, Gunther. Thanks for the question. Your two questions are highly related because relative to the top line, we'd say the variable that's likely to be the bigger indicator of the range is we're going to be more volume than price. If anything, frankly, we feel very good about what we've implemented from price what's coming through. If there's additional inflationary price pressures, we may in fact push additional pricing, but volume to some extent, I think is the bigger question mark for us. We had a 2% to 3% assumption relative to volumes. That's probably a point lower than historically the market from a standpoint and that will probably drive the difference in terms of the top line. To your second question, we've actually have not seen much elasticity. i.e. as you know yourself sort of amp  up on the consumer product companies have been releasing recently, those volumes generally have been sticking in the market. We have one month by the way, the month of January results, generally volumes are sort of holding  in their Q4. So we're not seeing sort of a drop yet. That being said, when we put the plan together, recognizing this is going to be a very abnormal year, given the sheer degree of pricing, we got it prudent to plan accordingly and we actually expect, and what we've seen from an awful lot of our competitors is everybody is basically implementing the same range of pricing in the market.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Mark Astrachan: Yeah. Thanks and morning, everyone. Wanted to follow up sort of related to the last question, so in the '22 guidance, I guess both top line and adjusted EBITDA expectations is really strongly predicated on this pricing. So yeah how do you think about this in kind of broader, longer term strokes. If you go back years ago, competitors or ebbed and flowed in terms of the ability to take price and how quickly they took price and how much they took price. So how do you think about how your competitors react? If you go back through those earnings calls, nobody's really talking about specifics, but you just laid out specifics. So yeah how do you think about or what's embedded in what your competitors are going to do from a pricing standpoint and how quickly can you adapt if your competitors don't directly follow how much you're taking at this point and just a related point, how do we think about it beyond '22 in terms of how much pricing is given back versus what you're taking this year?
Andreas Fibig: Sure. Great question, Mark. The reality is we're well into midstream on pricing actions. We signal in our third quarter call with heavy inflation on the horizon, we react as a very quickly. So we spent the latter part of the fourth quarter and then sort of every working day this year of executing broad based pricing across the entire customer base. That actually has been quite effective. So based on the read of that i.e., we've implemented most of that pricing already, which will kick in largely over the first and second quarter. It appears to be sticking. We also know from observing our competitors, as they're under similar inflationary pressures, we're all sort of seeing the same thing and they're also are passing pricing through. So we feel like we're sort of neck to neck in terms of what we're doing in the market. We are being surgical. There are certain category is that are slightly more elastic or price competitive, if you will and are being thoughtful about sort of where we price and there are other areas that typically are less of elastic, they also are passing pricing through.  So we feel like we're sort of neck-to-neck in terms of what we're doing in the market. We are being surgical. There are certain categories that are slightly more elastic or price competitive, if you will and are being thoughtful about sort of where we price. And there are other areas that typically are less of elastic for a host of, and sort of making sure that we sort of price appropriate in those segments. But we do believe that -- actually more than believe, we've seen it. A lot of our pricing is in fact now and being implemented over the coming months. And, we have not seen, as I mentioned, a big significant change in terms of volumes and the amount of customers that we've lost has been relatively small, directly related to our pricing actions. We’re relative to the longer term, as we mentioned on the script, we had about $400 million of inflation last year. We anticipated about $600 million, so in all, in a billion dollars, between the two years. We implemented $200 million last and we're planning on matching the $600 million this year. So we're still $200 million short. We do fully anticipate to capture that additional $200 million as we move into 2023. And very importantly, the market continues to ebb and flow. Although we haven't seen a lot of movement on raw materials recently, there's been some ups and downs, but are prepared to react. And if they're additional inflationary pressures, we're, we're positioned to go to the market very rapidly.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mike DeStefano with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Mike DeStefano: Hey, good morning. Good end of the year. And Andreas has been great working with you. I guess my question is when you, you think about when the deal is put together your -- you seem to be on track to hit your top-line growth goals through 2023. If you're going to do '25 & '26 this year, it does seem like sort of a tall order to get to over $3 billion by '23. So just curious, do you think the absolute EBITDA goal in '23 is still doable or maybe it's delayed a year? And I know if you get the $200 million in pricing next year; that helps a lot. So just curious you can sort of walk us through what happens in '23 relative to the original goals for the deal? Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: I think it, it is a -- it is the question in some sense, how do we think about our longer term goals? Obviously Frank joins us next week and we will be working very aggressively over the coming months to review our longer term targets. That being said, I would say two things certainly going from '25, '26 to call it 32, 33; it’s a big number for next year. As you pointed out, I think we have a clear line of sight to $200 million of incremental pricing at least another a hundred million of synergy productivity. I actually would hope for more, quite frankly, but we have a hundred million left on the extent synergy side that gets us directionally to 2285 to 29 range from the standpoint. So we're getting to close the gap, but there's still a gap there. And we have work to figure that out. I think on a qualitative basis I am optimistic there's lot year because of the operating environment has been very challenging. And again, he would, would've anticipated the level of inflation and what we had to deal with on top of that, the global supply chain issues, but we do feel a combination of the strength of the platform in terms of revenue opportunities for growth. And in addition, the more I time I spend here, the more I'm convinced that there are meaningful opportunities to enhance our overall performance in terms of productivity and operating margin. So I, until Frank has arrives and we sort of go through that very detailed process, we can't provide a number. But there's a clear line to call it 2829 next year, based on pricing and productivity. And I think we have additional opportunities on top of that.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Roberts with UBS. Your line is now open.
John Roberts: Thank you and best wishes Andreas. You're guiding to a 4% headwind from current seat there EBITDA in 2022 and that's more than the 2% impact on sales. This is our first time going through an FX headwind with the new portfolio. So maybe help us with how much your costs are in dollars relative to the revenues and foreign currencies. And your side of the Euro continues to be the key currency, but has the overall basket of important currencies changed with the new portfolio?
Andreas Fibig: The basket has changed actually with the combination of NMB. It's actually slightly more U.S based. Then it is non-US based. Roughly around 50% of our revenues are U.S dollar denominated, about 25% are, are Euro, and then a, a range of currencies for the residual from a an earnings perspective while the Euro's 25% in revenues. It's about 20% in terms of our earnings. From a cash flow standpoint, because we have a higher cost base that European denominated. So, it is a significant portion. It's the one, that's what we focused on from a risk standpoint. As you know, the Euro dropped from circle 118 on average, last year, it's been in sort the 113, 114 range. We were planning a 113, so that's how we sort of think about the year.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Adam Samuelson: Hi. Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I was open to maybe dig in a little bit more just on the cost energy capture and the assumption that are embedded in the '20 -- in the '22 guidance. Just, we're kind of what -- and what's left to capture post '22 and guess the corollary to that, and this kind of address a little bit in some of the other conversations, but as we think about where we are exiting 2022 with some of the pricing carryover just relative to the original and be merger plan, kind of the, the margin EBITDA potential in '23?
Andreas Fibig: Yeah, sure. Adam, thanks. Thanks for the question. Relative to the synergies we identified as reminder, we did $60.21 million. Our commitment was to get to $180 million this year and to ramp up to $300 million. We're actually going to be short of that. We're actually posting another $90 million this year. I would note that our total productivity basket is $200 million. So we're thinking more broadly than just synergies, frankly, a year past the deal. It's important that we just figure out how to cut costs across the enterprise, as opposed to just focus on the narrow combination areas. Now of that shortfall, if you will, this year, it's all in the procurement arena, just given what's going on global supply chain. Wasn't realistic to sort of count on the synergy impact. So 60 plus -- plus the 90 gets us basically to the 150, and as I mentioned, I'm fully confident we're going to get the residual 150 and synergies to other areas and we'll continue to focus on productivity above that. So if you think about the carry over to next year between pricing of $200 million and then another 150 that's how you get to the 28 of the 29 from sort of a carryover standpoint into '23.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan, your line now open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. You, generated $1.4 billion in cash-flow on an EBITDA base of $2.4 billion or a little less than 60%. Is that the ratio that you expect for 2022, that is your operating cash flow will be about 1.5 or do you think you can make improvements in this ratio? What -- what should be the normal ratio of operating cash flow to EBITDA?
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. it's a great question. We have some more work to do to figure out sort of where we're going to be longer term relative to cash generation. We're going to be actually making slightly higher investments in two areas this year. I think net of these investments will be sort of about equal on a cash flow basis. One is we're going to be adding inventories building, I should say, inventories of about $300 million. As a reminder, when the deal was closed a year ago, we were at artificially low inventory levels, about 111 days. This historically the combined entity was in the 1 25 range. We built some of that back at the end of the year. We were, but we're still sort of short of where we need to be. The second thing is our CapEx spending will increase this year as well, relative to last year. Those increases are twofold. We ended the year less than $400 million. Some of the CapEx we were unable to implement last year that was a by-product of suppliers, basically being delayed in terms of supplying steel and other products. And in addition, just we operate in COVID environment. So the speed at which we're able to implement the load as well. So we're ramping up. We're also ramping up simply to address some capacity constraints, supply chain, which will actually achieve, help achieve higher demand levels as well as lower costs on the logistics side. So net, there is about a combination of $500 million increase between inventories and higher CapEx year-over-year, but the overall cash-flow apart from the business would be felt relatively neutral, after that's done. Longer term, as I mentioned previously, we, really have some work to do, to think about our longer term sort of goals relative to the cash generation of the enterprise.
Operator: And we'll take our next question for Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. So I know you commented on there being in that residual $200 million benefit on, on pricing when we get into 2023, but I did think it was worth just referencing the fact that some of your competitors talk about it taking 18 to 24 months for inflation to be covered with pricing. So I'm just curious why that would be such a shorter timeframe for you. So that's kind of point one and point two is just, I think the N&B businesses, there are components of them. My understanding there are little bit more commodity in nature where switching costs would be low for your customers versus more and there's certainly plenty. It's very value add, and that's not true at all. But just any thoughts or the degree you have visibility on elasticity for those portions of the portfolio? I don't know how, what you know, data was like at, N&B and so on. If there's visibility into some history on that piece of business as well, that's informing your elasticity thoughts for this year? Thanks.
Andreas Fibig: Sure. Thanks. Thanks for the question. In general, as I mentioned, we haven't seen much of volume drop off relative to our pricing action. So there are certain categories that are slightly more competitive, but in the environment where demand is still relatively high, we've been able to push through pricing. So there, there nowhere have we seen sort of great pockets of sort of softness across any of the businesses? That's point one. Point two, there is a lag, and that's why there, the $200 million will kick in late this year and roll into next year from an overlap standpoint. And there's too reason for that, that there's contractual relationships that despite actually in this environment, it's been easier to open up renegotiations to the level inflation. It takes time to renegotiate and put it in place. So just a timing element and then some of the contracts are more indices based or tied to certain indexes that certified as well. So recall we had $400 million last year, so we're, we're basically implementing all that. And then we have another $600 million to catch up. So at that billion, we will catch up $800 million of it within literally sort of five. And then we will kick into the residual into '23, which is right in that same window sort 18 months, thinking that sort of for implementation.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Butler with Deutsche bank. You line is now open.
David Butler: Thank you. Good morning. Going back to the volume guidance this year, 2% or 3%, it seems a little bit low given you are gaining share. You might have some beginnings of initial revenue synergies. Is there anything limiting that line growth assumption for this year that you can point out? Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: I, think we have been appropriately prudent in our planning process, given the sheer level of pricing that we have in the plan. We didn't want to sort of sort of push the envelope if you will, from a volume standpoint. As I mentioned previously, it's going to depend upon the consumer certainly in the very, very early days of the year. That seems to be holding up. But we have a lot of year ahead of us, as well. From a capacity standpoint as we've mentioned in the past, we are making very meaningful investments, a combination of CapEx, as well as inventory, to allow us to address some of the legacy issues we had last year. Those issues were principally and legacy N&B businesses that will feel better about having the capacity to meet and if it continues. But it's largely a function of just being prudent in this sort of a very, very unprecedented market from the planning standpoint.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Your line is now open.
Ghansham Panjabi: Okay. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Congrats again. And Andreas, I guess maybe a follow up to the last question in terms of your characterization of channel inventories, if you can you know, I'm looking at two subcategories on slide 9 ingredients and fine fragrance has obviously had a very, very big year. Are you assuming some sort of mean version as the year unfolds just from a demand standpoint as channel inventory comp against, pretty healthy comps from 2021. And then also, I'm sorry if I missed this, but did you break-up the sequencing go inflation in terms of what you're assuming the inflation trajectory as a year unfolds? I know you made comments on one queue.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah, let me I'll answer the second question really, just to give you some perspective on margin, sort of the margin change year over year progression through the year. So that reflects sort of the combination of the inflation and the pricing, the action, interestingly, it enough because we've been in two years of COVID it's difficult to look at any of the businesses on a given quarter and it's better to look on a two year or normalized basis. And when you, that actually the range relative to the currency neutral results of our businesses actually tightened up quite a bit. And they come very close together. So as it relates to this year from our planning standpoint, we don't have big differences planned per se, across our different business units. There much more tighter distribution in volume in part because we have a two to 3% volume in general. And in part, because we think we're opinion more normalized environment, and some of the capacity issues are also being effectively addressed. So we don't expect to have a, a wide range of impact. A wide range of differences between the businesses as relates to volumes from a pro on the pricing actions and the inflation and how we're offsetting that we do expect that the first half principally the first quarter will be the most challenged. We expect that the first quarter is likely to have margin down year of year, a little over 300 basis points. We expect that that will soft into around 150ish in the second quarter. And then in the back half of the year, we'll basically be up to get to the full year. The full year guidance is sort of directionally down 80 basis points year over year from a combination. So that, basically is a reflection of how we see the, sort of the, the pricings, the pricing kicking in relative to the inflation.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Parkinson with Mizuho Securities. Your line is now open.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Thank you so much. So when I look across your portfolio, pretty solid results in Nourish, Scent, et cetera. Do you kind of take a step back and look at the portfolio you know, right here right now, can you just comment on two things the first, just where you feel incrementally more positive of on the potential for revenue synergies then also just any further color on port smaller portfolio printing? Thank you so much.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. Good question. So maybe Andres going to add a little bit more on the revenue synergy, right? We feel very good about the longer term prospects on revenue synergies. We admit that we're behind, we, we basically are not on the original plan relative to the timing and for the pace of the revenue synergies. That in our view is simply a function of how we spent the last year. The last year because of the nature of supply chain issues inflation issues. We ended up dedicating resources more to the here and now from the standpoint. It's actually also allowed this for our commercial teams, our R&D teams to basically spend more time working together and a byproduct of that. We do feel like there's a very strong pipeline of opportunities going forward. So I very -- you will see basically the majority of the opportunities within our no division because by the nature of the products and the customer, it just goes very nicely together. If you just take all the plant based protein products where basically can, can offer almost a total solution on in many, many cases, even a total solution to our customers, so that that's one example. The other example is, and we had just one of the big customer meetings on, on the American cleaning Institute, Congress, this this month's where you see that the enzyme business for household care products and the fragrance business are going hand in hand. So these are certainly the biggest opportunities for us going forward and then something which we should not underestimate is that we have opportunities on the R&D side as well. And I give you just one very concrete example. Everybody is looking now for these the capsules for you put the fragrance into detergent and to produce a green capsule. And now with our enhanced capabilities, we have many more programs running to come up with really good solutions. They're already in generation two and three, and that is a synergy by themselves as, as well on the R&D area, which probably takes a little bit more time. And then Glenn, you should comment on the portfolio.
Glenn Richter: Yeah, a great question on portfolio, as I mentioned in my comments, and I think we've done a very, very good job of being thoughtful about non-core businesses. Non-Core those that basically are sort of diluted for our top line and bottom line, and just simply strategically don't have a great fit. As you know, we have sold through prep. We will be closing the second quarter on microbial controls. That's basically $1.4 billion gross. We have three or four other businesses that are being teed up. We will be going to market in the coming months quarters. We fully anticipate to have them executed. I need transactions close in the cash in within 18 months. We think that range is $1.5 billion to 1.7 billion relative to the three to four entities and very importantly, our goal is to use those proceeds to get us to the three times or lower laborer issues. So that actually been working very well; we had a dedicated set of teams to do nothing, but sort of focus on that to get that done markets have been good in relative to interest in, in certain properties. So we're very encouraged by that.
Operator: And we have no further questions on the line at this time. I will turn the program back over to Andreas Fibig for any additional or closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. Thank you very much for the participation and, and the good questions and taking preparation. That's my last IFF meeting here. Thank you for all the good and constructive work and have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time and have a wonderful time -- wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-09 13:32:03) =====
Operator: Please stand by, your program is about to begin.  At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Third Quarter 2021 earnings conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call.  . Participants will be announced by their name and Company. In order to give all participants an opportunity to ask their questions, we request a limit of 1 question per person. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael Deveau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's third quarter 2021 conference call. Yesterday, we issued a press release announcing our third quarter financial results and our outlook for the remainder of 2021. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. I ask that you take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the Company's performance and business outlook. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty.  For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors stated in yesterday's press release. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is available on our website. Please also note that we will be using combined historical results for the Third Quarter defined as 3 months of legacy IFF results, and 3 months N&B results.  And for 9 months year-to-date, defined as 9 months of legacy IFF, January to September, and 8 months of N&B, February to September in both the 2020 and 2021 periods to allow for comparability in light of the merger completion on February 1st, 2021. With me in the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig and our recently appointed Executive Vice President and CFO, Glenn Richter. We will begin today's call with our prepared remarks, and then we'll take any questions that you may have at the end. I would now like to turn the call over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. And I thank you for joining us today. Before I dive into our performance results, I would like to take a moment to thank all of our dedicated colleagues throughout the world, who have continued to work tirelessly in a challenging environment to fuel the global consumer goods supply chain and meet our customer’s needs. I can't thank each and every one of you enough for your hard work, dedication, and focus. I also want to take a moment and welcome Glenn Richter, who is joining us on today's call for the first time.  As you know, Glenn joined us a little over a month ago as our new Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'm sure you will all find that his experience aligns perfectly with our strategic goals, making him an incredible asset to our team. I also want to thank Rustom for his leadership and contributions during his time as IFF's CFO. Rustom played an important role in our combination with  N&B, and for that we are immensely grateful. He has been important putting IFF in the strong position it is today. We wish him all the best in his future endeavors. On today's call, I will begin by providing an overview of year-to - date performance, including the progress we have made so far on our integration.  I will then turn it over to Glenn (ph) who will provide a more detailed look at our third quarter financial results. Before we conclude today's call with a question-and-answer session, Glenn (ph) will also speak to our outlook for the remainder of the year. Now, as I mentioned, I'd like to kick us off on Slide 6 by discussing our financial highlights for the first 9 months of 2021. Throughout the third quarter, we remained laser focused on extending the momentum IFF established in the first half of 2021. In the first 9 months of 2021, IFF achieved $8.6 billion in sales, representing 10% growth with 7% on currency-neutral basis.  A strong reflection of the strength of our market-leading platform, and the compelling position we have established with our customers as a combined Company. We delivered a 22% adjusted operating EBITDA margin and a combined EBITDA growth of 5%. As we will discuss in more detail, we continue to confirm meaningful inflationary pressure due to higher raw material, logistic, and energy costs. We have maintained our robust cost discipline efforts and are entering the fourth quarter with continued financial strengths, having achieved $884 million free cash flow or approximately 10% of our trailing 9 months sales, driven by strong cash generation.  This cash generation has enabled us to stay on track to meeting our deleveraging target. Finally, as I've mentioned in previous quarters, continued refinement and optimization of our portfolio is a critical component of our ongoing integration efforts. I am pleased to share that we have completed divestiture of our food preparation business, and are on track to complete the divestiture of all Microbial Control business in the second quarter of 2022. Together, these 2 important divestitures will create a more focused IFF, allowing us to hone in on the constraints of our core business segments and create a stronger, more-focused business.  We will continue to evaluate and optimize our portfolio as we move forward with our integration, looking for opportunities to rapidly divest in other non-core businesses. We started this year with a simple commitment, to focus on execution and deliver on the potential of the new IFF. I'm pleased to say that even in a very challenging global environment, our team has met our integration objectives by delivering strong results with continued sales momentum and profit growth.  Now, turning to Slide 7, I'd like to walk you through some of the regional sales dynamics underpinning our results for the last 9 months. First, I'm excited to share that we continue to experience strong growth in all 4 of our key operating regions despite ongoing and unique market uncertainties that have persisted across each geography. In North America, we achieved 7% growth across all 4 of IFF's business divisions, led by high-single-digit growth in Nourish and Scent. These 2 divisions have continued to perform exceptionally well quarter after quarter.  In Asia, we experienced a 7% increase in sales led by continued double-digit growth in India, as well as a low single digit growth in China, even in it's particularly strong recent market complexities in the region. From a business unit perspective, Nourish, Scent and Pharma Solutions continued to carry the region's growth throughout the year to-date. Latin America continues to be our strongest performing region and sales growth leader, having achieved 12% growth largely fueled by double-digit growth in our Nourish and Scent divisions and continued local currency strengths.  Perhaps, most impressive is a 7% sales growth at our EMEA region achieved to date, which includes a robust double-digit increase in the third quarter and prices performance on our Scent and Norridge divisions stock. This encouraging rebound, with Scent delivering double-digit growth led by our client fragrance business, and Norridge delivering high single-digit growth, led by our food service business. We expect this momentum to continue through the remainder of the year and we will stay diligent to ensure our business remain nimble, positioned to perform against any new supply chain challenges that may arise.  Moving now to Slide 8, I'd like to take a closer look at our 9 months year-to-date sales performance across our key business segments. Our largest division, Nourish, has been a strong performer throughout the year, achieving currency-neutral sales growth of 9% with broad-based strength from all flavors, ingredients, and food design businesses. Scent has had a similar strong year delivering 8% in currency-neutral gross to date led by impressive double-digit growth in fine fragrance, as well as strong growth in Consumer Fragrance and ingredients. Health & Bioscience has seen strong demand in key focus areas, including Home and Personal Care, animal nutrition, and  food enzymes.  As you know, we are in the process of selling our microbial control unit, which has continued to experience headwinds through this year, but has rebounded from COVID impacted loss with growth in both Q2 and Q3. This divestiture should further enhance the performance of this important division. Pharma Solutions, despite significant challenges, is flat so far for the year. Supply chain challenges have had an outsized impact on this divisions throughout the year. While we have seen encouraging growth in our industrial business, the division still struggles to meet customer demand due to all mature availability challenges and logistics issues.  Now on slide 9, you will see that we have outlined some of the factors influencing the gross profitability of each of our 4 divisions so far this year. As I previously mentioned, Nourish had had a strong year with Flavors & Ingredients experiencing double-digit growth. We have been working hard in our execution to manage the volume and costs to limit margin impact from higher raw material costs, which continue to be a headwind on our profitability. While we have seen some margin impact of about 20 basis points in the year, we are proud of how our execution has mitigated much of the negative headwinds while delivering meaningful growth.  Our team has done an exceptional job increasing prices to combat inflationary pressures, something that will continue to be critical as we move forward. At Health & Biosciences, we mentioned broad-based growth across the markets. But here we are seeing significant margin impact from higher logistic costs. As shared on our second quarter call, part of this that freight rates have increased significantly, but also, we have -- having higher logistic costs to balance robust customer demand and available capacity. We have increased capacity investments in this business to support long-term growth. Investing in R&D and Plant technology to increase output later this year and into 2022.  The Scent division is certainly realized the strongest all-around bounce back as consumer demand rises across end markets. Notably, Fine Fragrances alone as realized, 36% growth year-to-date was double-digit growth in cosmetic active, and continued solid performance in Consumer Fragrances. At the time, since profitability expansion of a 110 basis points has been led by higher volume, favorable mix, and higher productivity. As I mentioned, Pharma Solutions was the only division in which we did not experience sales growth due to continued global supply chain challenges that have impacted our ability to meet strong customer demands.  These challenges, including supply and logistic constraints and ongoing inflation, have in turn, significantly pressured our margin compared to the first 9 months of 2020. Moving through the fourth quarter and entering 2022, we will be closely tracking supply chain dynamics and will continue to prioritize returning our Pharma Solutions business to the profitability we know is achievable. And in the fourth quarter, we're expecting year-over-year, top and bottom-line performance to improve. As we have been talking about today, IFF is realizing very strong sales momentum across our business.  This is a reflection of a powerful new position we have created through our combination with the N&B business, and the compelling value proposition we can offer to our customers. While we are pleased to put many of the gross hesitance relates to the pandemic behind us, it is important to understand that our growth this year, is in fact meaningful above pre-pandemic results. If you look at the total business, you will see that on a comparable 9 months proforma basis, the new IFF has realized 9% sales growth over 2019 results. This strength is broad-based to each segment is realizing strong rose above pre-pandemic levels.  Nourish as a business that was particularly hard hits with the pandemic involves strongly growing with sales growth of 9% compared to performance 2019 in 9 months period. And for important, especially given that much of the integration work is coming from within this division. These results showcase how acquisition in the market has been fundamentally strengthened through the merger and how our teams are delivering the full potential of IFF to our customers. Moving to slide 11, I would like to discuss a strong progress we have made in terms of synergy realization.  For just 9 months since completing our merger with N&B, our synergy progress reaffirms the tremendous opportunity we have in front of us as a combined Company. Having received significant and highly encouraging positive feedback from our customers, along with persistent robust customer demands, we are confident in our ability to meet our revenue target. To date, revenue synergies have started to contribute to our top-line performance and we are pleased that our project pipeline is strong and growing. The first 9 months of 2021, we've achieved approximately $40 million in cost synergies, representing nearly 90% of our 2021 cost synergy target was 1 quarter to go.  This was largely a result of the comprehensive savings programs we have implemented, where we are leveraging our increased scale and optimizing on our organization. I'm confident that we will more than exceed our $45 million year-one synergy target. And I'm encouraged by the continued progress we're making towards achieving our three-year run rate of cost synergy target of $300 million. Now, before I turn the call over to Glenn (ph), I want to spend a second to really underscore what he brings to us here at IFF. His background is perfect, but there are 2 areas I think really standout.  First, he brings a tremendous  was private and public companies and leading finance teams to enhance discipline and built processes that drive towards a goal of shareholder value creation. He has time and time again shown an ability to help businesses accelerate top-line growth while driving margin expansion. In this way, he consistently implements productivity initiatives with lasting impact. Second, he has been through several large-scale M&A integrations with a track record of strong success. As we continue to execute on our multi-year transformational integration, this experience is invaluable. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Glenn (ph).
Glenn Richter: Thank you for the warm welcome, Andreas, and good morning, afternoon and evening to everyone. Since joining IFF in late September, I've had the opportunity to briefly meet many in our investor community. And the most common questions I've been asked is why did I join IFF? And what are my near-term priorities? Consequently, before I review our financial results, I thought it would be helpful to briefly provide these perspectives as an introduction. There were 3 very compelling reasons for me to join IFF. First and perhaps most importantly, IFF is a Company that is truly making a difference in helping solve some of the world's biggest challenges.  We're delivering reliable, innovative, and sustainable solutions that are directly helping address issues such as improved nutrition and wellness, reducing greenhouse gas emissions, and creating a more sustainable environment. Second, the industry has very attractive organic growth characteristics benefitting from continued strong consumer tailwinds. From increased consumer focus on wellness and natural and sustainable products, increased demand in emerging markets, and new consumer needs presented by aging demographics in developed markets. I also believe that scale will become an important basis of competitive advantage. As customers demand leading ESG platforms, increased innovation and speed-to-market, global supply chain resiliency and help in navigating increasingly complex regulations.  Third, I firmly believe that the combination of IFF with DuPont's legacy N&B business has uniquely created an industry leading platform. And since joining IFF, I've tried to immersed myself in the business completely. Visiting sites, meeting with our business and operations teams, and spending time at our R&D in creative centers. I've also prioritized hearing from you, our investors and analysts and frankly, today I'm even more bullish on the strength of IFF 's global capabilities and the tremendous long-term potential we have to drive strong top and bottom-line growth.  Relative to my near-term priorities, I have 4 primary areas of focus. By far, our most pressing priority is to tackle the challenges from the global inflationary environment and to successfully execute broad-based pricing actions across all of our businesses. Second, I'm also focused on enhancing our core financial processes and metrics, including better forecasting, improved business-level return metrics, and tighter disciplines for our investment decisions, so that we're maximizing our growth potential and return on invested capital.  A third area of focus is ensuring we fully deliver on our merger synergies, while also accelerating our focus on sustainable productivity. And finally, while we have made very good progress to date on our portfolio optimization, there is significant opportunity remaining. In the days and months ahead, I look forward to learning even more about this organization and engaging with all of you. With that, I'd now like to provide an overview of our consolidated third quarter results.  In Q3, IFF generated approximately $3.1 billion in sales, representing a 12% year-over-year increase, primarily driven by the continued double-digit growth in our Nourish division, and strong increases in both Scents and Health & Biosciences. In terms of contribution, volume performance was the primary driver of our growth. As pricing represented approximately 2% points in the quarter. So, our gross margin continued to be challenged by inflationary pressures.  It was somewhat offset by our strong cost management focus, which resulted in adjusted operating EBITDA growth of 4%. While we had solid year-over-year EBITDA growth, our gross margin was down by 210 basis points, as our pricing actions recovered only about 65% of our raw material increases, or approximately 50% in the third quarter when we include raw material, logistics, and energy, increases. As we move forward, we are squarely focused on improving this recovery rate relative to the total inflationary basis. But expect that in the short term, specifically the fourth quarter, we will see a similar pressure given the time lag of price realization.  Let me finish on this slide by saying that we achieved strong earnings per share, excluding amortization of a $1.47. On the next few slides, I will dive deeper into the third quarter financial results for each of our 4 divisions. Turning to slide 13, I'll start with our Nourish division, which had an exceptional quarter. In Q3, Nourish achieved 17% year-over-year sales growth, or 15% on a currency neutral basis. Driven by robust double-digit growth in Flavors for the second consecutive quarter. Ingredients also grew double-digits with all subcategories, protein solutions, pectin and seaweed extracts, emulsifiers and sweeteners and cellulosic, LPG and food protection increasing double-digits.  Food Design also grew double-digits led by Food Service, where pandemic related restrictions continued to be lifted with away-from-home consumer behaviors returning to more typical levels. As a result of strong volume growth, price increases and our focus on cost management, Nourish achieved an adjusted operating EBITDA increase of 19% and margin expansion of 30 basis points. On Slide 14, you'll see that our Health and Biosciences division saw year-over-year sales growth of 7% or 5% on a currency neutral basis, led by double-digit growth in Home & Personal Care and high single-digit growth in Cultures and Food Enzymes.  Our health category was soft this quarter due to a particularly strong double-digit year-ago comparison, so we are pleased with the results when we look at it on a two-year basis. As Andreas mentioned earlier, inflationary pressures and higher logistics, and energy costs to keep up with the robust customer demand has challenged our margins across our business with H&B particularly impacted, which drove an operating EBITDA decrease of 12%. Unpacking this a bit deeper, the bulk or 70% of our year-over-year EBITDA decline came from higher airfreight volumes, where we have increased inter-Company shipments to manage available capacity.  As we shared last quarter, we have increased capacity investments in this business to support long-term growth and have also invested in R&D and plant technology to increase output. Until then, we will be incurring higher costs to support our customer demand, and this will impact our EBITDA margin. Turning now to Slide 15. Our Scent Division continues to perform extremely well and experience strong growth, achieving 10% year-over-year growth or 9% growth on a currency neutral basis. This performance was driven by Fine Fragrances continued rebound, which grew approximately 36%, led by new customer wins and improved volumes.  Our ingredients category also continues to perform well, and contributed to Scent's overall success, seeing double-digit growth for the second consecutive quarter, led by strong performance in both cosmetic actives and Fragrance ingredients. While our consumer Fragrances business saw modest low single-digit growth against a strong double-digit year-ago comparison, this is a marked improvement from Q2 and we expect further growth as we move forward. On a 2-year average basis, Consumer Fragrance remains strong at 9% in the third quarter. Scent also experienced adjusted operating EBITDA growth of 10% driven by strong volume growth and favorable mix.  Margin was down modestly to the higher raw materials and logistics costs a trend we see continuing. I will provide what content shortly. Lastly, in our Pharma Solutions business, we saw a current seat neutral sales decrease of 2% due to continued supply chain challenges related to raw material availability and logistic disruptions, which have made it challenging to meet persistent and growing customer demand. While  has continued to recover from COVID-19 lows, our core Pharma business saw soft performance against its solid year-ago comparison.  The division's adjusted operating EBITDA margin also continue to be impacted by higher sourcing, logistics, and manufacturing costs. We also continue to see the impact of force materials and raw material shortages with suppliers and shutdowns due to Hurricane Ida, resulting in unplanned outages in some of our product lines. While we expect the current market environment and macro supply chain problems to continue challenging the segment, we remain optimistic. And as Andreas mentioned earlier, we remained focused on returning the division to profitability as these injured sheet conditions stabilize.  Now, on Slide 17, I would like to review our cash flow position, and leveraged dynamics for the first 9 months of 2021, both of which remain a top priority for us. So far this year, IFF has generated $884 million in free cash flow, with cash flow from operations totaling approximately $1.1 billion. As the team has mentioned in previous quarters, we are investing in our growth accretive businesses as well as integration activities. Year-to-date, we have spent $242 million or approximately 2.8% of sales on capex and expect a significant ramp-up in fourth quarter as our annual spend is traditionally more back-half weighted.  From a leverage perspective, we are continuing to make substantial progress toward achieving our deleveraging target with our cash and cash equivalents at finishing at $794 million, including $122 million restricted cash with gross debt reduced by $446 million versus the second quarter to $11.5 billion due to our debt maturity schedule as part of our deleverage plan. Our trailing 12-month credit adjusted EBITDA totaled approximately $2.7 billion, with a 4.1 times net debt-to-credit adjusted EBITDA. With our continued strong cash flow generation, including proceeds from divested non-core businesses, we remain confident that IFF is on track to achieve our deleveraging target of less than 3 times Net Debt to EBITDA by within 20 to 36 months post transaction close.  Turning to slide 18, I'd like to take a moment to discuss the cost inflation trends that have impacted our business this year. As I mentioned earlier, IFF's and the industry at large has seen significant year-over-year inflation increases, which have been accelerating in the recent quarter. The inflationary pressures we are seeing today are significant. Just as examples, vegetable oil prices hit a record high after rising by almost 10% in October. Price of wheat is up almost 40% in the last 12 months through October. Brent crude prices have more than doubled over the past 12 months to the highest level since October, 2018. In the U.S. natural grass prices are up 100% from a year ago.  And in the U.K., they're up about 500%. And transportation rates have increased significantly given the high demand and limited capacity to ship. Across the raw materials, logistics, and energy markets, like many industries around the world, we have seen cost accelerate each quarter, which has led to our margins being adversely impacted. For example, in the first half of 2021, gross margin was down about 150 basis points. Following the third quarter, we were down about 210 basis points. As we look ahead, we are being prudent in our planning as we expect these inflationary pressures will continue throughout the fourth quarter and over the course of 2022.  Consequently, this will require us to successfully implement significant pricing actions across each of our businesses, as well as improve our sourcing efficiencies, accelerate operational improvements, and capture targeted integration synergies to drive profit growth. Now moving to slide 19, I would like to share with this means for our consolidated financial outlook. For the full-year 2021, we are maintaining the increased total revenue forecast we announced in September to account for the strong demand. For the full year 2021, we are targeting $11.55 billion in total revenue, or approximately 8.5% growth up from the forecast of $11.4 billion or 7% growth that we disclosed in the second quarter.  We also expect our sales growth to continue in the fourth quarter as our Q4 quarter-to-date sales trend is solid. As mentioned, unprecedented macro supply chain challenges and inflationary pressures continued to impact our industry. And we do expect this to continue in the foreseeable future. While we are intently focused on offsetting these inflationary pressures through pricing actions, these are lagging the inflationary pressures. And as a result, we have further revised our adjusted EBITDA margin to be modestly below 21% down from approximately 21.5% that was forecasted in September. About half of this reduction is due to lower gross margin in the third quarter, and the other half stemming from higher cost trends we see in the fourth quarter.  For the full year, we are targeting low single-digit EBITDA growth, a solid improvement in light of the external challenges. We also adjusted our capex spend outlook down, as we have been very thoughtful in balancing near-term operating priorities with the need to add capacity to support accretive growth across our businesses. Overall, we are pleased of the progress we've made to-date. Strong, top-line growth, and the commitment to meet near-term macro cost pressures. And we're confident that IFF is on the right path. Employees  continued success across our core business. I'll now turn the call back over to Andreas for some closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Glenn. Before I wrap it up, I'd like to reiterate how proud I am of IFF and our thousands of employees around the world who have showcased a remarkable resilience toward an evolving and continuously uncertain industry environment. They have continued to deliver strong year-over-year sales and profit growth and I'm confident that with our top notch financial operational structure supported by Glenn's financial leadership, we will be able to maintain and bolster our strong financial profile by continuing to deliver for both our shareholders and our customers.  Q4 is off to a solid start, and I know that our momentum will propel us to achieve strong sales growth for the full year and bring us another step closer to achieving our synergy targets. In some, it is clear to me that IFF is in an incredible strong position. We knew entering this year that the new IFF was poised to change our industry. But to do so, we had to execute. As we look at industry-leading sales growth for the full year, I'm just so proud of how everyone here stepped up and executed on our vision and delivered against our potential. IFF is once again the clear leader of this field, creating another iconic chapter in this Company's 132-year legacy.  This core strength of the business is why I felt now was the perfect time to start to transition to find IFF's next CEO. I have every confidence that now is the right time to let the next chapter of IFF's legacy begin. As we announced, the search has begun for my successor, and we expect that person to be in place by early 2022. I'm fully committed to a seamless transition and look forward to talking to you all about this more in the near future. Thank you all for your support. With that, I would like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: . In order to give all participants an opportunity to ask their questions, we request a limit of 1 question per person. Our first question comes from Heidi Vesterinen, with Exane BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Heidi Vesterinen : Good morning, everyone. I have a question for Glenn, actually, and thanks for the info on why you joined IFF. What do you think of IFF's long-term targets rate? Thanks.
Glenn Richter : Yeah, good morning. Thanks for the question. I would have to break them down relative to component parts. First of all, relative to topline, as we mentioned, we're very pleased for tracking extremely well versus the long-term targets and then when you take a look at how we're tracking versus competition, which is another great indicator. We're actually very pleased in terms of yards. So, we check that we'd say relative to our deleveraging target, getting below 3 times by year 3. We are feeling very comfortable with that. Combination of the cash flow generation from the business remains strong.  And as you know, we've announced a couple of divestitures and we'll continue to look at other non-core businesses. So, I would check both that -- both the deleverage as well as our free cash flow. The area that really needs to work is around our long-term margin objective. As you know, we have a 26% EBITDA margin target that was easier when we started off with a higher number at the beginning of the year and versus the most recent guidance. We're now about 500 basis points off that relative to the guidance this year. So, as we approach our '22 plan, we're spending energy thinking about that multiyear target.  I think structurally, there are couple of factors that we think still play in the favor of not only increasing where we are from an EBITDA margin, but potentially getting us back to that. 1, is clearly the biggest impact this year unexpected, has been the inflationary environment. And  we thought would talk more about this, but we lost about 200 basis points this year at our margin, relative to inflation, net of what we expect to price, and in addition, we've had some pockets of higher use of freight costs in a couple of our business. So that's about 200 basis points.  We still feel very confident on achieving the long-term synergy objectives, the cost synergies. And I would submit there are probably additional productivity in the business. I believe we strip out the material side of our business. We have over $4 billion of costs between our manufacturing operations and then our S&A, and I think we just sort of begun to scratch the surface relative to that with our synergy targets. That being said, we are working very intently right now to sort of think about -- and actually -- our pricing initiatives and also think about a longer-term productivity as well.
Heidi Vesterinen : Thank you.
Glenn Richter : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Matthew Deyoe : Good morning. I appreciate all the added detail in the slides on the cost side, but just trying to understand better the margin contraction a bit, and how we got to the point where we're cutting the guidance again. If I look at 3Q and then moving into 4Q, could you talk a little bit about how costs are coming in versus where you had budgeted them. And on that end, can you push price to offset logistics costs for businesses that you've just won recently, or is this just a cost of doing business in that margin component is going to come down or improve when cost and capacity come out.
Glenn Richter : Yes. So good morning, Matthew. This is Glenn. I'll start with answering and maybe turn it over to Andreas. In general, the biggest hit as I just mentioned, on our business this year has basically been material costs, broadly impacting our business. Of the 200 basis points, it has impacted us and anticipated impact is about 200 basis points in terms of margin. About 2/3 of that is related to rate increases. So that's a combination of our raw materials, our energy, and our logistics costs. What's happening relative to each of those buckets is earlier in the year, we were thinking mid-single-digit relative to inflation and raw materials.  It's now high-single-digit approaching 10% in terms of the annual inflation. We're seeing logistics costs continue to accelerate that to the mid-teens. And then energy, as everyone is well aware, has been extremely volatile, and it's been trending up about 30% year-over-year. By the way, the planning posture for '21 is we really had relatively flat inflationary pressure, so we didn't expect at any of our material costs to go up. So, we have a much, much more significant impact relative to what we'd anticipated just a couple of quarters ago.  I would say the rest of our cost structure is working quite well. We have actually delivered strong results against our R&D sales, and administrative expenses were actually exceeding plan relative to our costs, so we're actually lower at that point. In general, manufacturing is working on productivity, although constraints in our system have limited some of the capacity gains, we can get and some of the efficiencies out of the system. The pricing dynamics that we are working very, very aggressively on capturing the pricing.  But today, we're capturing and expect to capture only about $0.50 on the dollar from inflation this year. And that's simply a lag factor relative to our ability to go to market and implement. I will note that as we look out in '22, we are anticipating those inflationary trends to continue into next year, and we are basically planning our pricing actions accordingly. I.e., each of our businesses are thinking about not only what has hit this year, but what we anticipate to hit next year, and we're executing against that. To your last point on pace, that depends by business. We have some but not a lot of multiyear contracts. In a lot of most cases, we have annual contracts.  And in many, if not most of those cases, they tend to run on a fiscal cycle, so beginning of year forward. But my last comment I would make is, we're in, I'd say unprecedented environments given the level of inflation. So, it is affording us an opportunity to go back in almost all cases to our customers and discuss the inflationary environment this will be our pricing going forward, even when we have sort of contractual relationships in place. So, let me maybe turn it over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig : Thank you. Thank you, Glenn, I think it's very comprehensive. So just on 1 aspect, you asked Matt on the logistics. Obviously, we go back on logistics as well, either as price increases or surcharges, and it's a bit tough up for newly won contracts, obviously, but we try what we can do because that has a huge impact in all businesses, particularly on the Health & Biosciences business. But here, I think there's another element in it is -- we are working to increase capacity because there's a lot of demand for -- in particular for Enzyme business.  And we are building -- we just installed a new fermenters and . And there's more to come for the first half of next year which will help us to decrease logistic costs as well and pull through when we get in terms of demand from our customers. We're very optimistic on this one because the technology is superior and then certainly good growth driver for us going forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Your line is open.
Mark Astrachan : Yes. Thanks. And good morning, everyone. I guess just building on the last question, Glenn, maybe specifically, if you're willing to talk about it, and obviously you're early in the process, but how do you currently see inflation for '22? And how should we think about when you expect to have enough pricing implemented to cover inflation? Obviously, you talked about $0.50 on the dollar, but what's the timeline for more pricing to be in place? And also, how do you think about offsets in terms of dollars versus margin recovery in the timing they're in?
Glenn Richter : Hey, thanks for the question, Mark (ph). You semi answered it with the intro is -- we're in the early phases of locking down a '22 plan. We desire to go out early in the year with it as much as we can, relative to our pricing actions. However, the pace at which we're able to implement that vis -a - vis the pace of inflation, we're not sure if you will when the curves will cross over from a standpoint. It's likely to be sort of late second quarter into the second half of the year, but I would say stay tuned. We're really still working on that.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson : Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone. I guess first, Andreas, you talked through some of the regional and business sales trends a little more on a year-to-date basis. Hoping you could frame that from the third quarter and into the fourth, where some of the pluses and minuses are. And specifically, with that organic sales guidance, where pricing was in the third quarter and where you think it's going to be in the fourth as we evaluate what the tailwind in 2022 could be, as you go back to customers on price.  And if I could just sneak a quick other one in on synergy realization and just help us think about the cadence of cost and revenue synergy realization in '22, especially on the cost side, where would seem like an inflationary environment makes it harder to risk to achieve some of the procurement savings that had been previously targeted. Thanks.
Andreas Fibig : Yeah, thank you, Adam, for the question. So, what we have seeing in Q2 and Q3 is that we have grown about percent price. The risk was for volume going forward. We might see a little bit more in the fourth quarter in terms of price. But as you said, we had a good start sales wise into the fourth quarter. So, October can come in. Good that we don't have the final P&L here, so we can't talk about that. Synergy realization is going, actually, on the cost synergies extremely well. As you have seen, we have already realized the 40 million in the first 3 quarters of the 45-worth promised. So, it's very, very likely that we will over-achieve. On the sales synergies, we are very much on track.  And I see, when I visit our facilities and I was basically out in the field, the last week in Europe, but the teams are working very nicely and very, very well together. So, we see that more sales synergies are coming in. And that shows that we are building a very, very strong position for the Company going forward. In terms of the different categories as well, we see still a good performance on the Fine Fragrance side, which is very, very helpful. So just a good recovery, but its growth -- with growth rate here as well. And that's helping the whole results for the Company going forward. I think that's what we can say about the fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Gunther Zechmann : Hi, thanks for taking my question and welcome, Glenn. The photo on the flight looks very youthful so it must be an active ingredients from Lucas Meyer Cosmetics. Thanks for sharing the percentage change in raw materials. Can I just check if the numbers you gave earlier, Glenn are what you include in the full-year guidance, or current run rate. And then pricing is up to 2% of sales in Q3. Can you share the exit run rate out of Q3 or and October if you have it? And what further increases you expect to push through, please.
Glenn Richter : Maybe, yeah. Good morning or good afternoon, Gunther. Good to hear from you. I'll answer the second question first. Q4 pricing  rate from Q3 is going to be very consistent with Q3, so it's about 2 points. It's slightly higher in Q4 versus Q3. And as a result of that, actually the inflation pressures are going to slightly outpace once again within the quarter, just given the cost increases from the standpoint, just as a follow-up to that, really we are focused on aggressively implementing late this year into '22 on that front.  Of the full-year margin guidance and relative to the freight impact, we have about 200 basis points associated with cost. About 2/3 of that is pure rate and about 1/3 of that, or about 60 basis points is related to higher usages of freight, principally air and principally to support our H&D business because of capacity limitation, so that piece as Andreas had mentioned, will take us some time to work out through '22 as we address some of the capacity constraints.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Roberts with UBS. Your line is open.
John Roberts : Thank you. And best wishes, Andreas, for the future, and welcome, Glenn. Andreas, your customers are seeing a lot of bulk raw material cost increases, so they're probably feeling even more cost pressure than you are. Do you see more reformulation going on? And is that providing any opportunities for more wins if your customers are reformulating their products a little bit more frequently here, because of their cost pressures?
Andreas Fibig : So, I'm saying -- first of all, thank you for the question. It's -- we see reformulation. Is it massively more than what we have seen before? Probably not. But what we see in general, what comes in terms of projects, are bigger projects -- less projects, but bigger projects, which is actually good for us. Taking into consideration that we will win more of these projects, the cost for us is reducing in terms of the average projects, so that's what we see it at the moment. Indeed, many of our customers see good balance increases.  But the discussion with the procurement people on the customer side is going okay and well because they know what's happening on the raw material front here. So, I think that's where we are, what we see is still that we have really good strong demand from most of our customers. And that's very helpful in terms of the business and also in terms of the momentum we have as a business growing going forward because we have to take into consideration, we are still in the integrational phase, and we're gaining share. That's what we see or some comparison to our competitors. And we are making good, good progress in the integration as well. So that's all what I am to.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeff Zekauskas : Thanks very much. In your initial remarks, Glenn, you said that there remains significant opportunities for portfolio optimization. Does that mean that there's another, I don't know, $500 million to $1 billion in revenues that can be monetized? And second, can you describe or articulate your capital expenditures for 2022 and '23. And what's the arc of capital expenditures? And what are the priorities to spend on?
Andreas Fibig : Good morning, Jeff (ph). This is Andreas. On the portfolio, as we said, we own about 5% of sales. That's what it is, and we are working on it. More will come probably early next year and then we can be more transparent around it. But we're very happy with the moves we have made on the portfolio and there's more to come. On the capex, I hand it over to Glenn (ph).
Glenn Richter : Sure. Good morning. So, as you recognize, we updated our guidance for this year relative to our full-year capex spend at 4%. And that's in part because of just the ability to execute our capital programs well. given all of the different priorities we have in the business and far that is just continuing to be more surgical I'll say, relative to our investing capital. We do anticipate that that will ramp up next year as we're putting together our '22 plans, largely focused on our higher margin and higher growth businesses.  And a big piece of that actually is really the bottlenecking and enhancing our capacity situation into next year. So, I'll say more to come around the plan standpoint. We had -- I think previously guided to having spent a little bit more capex around the business playing forward for capacity reasons. And then the other area I would just note although it's a much smaller portion around IT. So, IT through an integration activity. We have some additional activities as we go into next year as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Your line is open.
Lauren Lieberman : Great. Thanks. Good morning. I had two questions. First, was the generally operating expenses in the quarter, both SG&A and then R&D specifically, were down quite a bit. And I was curious if you could comment on how sustainable those changes were. If it reflects maybe incentive compensation again or more tactical reductions given the gross margin pressures. I was curious about that piece. And then the second thing unrelated, was on Pharma.  You've given the capacity constraints that you've seen and demand outstripping supply, which is great. The question is, what -- where is that demand going? What's the risk that rebuilding, if you call it relative market share, when you do get capacity up is a challenge? I mean, where is that business going, and how confident can we be that that will come back when you get the capacity up? Thank you.
Andreas Fibig : Thank you, Lauren, for the question. The first keys, Glenn will take and then take the follow one.
Glenn Richter : Good morning, Lauren. As a relative to our R&D sales and administrative expenses, as I mentioned, we are favorable to plan and down from prior year, but that is not R&D. Actually, R&D is trending right on plan. And by the way, of our roughly 2.1 billion of annual spend for RS&A, about 30% is, R&D, and the residual is fairly equally split between sales, our commercial team, and an administrative.  We're seeing actually more efficiencies in the commercial teams as they come together post-integration and the back-office. So, the administrative teams as well. So that's really where we're seeing and are pushing more of the productivity, not R&D, we're always looking for ways to more efficiently spend our R&D budget, but we sort of directionally want to make sure that we continue to stay within the guidance we provided relative to our ongoing R&D spend.
Andreas Fibig : On the former part of the question. They're seem to be about the Pharma recipients, businesses, is such as a very stable business. And it's predictable in the sense because you know, when you're in the product or in the pharmaceutical that you stay in because everything else would execute require a change that with the FDA that means that our customer base is very stable. So, there's probably no big groups that if we increase our capacity, that we have too much capacity in place.  We see as I said, good and stable demand. And despite the capacity on our manufacturing side, we had some issues with CB harvesting, which goes into one of the products of our big, big customers, which is -- I can give you,  are all one-to-one. And harvesting now is going better because we have new fields in front of Norway, which we're discovering right now and using much to increase our manufacturing on the side. So just to give you a bit of detail around the Pharma business but there's certainly no danger that the overbooking.
Operator: The next question comes from Ghansham Panjabi with BaGird, your line is open.
Mark : Hi, good morning. This is actually Mark Kreuer (ph) here, sitting in for Ghansham. Sorry to belabor the point a little bit here, but can you talk about where we are at from a price cost perspective across both the legacy IFF businesses and then the legacy Du Pont businesses, maybe on a dollar basis. That would be helpful. And then what's the historical price costs catch-up period for the 2 legacy businesses? Is there any meaningful difference in catch-up period across your various segments or regions?
Glenn Richter : Yeah, relative to -- good set of questions. It's relatively inflation, we're seeing higher rates in legacy N&B then IFF, although we're seeing inflation across all businesses. But generally, we're in mid-single-digit range for legacy IFF and then low double-digit relative to legacy N&B. Catch-up period, generally 3 to 6 months. Certain businesses like H&B may have slightly larger percentage that are either an annual contract or a multi-year, so they might be  slower.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Parkinson with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Chris Parkinson : Great. Thank you very much. Just based on the growth outlook for certain pieces of the acquired N&B assets, are there any parallels which may require additional capacity in the coming years just giving healthy outlooks? The legacy owner used to speak about some recent expansions already essentially being sold out, so just trying to gauge where the portfolio stands. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig : No. Thank you for the question. So, you will see probably the biggest expansion on our side on capacity in the health and bioscience area, in particular, on the enzyme business, where we believe that our technology is really top notch, and we see a huge demand from our customers as well. So, most of the investments goes into that area. We've seen some capacity increases, as we said on the Pharma business, but not to the same degree as on the IFF's Health & Biosciences business. The rest is basically a business that's usually on Scent and on Nourish, which is partly legacy N&B as well. But more, let's say, maintain than it is investment into new plans.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Your line is open.
Jonathan Feeney : Hi. Thanks very much for getting me in. Just a quick one. As the pricing process and your assessment of how easy that is to do, the dialogue, is there any significant difference in the acquired N&B businesses in the legacy businesses that you're running into? Because I did notice that it seems like the lag is a little bit greater in the segments that are heavier on acquired revenue, but there may be other ex-plant nations for that. So just curious about the general nature of the business. Is it tougher to take pricing there?
Glenn Richter : Well, I think one thing we have to consider is the legacy N&B businesses just has a higher ramp. So, the inflationary pressures are more significant in that side. So basically, it just requires, if you will, a bigger lift relative to the implementation from that standpoint.
Andreas Fibig : Absolutely.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. It is now my pleasure to hand the program back to A - Andreas Fibig for closing reQ - Marks.
Andreas Fibig : Thank you very much for participation. I hope that it helped to explain where we are. We are very pleased where we are in the integration process, and certainly with the volume performance we're doing as a Company, which is good. Thank you very much, and have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-06 15:03:04) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call .  I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call. Yesterday, we issued a press release announcing our second quarter financial results and outlook for 2021. A copy of the release can be found on our IR Web site at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. I ask that you please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance and business outlook. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors stated in yesterday's press release. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is available on our Web site. Please note that we'll be using combined historical results for the second quarter, defined as three months of legacy IFF results and three months of legacy N&B results. And for the first half 2021, defined as six months of legacy IFF, January to June and five months of legacy N&B, February to June, in both the 2020 and '21 periods to allow comparability in light of the merger completion on February 1, 2021.  With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rustom Jilla. We will begin with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have at the end. I would now like to turn the call over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I will begin today's call by providing an overview of our performance during the first half of 2021, followed by an update regarding our ongoing efforts to fully integrate the N&B business following the completion of the transaction in the first quarter of the year. Rustom will then provide a detailed review of our second quarter financials, highlighting segment level business performance and the market dynamics we saw in the quarter. Before we jump into the question-and-answer session, Rustom will also conclude with an overview of our expectations for the remainder of 2021. Now beginning with Slide 6, I would like to review our business highlights for the first half of the year. I'm pleased to report that IFF has delivered a strong performance in the second quarter, which is a robust acceleration versus our combined Q1 growth and through the first half of the year. As I've said before, execution is everything and IFS has delivered strong financial results, while advancing our ongoing integration efforts, following the completion of the N&B merger in February. In the first half of 2021, IFF achieved $5.6 billion in sales, representing 8% growth or 5% on a currency-neutral base. For comparable purposes and to reflect the portfolio differences between our peers, I want also to highlight that both businesses performed well with legacy IFF achieving a very strong high single digit growth rate with nearly 100 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion and legacy N&B growing in mid single digits. At the same time, we continue to operate in a challenging global environment, with significant headwinds in material cost and supply chain logistics. In the first half, combined EBITDA growth was a solid 6% and a combined EBITDA margin of 22.5%. Importantly, our strong free cash flow of $533 million enables IFF to maintain significant financial flexibility, including our efforts to de-lever. We remain on track to achieve our deleveraging targets of under 3 times by year three post transaction close, and we improved our net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA leverage from 4.3 times in the first quarter to 4.2 times in the second quarter. Finally, we are also well on track with integrating the N&B business and continue to realize synergies in line with our expectation for the transaction. As we sharpen the IFF portfolio, we continue to progress on the divestiture of our food preparation business, which we expect to be completed late in the third quarter or early fourth quarter. As I mentioned last quarter, the divestiture of this non-core business will create a more efficient IFF with an enhanced ability to grow and innovate across the key business segments. We are committed to ongoing active portfolio management and will continue to seek ways to increase value creation. Stepping back to reflect on the first half of the year. I'm very pleased with what we have been able to accomplish. We delivered strong sales growth, which is an acceleration versus historical performance for both legacy IFF and legacy N&B, in the midst of a transformational integration as well as a global pandemic. This is a validation of our strategy, motivates our team to continue defying industry expectations as we continue to see the benefits of our expanded product offering and capabilities. Long-term growth prospects of our business are strong, and we are making investments in capacity, R&D and plant technologies, as well as increasing inventory levels and incurring higher logistic costs to maintain our growth momentum in the interim, specifically in the N&B business, as we maximize our growth opportunities going forward. As we look to the third quarter and second half of 2021, our objectives are clear, build on this momentum while executing on our integration plans, allowing IFF to fully leverage our new capabilities and achieve our long-term expectations. Turning to Slide 7. I would like to briefly discuss the regional sales dynamics that influenced our results for the first half. Despite persisting global challenges and varied economic recoveries, we are pleased to report growth in each of our four key operating regions. In North America, we achieved growth in all of our business segments, led by a single digit growth in Scent, Nourish and H&B. Similar to the first quarter, our Asian markets continue to perform well, achieving a 5% increase in sales led by double digit growth in India and a mid-single-digit performance in China. While we had anticipated that growth would have been impacted in India due to COVID in the second quarter, the business was resilient and finished higher than we expected with strong double-digit growth in Q2. From a segment perspective, in Asia, strong increases across our Nourish, Scent and Pharma Solutions businesses all contributed to this sustained growth in this key region. Latin America, our strongest performing region, we achieved 12% sales growth, driven by double digit performance in nearly all of IFF business segments and underpinned by favorable currency movements and the impact in Brazil, Mexico and South Cone all achieved growth in the first half. We are particularly pleased to report that our EMEA region has impressively rebounded in the second quarter up to high single digits. We achieved a 2% increase in sales in the first half as COVID-19 related restrictions eased. Our Scent and Nourish business performed particularly well in Q2, both achieving double digit growth. Bearing any newly emerging COVID-19 challenges, we expect this growth to continue through the remainder of the year as global vaccination rates increase and Western and Central Europe continue to recover. Now turning to Slide 8. I will provide a more detailed look at our sales performance across IFF's key business segments through the first half of 2021, particularly those that significantly contributed to our overall 8% sales growth or 5% growth on a currency-neutral basis that I mentioned earlier. We are pleased to report solid growth across all of our four core divisions, Nourish, Health & Biosciences, Scent and Pharma Solutions. Nourish achieved currency neutral growth of 6%, driven by a strong performance in flavors, ingredients and food design. Similar to the first quarter, Scent remains our largest sales driver on a year-to-date basis, achieving 8% in currency neutral growth led by a strong performance in Fine Fragrance and Consumer Fragrance. Our Health & Biosciences business has returned to solid growth in the second quarter, following a challenging first quarter where sales were affected by COVID-19 pressures in microbial control and grain processing. While microbial control continues to be challenged, for the first half, we saw growth in grain processing, which showed a recovery in the second quarter as well as home and personal care cultures and food enzymes and animal nutrition. Finally, our Pharma Solutions business also delivered growth to the first half of 2021 against a strong year ago comparison. On Slide 9, I would like to discuss the underlying dynamics influencing each of our four segments in the first half. As I mentioned, we saw broad based growth in all Nourish categories, led by robust performance in flavors. Despite strong volume and continued cost discipline, higher raw material costs continue to affect margin when compared to the first half of 2020. However, on a year-over-year basis, EBITDA grew about 7%. Our Health & Biosciences businesses delivered growth in the first half, led by strong performance in Home & Personal Care and grain processing. This growth offsets COVID-19 related pressures in microbial control and a strong year ago comparable in health. Higher logistic costs related to capacity and strong demand impacted our margin. Nonetheless, we are encouraged by this performance and expect continued improvement as we move into Q3. Our leading growth and profitability driver, Scent, achieved an operating EBITDA margin increase of 170 basis points and absolute EBITDA grew nearly 20%. This was driven by a strong rebound in Fine Fragrances as retail channels continue to recover, continued strength in Consumer Fragrances and double digit growth in Cosmetic Actives. Scent also delivered strong profitability led by higher volumes, favorable mix and higher productivity, which we expect to continue through the remainder of the year. Lastly, in Pharma Solutions, the segment's 1% growth was driven primarily by improvements in industrials. So our margin was significantly challenged due to higher energy costs, lower manufacturing utilization and result in a weather related raw material shortages. Now on Slide 10 and 11, I would like to discuss our continued synergy progress in connection with our merger with N&B. From a revenue synergy perspective, we remain on track to meet our $20 million revenue synergy target this year. Coupled with continued demand and positive feedback from our customers, we are also confident in our ability to meet our 2024 run rate revenue synergy target of approximately $400 million. I would like to spend a moment highlighting how we realized this significant opportunity and share additional context on some of our recent wins. In only six months since completing the merger, we are already seeing strong affirmation in the opportunity before us. Our Home Care segment is a perfect example of how our expanded portfolio and combined capabilities with N&B delivers creative solutions for our customers and creates new opportunities for our business. Recently, our Health & Biosciences division saw an opportunity to collaborate with our Scent division, a global Scent customer expressed a need for enzyme technology and IFS capabilities across divisions allowed us to deliver an integrated solution and ultimately create a superior dishwashing detergent. Together with IFF's leading fragrance capabilities, our enzyme technology ensures fit-for-purpose delivery and performance, which creates a differentiated product for our customers. This opportunity represents more than $5 million in annual sales potential. At the same time, we're actively working with other customers across our IFF network to develop solutions that require capabilities across our four divisions. The food and beverage category, we continue to see demand for plant based meat alternatives that showcase the best of our expanded portfolio. For low sugar, low fat yogurt, we are introducing new flavor technologies with improved texture and speed to market, which are key advantages for our customers. Lastly, in our health category, we are developing an integrated solution for fiber gummy that leverages our unmatched scientific and technical expertise combined with our best-in-class flavor offering. These are just a few examples of the cross selling opportunities that we are seeing customers increasingly demand and differentiator for our business over the long term. We made significant strides in the second quarter from an integration perspective, ramping up our cost synergies from a few million dollars in the first quarter to a total of approximately $15 million on the first half basis. This was largely a result of the comprehensive savings program we have implemented in the second quarter, which allowed us to leverage our increased scale to reduce our indirect spend, benefit from various office consolidations and renegotiations and rightsize our organization. Additionally, because of our operational strengths and commitment to the integration process, early on, we were all able to accelerate exiting our various transition service agreements with DuPont. I'm very encouraged by the continued progress on this front, and we are on track to deliver at least $45 million cost synergies for the full year and ultimately, our three year run rate cost synergy target of $300 million. And now I will hand it over to Rustom.
Rustom Jilla: Thank you, Andreas. I will begin with an overview of our consolidated second quarter results on Slide 12. In Q2, IFF generated approximately $3.1 billion in sales, representing 13% year-over-year increase or 9% on a combined currency neutral basis, primarily driven by double digit growth in our Nourish and Scent divisions and a strong Health & Biosciences performance. Though our gross margin was pressured by higher input costs, raw materials and logistics inflation and higher air freight volumes, this was partly offset by our disciplined cost management practices, administrative expense reductions and cost synergies. This enabled us to deliver adjusted operating EBITDA growth of 7%. We also achieved strong adjusted earnings per share, excluding amortization of $1.50 for the second quarter. On Slide 13, I want to provide a perspective on sales performance in Q2 versus pre-COVID. There is no doubt that 2020 was an extraordinary year due to COVID-19, so it makes more sense to also evaluate our performance relative to 2019’s levels. And as you can see, all four divisions in the second quarter delivered strong sales growth as compared to the space period. Total company sales were up 8% on a two year basis with double digit growth in Nourish and Pharma Solutions, a high single digit increase in Scent and mid single digit growth in H&B. With the exception of a handful, all of our subcategories have grown relative to their pre-COVID levels. Most notably, we are pleased to report that those categories most impacted by COVID-19 are ahead of their respective Q2 2019 levels, including Cosmetic Active, which is up double digits; Fine Fragrance, which is up high single digits; and Grain Processing, which is up low single digits. Foodservice and microbial control, while we had strong growth in the second quarter of 2021, remain below Q2 2019 levels but we expect will continue to improve as we move forward. This performance underscores the strength and diversity of our portfolio as well as our position as an essential partner to our customers. Now on the next few slides, I will dive deeper into the second quarter financials of each of our four divisions. Beginning with Nourish on Slide 14. Sales for the division increased by 15% year-over-year or 11% on a currency neutral basis, driven by robust double-digit growth in Flavors, with Frutarom contributing to growth and a strong ingredients performance, particularly from our protein solutions, cellulosic, locus bean gum and food protection categories. Nourish also saw a strong rebound in food design, including a very strong 24% growth in foodservice as pandemic related restrictions continue to ease and consumer behavior in away from home channels continue to normalize. As I mentioned in the previous slide, higher raw material costs put relatively modest pressure on the margins at most of our individual segments, although we are pleased to have delivered adjusted operating EBITDA growth of 7%. Pricing continued to accelerate in Q2 and contributed over a percent of growth in the second quarter. As we will discuss later, we expect this will increase significantly in the third and fourth quarter as more of our pricing actions take hold. Turning to Slide 15. Our Health & Biosciences division saw year-over-year growth of 9% or 5% on a currency-neutral basis, led by double-digit growth in Home and Personal Care. As Andreas mentioned earlier, we are particularly encouraged by Health & Biosciences return to growth this quarter, led by our microbial control and grain processing categories strong recoveries and from the industrial and supply chain challenges related to COVID-19. Performance in our health category was challenged based on the particularly strong double digit probiotics year-over-year comparison, although this did not offset the rest to the segment's growth, and we remain confident in the health category’s trajectory moving forward. Health & Biosciences also delivered adjusted operating EBITDA growth of 5%. While you see that the division's margin was down this quarter, this was due to higher logistics costs in order to balance robust customer demand and available capacity. We have increased capacity investments in this business to support long term growth and invest in R&D and plant technology to increase output later this year. We are incurring significantly higher airfreight costs to maintain our growth momentum in the interim and this is impacting our EBITDA margin. Now turning to Slide 16 to discuss the results of our Scent division, which continued to be a standout growth contributor this quarter. Our Scent division generated $550 million in total sales, representing year-over-year growth of 16% or 13% on a currency neutral basis. Scent also achieved adjusted operating EBITDA growth of 34% with margin expansion of 300 basis points, driven by robust volume mix and productivity, which did offset some inflationary pressures. While Consumer Fragrances was down slightly this quarter against a very strong double digit year ago comparison, a significant rebound in Fine Fragrances, which grew by approximately 85%, led by new wins and improved volumes, more than offset Consumer Fragrance’s more modest performance due to last year's double digit growth. Our ingredients category also contributed to the division's strong performance, growing double digits, led by strong performance in Cosmetic Active and Fragrance Ingredients. Overall, we are extremely pleased with Scent's continued strong performance. Lastly, turning to Slide 17 to discuss Pharma Solutions. Currency neutral sales were flat against a strong year ago comparison with industrial Pharma the most significant performance driver for this division, led by Global Specialty Solutions. Core Pharma's performance was challenged against a very strong year ago comparison. On a two year basis, growth was solid at about 3.5%. Adjusted operating EBITDA was pressured this quarter with the margin decline due to higher energy costs and lower manufacturing utilization due to a couple of plant shutdowns as a result of weather related raw material shortages. Specifically, we had raw material availability issues related to the Midwest storm in the US earlier this year, which meant we were not able to run production and absorb our fixed costs. Going forward, the supply chain is improving, which we expect will lead to stronger margins in Pharma Solutions for the balance of the year. Now turning to Slide 18. I'd like to review our cash flow position, leverage dynamics for the first half of 2021, which remain a top priority as we continue to navigate a recovering global market. As you will see in the first half, IFF generated $533 million in free cash flow with free cash flow from operations totaling $698 million, driven by an improvement in core working capital. CapEx for the first half totaled $165 million or approximately 3% of sales as we continue to invest in growth accretive areas that we believe will ultimately prove rewarding over the long term as well as integration related activities. In the first half, we also delivered $274 million in dividends to our shareholders. As we look ahead, we are confident that our cash generation will remain robust, and have announced that we are raising our quarterly dividend, marking the 12th consecutive year of dividend increases. From a leverage perspective, our cash and cash equivalents finished at $935 million with gross debt holding steady at $12 billion. Our trailing 12 month credit adjusted EBITDA totaled $2.61 billion and our net debt to credit adjusted EBITDA was 4.2 times. We are slightly better than we expect to be at this point in time and we are still expecting to de-lever to below 3x net debt to EBITDA in the first three years post the transaction close. Now moving to Slide 19. I'd like to provide an update on our financial outlook for the full year 2021. IFF has built a solid foundation in the first half of the year and delivered particularly strong second quarter performance. And we expect strong growth will continue through the rest of the year. For the full year 2021, we are once again increasing our forecast for total revenues with an expectation to achieve 2021 total revenues of approximately $11.4 billion, which equates to about 7% growth. This is up from our previous $11.25 billion or 6% growth as we have confidence in our sales momentum continuing into Q3 and through the rest of the year. Breaking down the contributors of growth, we expect currency neutral sales to be about 5% and FX benefits to be approximately 2%. While pandemic related uncertainties persist, we are encouraged by the strong performance and important recoveries we are seeing across the business, which we believe position us well to capture continued strong sales growth in Q3 and Q4. At the same time, we now see full year 2021 adjusted EBITDA margin at about 22.5% versus approximately 23% previously. A part of this reduction is related to our margin performance in Q2 for all the reasons I explained earlier. We also continue to see inflationary pressures across the supply chain. From a raw material perspective, we have seen raw material costs continue to increase over the course of the year. In the first half, we are successful in raising our prices to recover a portion of the cost increases and continue to expect close to full cost recovery in the second half. It should be noted that we're also seeing more broad based non-raw material inflation, such as higher energy costs that we are managing through. Our expectations for airfreight has also increased significantly as rates are higher but mostly higher volumes to balance robust customer demand and available capacity. We are absorbing higher logistics costs to grow the business in the short term and expect this is only temporary until our capacity expansion projects are complete. The combination of unfavorable price to raw material costs and higher logistics costs are negatively impacting operating margin in 2021 by more than 100 basis points. However, through higher sales, strong cost discipline and our focus on unlocking additional cost synergies, we believe we will end up only about 50 basis points lower than our previous expectations with higher revenues and a roughly similar dollar EBITDA level. For modeling purposes, please note that depreciation and amortization, interest expense, CapEx as a percentage of sales, adjusted effective tax rate, excluding amortization and weighted average diluted share counts, all remain the same as what we shared in Q1. Overall, we are confident that we are well placed to continue capturing additional growth over the next two quarters and beyond, while maintaining our focus on execution, continued financial discipline and leveraging our significantly bolstered resources and expertise as a stronger, more diversified company. Now I'd like to turn the call back to Andreas who will provide some closing remarks before we open the line for our question-and-answer session.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rustom, and thanks again to all of joining us today. Before I wrap up today's call, I would like to first recognize our thousands of employees around the world who continue to display their unwavering commitment to serve our customers, unify our teams together with N&B and deliver for our communities. Despite the uncertain environment that we have continued to navigate, IFF's first half and Q2 results showcased the strengths of our combined portfolio and our ability to execute our ambitious business objectives. And I'm incredibly proud to lead such a talented and passionate group of IFF-ers. We have much to be proud of this quarter as we move ahead. I'm confident that we have built the financial and operational structures needed for our combined company to reach even greater heights. As Rustom and I have mentioned, we are targeting a strong full year performance, indicative of our post pandemic aspirations and I know we are exceptionally positioned to achieve this. And we are seeing the strong top line momentum continue in the early days of the third quarter. Together, we will further our mission to be an innovative force for good and redefine what it means to be a leader in a global value chain for consumer goods and commercial products. With that, I would like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator:  And we'll take our first question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: I guess the question is more around sales guidance. So I guess, why not raise more considering the strong second quarter result? Obviously, comparisons remain favorable over the back half of the year. Rustom talked about incremental pricing. So maybe if you could just talk about that generally? And then related to that, was there any borrowing in 2Q from the back half of the year? Is that something that we should listen for watch for kind of thing and how do you think about that? And then on pricing, how do you think about the increase in pricing, which seems to be much more around the DB portfolio and thinking about the elasticity there relative to the legacy business?
Andreas Fibig: Let me get started on it, and then Rustom is talking about the pricing. So first of all, your second question, there's no borrowing from the third quarter for the second quarter. I think that's important. Number two is what is driving us and the strong performance in the second quarter and also the start into the third quarter, because July we had the sales already. So it's a strong win rate. It's a very robust demand we are seeing. In some areas, it is also a superior technology, in particular in parts of the enzyme business and a really good R&D pipeline here as well. So the question now is why we are not going higher. Look, it's a  environment for us right now and as for everybody else. So we have now the COVID Delta variant. And we said, look, let's be careful here what we do, we’re not getting ahead of our skis here and make sure that we have a very realistic target on the sales side. And Rustom, if you could talk a bit about volume and pricing that would be probably helpful.
Rustom Jilla: Look, our focus on the second half is on ensuring that we achieve the pricing needed to recover raw material and logistics costs. We do recognize we had very strong growth in Q2, predominantly volume driven. But also, I mean, there is uncertainty out there with Delta COVID, as you heard. So we've calibrated our guidance. We think appropriately to manage performance, risk and the need for pricing. And the composition is a bit different of our first half and second half growth. I mean in the second half, we're expecting that, on average, pricing will contribute close to 2.5 points of growth with volumes at a similar level. So this is all without FX of course.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Sison with Wells Fargo.
Michael Sison: Andreas, just curious, you sounded pretty positive on the sales synergy momentum that the teams are putting together. Any thoughts or any changes in the contribution potential in '22 and maybe even the second half of this year?
Andreas Fibig: Mike, so we are very, very confident that we achieved what we have set for this year. Second year, we will see how the run rate turns out. I'm very impressed actually what the teams are doing. I'll give you a couple of examples. I did know since we are going a little bit lighter on the pandemic. I did a good trip in the US and in Europe actually twice. And I saw what the power is combining, let’s say, an ingredient sale with a flavor sale. So I'm really optimistic that we are, let's say, are moving in the right direction. But it's probably too early to raise the forecast already for next year. That might be in the next call where we can take a very detailed look. The most important thing for me is how natural the teams are already combining ingredients at Flavors, for example, and what kind of opportunities we have in areas like the Home Care with superior edition washing detergents, for example, and in the health area as well, which were not so much on our forefront when we started this all endeavor. And that's really good. So I'm optimistic but it's probably too early to raise it right now. Okay, Mike?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: So I wanted to ask a little bit more about Health & Biosciences. I know you had previously talked about capacity constraints in that business due to elevated demand. So maybe I was expecting higher growth in that segment because of this, but I wonder if your capacity constraints sort of limited the growth potential this particular quarter? And if you think growth should accelerate in the back half or if there's any other color you can provide sort of within the various subsegments within Health & Biosciences to help us think about the business going forward?
Andreas Fibig: Absolutely, Faiza, and that's a very core part of our portfolio. And we see for almost all the enzyme categories, we see a really robust demand and in some areas, really our superiority in technology as well. So answering your question, we had probably more demand than we could satisfy. And our priority right now in this business is actually to debottleneck some of our manufacturing parts, investing in more, let's say, manufacturing lines and making sure that in the next, let's say, 12 to 15 months, we are really able to deliver the strong demand here. So indeed, we had more demand than we could deliver and we are working now really 24/7 to make sure that we have the appropriate capacity. I don't know, Rustom, whether you want to add anything?
Rustom Jilla: I mean, look, strong demand in enzymes has led to the tight capacity in the short term. But to be clear, capacity is not a medium or long term constraint. And Andreas covered everything else.
Faiza Alwy: Just to be clear then …
Operator: And we'll take our next question from…
Andreas Fibig: Operator, Faiza, if you want to jump back on the line that would be great, you cut out .
Faiza Alwy: I thought you guys were moving on to the next question. But I just wanted to clarify the capacity constraints aren't going to be listed in the back half, it's more of a longer term solution. So more thinking ahead to 2022. Is that the right way to think about it?
Andreas Fibig: Yes, some of it in the fourth quarter but most the bulk of it in 2022. Yes, absolutely.
Operator: We’ll go next to John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: You mentioned active portfolio management. Do you anticipate any more significant divestments to accelerate debt reduction?
Andreas Fibig: I would say, at the moment, we're working hard to look at what we do with our portfolio. It's probably too early to say something more in detail. Yes, that's probably, and I don't know Rustom, if you want to say anything?
Rustom Jilla: No, I wouldn't add anything.
John Roberts: Secondly, there's continued to be some turnover among the senior management team. How concerned should we be about that?
Andreas Fibig: Look, we are always concerned if we have a turnover on the management team. So far, I think we keep it in a way that we make sure that we are really firing on all cylinders and that we find the right people. Because it's a big task we have here right now on one hand, delivering on our numbers, integrating the businesses and then we are still in the pandemic, which makes it not easier. But in general, I think we have it very well under control. And as you can see, most of these units are performing actually very, very, very well and we expect the same actually for the third quarter as well.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein.
Gunther Zechmann: A couple of questions, please. Firstly, on raw materials. You continue to guide for 5% for this year. Is that sort of time of the year where you start supply negotiations for next year as well? How should we think about that more like a two year stack of 5% each, or what do you see in those negotiations, please? And then secondly, on the Nourish and the strong growth there. It's quite remarkable, not just the growth in itself but also versus Sivanto and Symrise that you outperformed. And I appreciate there's been one extra working day in that, but that still outperformed. So can you talk about the sustainability of growth versus peers going forward and what's driven the outperformance in the quarter? How much of that is just food services and portfolio mix and how much is win rates, please?
Rustom Jilla: Andreas, you want to take that and then I'll …
Andreas Fibig: Let me get started. So yes, we are very optimistic on the Nourish right now, also in comparison to some of our peers. And there's a lot of good wins coming in, very strong wins, particularly on the flavor side, and it's really good for what we see the pipeline is pretty filled. We see as well that now having the ingredients helps us to open up customers for flavors, because you do always with the CPGs, first, the ingredient sales and then the flavor sales. And the dynamic right now is if we see an ingredient sales, we try to cross sell already the flavors, which is working actually quite nicely. So win rates are really good and strong. The demand is very, very robust, what we see as well. And we started being very short term, strong because Nourish as well, actually super strong into the third quarter. And Rustom, if you could talk about the raw mats, that will be really good.
Rustom Jilla: Actually, we're looking at closer to about 5.5% now. We've seen continued inflation in logistics and in raw materials. So yes, we have started the Nigerias getting close to starting negotiations and working on all of that. But Gunther, at this point in time, we are not seeing any deceleration in inflation. In fact, if anything, we're seeing it continuing and exacerbating, in general. It actually has a -- there's another impact to this as well, because even when we recover 100% of the cost increases, I mean that does push down our operating margin. And you can actually go and take the -- just do the math, anyone interested. You go back and pick a number, even add like $225 million of cost and $225 million of price recovery to our 2020 results and keep everything else unchanged, and that alone takes about 50 basis points of our operating margin, that's just pure math. So I mean there's different factors in here.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So I was hoping maybe it kind of ties off the last question, but maybe thinking a little bit longer term. How do we think about the cost pressures and inflation this year? You're going after pricing aggressively to recover that. How do we think about that impacting some of the -- or the trajectory impacting the medium term targets around revenue growth, around EBITDA margins by 2023? Did it have any impact in terms of the timing of synergy capture over the next 12 to 24 months? Because I know procurement was a big part, a big bucket in terms of the targeted cost synergies. I'm just trying to think about how the experience this year and some of the market dynamics at play impact the forward trajectory?
Andreas Fibig: And I have to say that was a big focus for our team right now to look because we didn't get the procurement savings in the second quarter we wanted, and probably not in the third. So we shifted actually pretty agile, the way how we deliver the synergies. So it was more cost out in particular in terms of headcount in other areas as well. And we are now planning for next year getting more of the synergies from procurement and then certainly in 2023 because, at some point in time, it will ease. So I think we did a good job to just, let's say, reachc shift where we get it from. On the revenue growth, before I hand it over to Rustom on EBITDA, it is certainly positive because you will see also carryover effect into next year on the sales line if you have raised the prices, which is good and good to see for us. But I guess everybody in that marketplace is doing it right now. But Rustom, if you can talk about the cost pressures, in general? How you see it and the EBITDA margin.
Rustom Jilla: Like I said, I mean, the impact of the -- even with full recovery, it depresses our operating margin. If you look at some of the other factors we're getting this year, it's not so bad, like capacity expansion projects as we talked about with Pfizer, they come online in 2022. So the negative air freight impact that we are seeing will go away when you think by the time you come into 2023. And yes, so we recognize the 26% numbers a little further away from where it is right now compared to when we are there. But as we started, it's three year number and we are committed to it. And what we're looking at is so far this year we've got stronger sales. And as you can see, slightly lower op margin than we expected.
Andreas Fibig: Actually a good point Rustom is making, because a big portion of it is driven by airfreight. And as soon as we have enough capacity available, we will reduce the airfreight quite significantly, which is super helpful on the cost side as well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Why were Scent margins up year-over-year and Nourish margins down? Was it that Scent had a better pricing dynamic or is there some other factor, and how large is the fruit preparations business?
Rustom Jilla: So let me take the part of that. So most of the cost increases that the raw material draft cost increases that we've seen coming through and are still coming through are impacting Nourish. I mean if you think about $220 million-ish sort of cost hit that we're having right now, a part of which is freight rates, not the freight volume that Andreas and I talked about, but freights. Probably close to 80% is impacting Nourish. And it's a few specific areas, it's soy meal, soy protein, that's the biggest one that we see there. There's LBK, lotus bean kernel that's very close behind. And then there's also like vegetable oils, propylene glycol, stuff like that. I mean the Scent business, the impact turpentine cedarwood, it's there, and it's coming in, but it's coming in more in the back half of the year as opposed to the first half of the year, and it was smaller compared to Nourish. Nourish is where we had the biggest impact. So that's what you're really seeing driving the business there.
Jeff Zekauskas: And the fruit preparation business, how big is that?
Rustom Jilla: That's a small business. I don't know if we've -- the seller wanted us to disclose that, so I won't. But we have been talking, it's a very small and sub-$100 million. How is that…
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: I guess first thing was just with the comments that you expect legacy IFF to be up double digits for the balance of the year, which is really impressive set of expectations. I think it would imply that the N&B side of the house would be decelerating pretty considerably. I mean it sounds like that might be due to the capacity constraints. But I was just curious if you could comment on that first?
Andreas Fibig: Rustom, you want to take it?
Rustom Jilla: Actually, the comment is that in Q2, heritage IFF currency neutral growth was low double digits and in Q2, N&B's current leg heritage N&B’s currency neutral growth was mid single digits. I mean I think that's -- so I mean I thought perhaps it was it, Andreas?
Andreas Fibig: No, actually, look, what we see is we'll recover in the second half in pharma, because we are recovering some of it through all the cold snap we had in the Midwest. So that will come back but probably not to the degree we have to demand. And on the Health & Bioscience piece, it's certainly driven by our manufacturing capacity, which is limited but also with higher comps we will see for the last two quarters. So we will see how it goes. We are very careful here on this side but it will be more positive than what we have seen in the first quarter. Certainly, we saw already an acceleration in the second quarter and it will go in the right direction. So we are observing it quite carefully. What I can tell you also in the third quarter, the legacy N&B businesses had a pretty strong start. And then certainly, part of it is in the Nourish business as well and reflected in the Nourish numbers, in particular, the Ingredients business, we should not underestimate that. And by the way, having you on, I hope you have seen the really strong performance of Fine Fragrances, which are really going in the right direction, helping with the mix on the Scent side quite significantly.
Lauren Lieberman: Yes, absolutely. And I also know that IFF has had a number of the big new launches in the industry or IFF perfumer work. So I've definitely seen that. I had one more question, though, on the capacity additions and that you're still going a little bit about so far. I was curious to the degree as you've now gotten further in with the N&B business, if it feels like perhaps that's been a bit underinvested and whether it was in the 12 to 15 months prior to deal close or even before that, because the need to be investing in CapEx, the call out of higher than expected logistics separate from rate. But just again, because of these capacity airfreight and so on suggests that there's something there. So just curious about that. Are you yet to a point where this could be a multiyear period of investment in capacity, not just one year you've got the cash flow but just curious about that.
Andreas Fibig: No, it's a good point, Lauren. And I would say there are two things which come together. One is the very robust demand and a lot of wins we had in particular on the enzyme piece and that came a bit of a surprise to the unit. So that's where we need some investment here to deliver on it. I would not say it was underinvested but it was probably also through the pandemic, not on the real time horizon. We could have had some of the expansion already probably six months earlier than we would be in a better position. But it is as it is. And we have now adapted our CapEx plan going forward that we can deal with these, let's say, shortages quite nicely over the next, I would say, 15 months. The positive for me is that demand is very robust. And the other positive is that we see some superiority of our products in that market, which is really good. And there's something which we haven't talked too much because it might be more midterm but the R&D pipeline, in particular, what comes from N&B is super strong and it will help us with our wins going forward. I don't know, Rustom, do you have anything to add?
Rustom Jilla: I guess, Andreas, I mean just think -- Lauren, it is a little bit of multiyear. I mean we're probably going to spend about another $450 million in total, but it's actually good. We can use more. We've got good strong business. I mean, I view this as a positive and we have the cash flow and so we're going to use it.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi: Andreas, just kind of thinking about your portfolio at this point. Obviously, mobility is starting to directionally improve globally and you're seeing the impact on Food Service and Fine Fragrances and some other businesses. On the same token, you're seeing CPG companies talk about moderation at volumes, whether it's food or just consumer products more broadly. So how do you see those dynamics sort of netting out for IFF as we progress over the next couple of quarters? Do you see categories that are starting to moderate? And if so, would that affect the sales growth that you're anticipating at this point?
Andreas Fibig: I would say if I go to the different categories, we see still strong demand for Fine Fragrances. And this is not just driven by the robust demand right now but also by our win rate. We are winning more than our fair share and that's very, very helpful. Consumer Fragrance, here, I would say, in general, for the market, you see a moderation and that's what you hear in the market from the big CPGs as well. But again, we are in the good position or lucky position that we are on all the core lists we wanted to be. And then we talked over the last couple of quarters about the street callers we made a year and half ago and they are really contributing. So that's helpful for us. But in general, we see some moderation. Another one is active cosmetics. We see a big, big and strong growth going forward. On Health & Bioscience, I would say, very strong in Home and Personal Care, but more driven by our wins and our technology than by the whole market. So that's what I would say. And then grain processing and microbial control are coming back out of, let's say, modest performance in last year. And animal nutrition is pretty good as well. On the Nourish side, I would say we haven't seen any slowing down of demand. And that might be also driven because we are now in a unique position that we can offer from the ingredient, to the flavor, to the total solution that we are in a different position than many of our competitors and that helps us actually to position us in the right way. So answering your question is we see some markets, we see the market's moderation, but not too much for us because of the position where we're in right now. So that will be my overall comment.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mark Connelly with Stephens Inc.
Mark Connelly: Andreas, when you think about COVID reopening, what are the big opportunities if we continue to move along? And what are the risks if we all start to mask up and away from home dining gets hit. I'm just trying to get a sense of where you are ex health and wellness, because as you just point out, you're in a very different position than you were when we went into COVID?
Andreas Fibig: I would say, if we're starting to close down, again, if the delta variants really proving dangerous for us. I would say the food service is the only business I could think of right now, which could be impacted, maybe fine fragrance. But what we have seen is much more online usage but these are the two categories where I see an impact, or a negative impact. On the other hand, if the close down comes, I would say that Consumer Fragrances, in particular, in terms of the health and the hygiene products, are going up. And as you said, on the health side as well because people are trying to fortify their food, trying to be healthy, getting more probiotics in. And so I would say we have at least as many opportunities as we have risk to another close down. So that's how I would describe it for now.
Operator: And we'll take our next question  with Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: Just quickly, you had good growth in Scent, particularly 85% growth in Fine Fragrance. Are you back to pre-pandemic levels in Fine Fragrance? And was there any inventory building in the Fine Fragrance channel that we should think about?
Andreas Fibig: We are even outperforming our 2019 number. And this quarter will show whether there's an inventory building or not because now they're starting to order for the Christmas business. And so far, it's a strong start into the third quarter. So I would say not so much inventory building and then there's an extra effect on our side for Fine Fragrances that we are winning really a lot of business and a lot of good fragrances as well, which are very nicely marketed. So that's how I would describe it. I don't know, Rustom, anything to add from your side?
Rustom Jilla: No, that covered it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America.
Matthew DeYoe: So questions for you on the margin and margin outlook. I guess, first, what happened to pharma cost? Can you dig in a little bit more on that? It seems like you're blaming, Yuri, but that was mid-February. And so how do you improve from there going forward, at what rate do we climb out of this hole? And then if I look at the 100 basis points of margin hit you mentioned, Rustom. Can you break that down a little bit between what would be raw material energy inflation type stuff that the whole industry would be experiencing? And maybe what percent of that 100 basis points is unique to IFF given air freighting capacity issues, outages, et cetera?
Rustom Jilla: So let me do the first one. I mean, yes, it came from the February outages but there's still been problems with the suppliers and the force majeure type situations, with methachloride. And it shut down two of our plants temporarily during the period, which meant that it's a pity because we could have sold every single thing we produced, obviously, and then we also had underutilization. So that's what came through there. If I was to roughly look at the break in general, at the percentages in general between raw material and freight about, call it, 85% or so of the total comes from raw material increases and about 15% from freight. But interestingly, freight is a much smaller portion. If you break up that 5.5% that we talked about, the material cost impact is probably about 5% inflation we're seeing. I'm rounding all these numbers. And the freight rate increase is probably about 8% and may even be slightly higher with the way that's going. I mean containers are 3 times to 4 times sea freight as high as they've been. And also, there's one more complication even when we have contracted rates we and many others experienced, there's lots of delays going on and stuff. So we sometimes book -- we can't get the stuff on the contracted rate still much later and have to pick spot rates. And we’re also forced sometimes to look at different modes of transport from a reliability perspective. So a lot's going on there.
Operator: And there appears to be one last question. We'll take our final question from Lisa De Neve with Morgan Stanley.
Lisa De Neve: Two questions from me, and then follow-up. So back to the Scents and care business, I mean, you delivered very strong margins. Can you share to which extent this was related to favorable product mix towards Fine Fragrance and Active, and how we expect this to trend in second half given raw materials were kicking in a little bit more meaningfully? But at the same time, you did mention you were still going to see relatively good demand for Fine Fragrance. That's my first question. The second one, early in the presentation, you mentioned that in the second half, you may see a fairly similar contribution from pricing, about 2.5% and 2.5% from volumes. And I'm just trying to understand why you're being so cautious on the volume side, or maybe I just misunderstood this.
Andreas Fibig: Rustom, can you take it?
Rustom Jilla: I mean on the volume side, I mean, our focus in the second half is on ensuring that we get pricing to recover raw material costs. We're trying to recover close to 100%, and that is really important to being able to the EBITDA and the numbers there. And we did have very strong growth in Q2, predominantly volume driven. And so what we've -- our guidance, Lisa, in the second half is sort of we're trying to guide to manage performance, risk and the need for pricing again. So that's really what you're seeing over there. And on the first part of your question, I mean, yes, for the Scent business, the margin expansion was really driven by the mix for sure. I mean, for sure. I mean when you have Fine Fragrances going up 85%, that's tremendous. So it was mixed but there's also volume growth, in general. I mean you've seen Cosmetic Active was super as well and then productivity, and that offset inflationary pressures and costs which you're seeing there as well. And in the second half, we'll see more costs coming the way of the Scent business, not on the scale of nourishing what we've seen. Anything to add there, Andreas?
Andreas Fibig: No, I think you captured it very, very well. I just want to make a general remark on mix. Obviously, we try for all businesses now to push basically all the parts of the portfolio, which have the higher profitability and the higher growth areas, which over time should really help us with mix. And I think what you see with Scent, it's something which is a very positive driver for our profitability going forward.
Operator: There are no further questions. I will turn the call back over to Andreas for any closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you. We are incredibly proud on the second quarter because, again, as we said, first of all, we delivered strong growth, even in comparison to 2019, which is real good parameter here. Secondly, we’re integrating well with the N&B business and we do it in time of a pandemic. And I think, again, I would like to use the time to congratulate all of our teams around the globe for what they have accomplished. And I think it’s not an easy task and everybody did really as best and that’s where IFF stands for. Thank you for that, and talk to most of you later. Thank you guys. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes today’s program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-11 16:48:05) =====
Operator: I would like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's first quarter 2021 conference call. Yesterday evening, we issued a press release announcing our financial results for the first quarter as well as our outlook for the full 2021. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. I ask that you please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements.
.:
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike and thank you to everyone for joining us today. I will begin today's call by providing an overview of our first quarter results including a review of our performance by region and segment. I would also like to share with you an update regarding our efforts to integrate DuPont N&B business, which continues to progress well, following the completion of our transaction in February. Rustom will then provide a more detailed financial review of the business highlighting segment level business dynamics and performance and cover cash flow and leverage as well. IFF is off to a strong start in 2021, and I'm confident that the momentum we have built will continue for the remainder of the year and beyond.  Now beginning with slide 6, I would like to review our performance and notable developments in the first quarter. We achieved 3% and combined sales growth or 1% on currency neutral basis compared to the first quarter of 2020. Also, because of our change to a fiscal calendar, rather than a traditional 445 calendar, we have had less two days less in first quarter. If we were to normalize for that our combined currency neutral growth in the first quarter would also have been approximately 3%. And on a two year average basis to factor in our strong 7% year ago comparison growth would be strong at approximately 5%. 
Rustom Jilla: Thank you, Andreas. First, let me go a bit deeper into our consolidated financial results. In the first quarter IFF generated 2.5 billion in sales, a 3% combined year-over-year increase including foreign exchange benefits, or up 1% on a currency neutral basis, primarily led by strong performances in our scent and pharma solutions division. As you may recollect from 2021 onwards, we are applying prior year average FX rates to our currency or non-US dollar revenues to derive currency neutral growth rates. This is the more common practice and makes us more comparable to our competitors.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you Rustom and thanks again to all for joining us today. I would like to wrap up today's call by first giving an enormous thank you to our 1000s of employees around the world who have worked tirelessly over the last quarter to successfully execute our business initiatives, deliver for our customers and achieve solid top and bottom line business results. All while making exceptional strides integrating and envy to the IFF family. It has truly been a busy quarter and we all have much to be proud of especially as this all was accomplished during a global pandemic. Looking beyond our solid Q1 financial results, I want to re emphasize the important first step that we took in tightening our business and optimizing our portfolio strategy by agreeing to diversify our food preparation business. By diversifying this non core business IFF will be more efficient organization with a great capacity to focus on growth and innovation across our key businesses, ultimately generating greater value for our shareholders. As we enter Q2 together, we're confident that we have the right team and the right structures in place to ensure that our newly combined company will meet all financial operational goals. As I mentioned, we are targeting strong year-over-year financial improvements with accelerated test scores over the coming quarters backed by our commitment to delivering industry leading innovative products and services to our customers around the world. And as Rustom stated, we are pleased that we have started Q2 strong and optimistic that our full second quarter sales growth should be in a highest single digit range. I'm tremendously proud of all we have accomplished and I firmly believe that the best is yet to come by taking each and every learning from the N&B integration process to create a stronger, more agile and diversified company that defines the future of our industry and showcase what it means to be a leading ingredients and solutions partner.  With that I would like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator:  We will take our first question from Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Michael Sison: Nice start to the year. In slide 8, I thought that was really helpful. You do show some businesses at that 4% to 5% sales growth range. If you think about you have owned the business for about three months now. Can you maybe talk about what needs to happen to the other businesses below that 4% to 5% and your confidence since you've owned the business now that you can get each of these product lines sort of in that range over the next couple years?
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you Mike for the question. Yes, first of all I think that we really expect that the growth will accelerate over the course of the year. And that's driven as Rustom said as well was a good start into the second quarter, which was actually the first quarter was our toughest comparison. So that's the reason why we raised our sales expectations for the year. I think that's important. So now coming to the different parts of the business. I would say first of all we see if you look at the scent business unit, the real good recovery on fine fragrances which is really fantastic in the first quarter and also starting the second quarter which is good. We see still a great growth on cosmetic actives. So that's basically super important for us as well and the consumer fragrances stay on elevated level. If you go to the health and bioscience business, you see a couple of elements. You see that health and the conscious and food enzyme business should grow mid single digits. And you will see a recovery of the microbial control business, which was very much hurt by the situation last year. So that's important as well. And then on the Nourish side, very solid performance on taste, in particular, the legacy flavors doing very well. But on the new parts, protein solutions, via alternative proteins are doing going very well. And then you will see a turnaround in the food service as well in the countries and economies are opening up. And that's probably a general remark. We have seen good growth as you've seen in the presentation and most of the regions but in Europe, and Europe will turn around as soon as these economies are opening up after the pandemic as well. So I hope, Mike, that gives you a bit more color here.
Operator: We will take our next question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Please go ahead. 
Mark Astrachan: Yes, thanks. And morning, everyone. 
Andreas Fibig: Morning.
Mark Astrachan: I guess, broader question. It's something that we hear probably most frequently from folks out there asking about your company is why what gives confidence that IFF can sustain the share gains implied by the 4% to 5% currency neutral, long term targets that you have when growth has been below peers in recent years even adjusting for FX changes and I guess related to that first quarter growth was below peers who also had tough comparisons not as tough as yours, but still tougher comparison. So what gives confidence that you can see an acceleration applied by the guidance over balance of the year as well as long term? And I want to just kind of squeeze in a related question which is just how do we measure or how do you measure maybe your peer performance? What does the group did you use to measure your fair performance versus peers and traditionally, it's been summarized now, who should we all be paying attention to? Thank you. 
Andreas Fibig: So let me start with the last question first. I think you are basically named all the companies which are relevant for us, maybe you should put carry in the mix as well, in particular for food service and some of the ingredients. And then you have actually a very nice peer group together. So what we want to do on the midterm is actually what we are doing, we have done completely a strategic assessment of all the categories where we believe that we have gross and margin potential. We certainly will emphasize in terms of our resources behind these categories. Some of these categories are just for example, on health, like the probiotics business, for example, where we put good resources behind to make sure that we can outgrow the competition here. And I think if you look at the start of into the year it's 3% of gross, if you adjust for the days, and there was a very strong comparison with 7% in the last year. So we are actually quite happy with the start and we have seen some of the portfolio pieces are performing very well. Like the flavors business is coming well. You see it in the everything which is plant based and protein related, and we see some that's a turnaround as well. And I mentioned before when Mike Sison asked on the microbial control which is coming back. We see the food service business are coming back. These are all good signals that we own a really solid track now to accelerate our growth and that's the reason why we said we raised our expectation for the rest of the year. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning everyone.
Andreas Fibig: Morning. 
Adam Samuelson: So I was hoping to ask about some of the color on raw materials and costs trends. Obviously, a very dynamic raw material environment the note the increases in trade are noted. Just trying to make sure I understand kind of the magnitude of how much that has increased relative to your initial look at the year provided a few months ago? How much incremental price you're calling for or expecting and reformulation and how we think we end the year on that kind of price cost balance?
Rustom Jilla: Right. Adam its Rustom. Let me take that question. So we started 2021 expecting our inflation to be low single digits, okay, with some modest increases, mostly offset by cost declines. But since then we've seen some large increases in raw materials. We've talked about them soy, bean on a whole bunch of them. Also higher freight costs due to sharply increased rates, plus higher air freight volume in specific areas where we have strong demand in a couple of inventory and supply chain challenges. But in any case, to answer your last part of your question we do not expect raw material and logistics inflation combined to be in the mid single digits this year. And obviously this requires us to go back to our customers. 
Operator: And we will move next with John Roberts with UBS. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys, this is Lucas on for John. Thanks for the lining on the website for the four segments the extra details, they were quite helpful. So on the fifth one on R&D could you provide some breakdowns of the new R&D budget? Do you spend roughly the same percent of sales for each segment? And how much of the R&D is centralized versus how much is in control of the four segments? Thanks.
Andreas Fibig: Lucas thank you for the question. So the combined company budget for R&D is approximately $620 million is about 5.5% of our annual sales. And we are certainly a leader in terms of R&D within the industry. What we have done is we went through all the different categories and technologies and look where we can put actually the best R&D dollars behind. So we’re vitalizing our investment towards the highest return opportunities. And that means that we spend actually a fair amount of money on health and bioscience. I think that's very-very important. So the biotech area is one of the main investment areas for example, probiotics, enzymes, and cultures just to name one. And then we have certainly a centralized R&D approach and we have probably at least half of it on the centralized R&D and the rest goes into application and application lapse. But as I said, the big piece of our investment goes into the biotech area, which I think is super important for our customers and certainly for the development of some of our technologies going forward. I hope that helps.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Faiza Alwy: Yes. Hi. Good morning. So I wanted to ask about we're in a time when a lot of CPG companies are looking to reduce their COGs . And I know for legacy flavors and fragrances business these only comprise about 2% to 5% of COGs. So often we've seen customers leaning in on these ingredients to differentiate their products while cutting some more expensive items or more expensive, maybe active ingredients. But how should we think about the sort of in context of the combined business, can be used to lower other more expensive ingredients, but just would be great to get some more color from you on this. And if there are any sort of early examples of how IFF is being impacted so far by your customers need to lower costs, and if there are any sort of areas of the business that stand to benefit versus those that stand to get hurt. Thanks.
Andreas Fibig: Faiza, good question. And it ties very well with the R&D question previously. So certainly we are not just offering, let's say the flavors and fragrances. So we have now a much broader set of technologies and innovative solutions. So we can play with it. And that can first of all differentiators in the marketplace, but also can help to reduce costs. For example, on the legacy IFF side we can partner with our customers. We formulate allowing to reduce the cost for example we can use our modulation technology for that to reduce costs for sweeteners in their products. But also in terms of our new platforms we have now really the leading biotech platform. And that gives us really endless opportunities to use fermentation technology, reduce input costs, and basically create some of the ingredients via biotech pathways. So actually bringing everything together gives us a very synergistic approach to help our customers not just to find super innovative solutions which are helping them to win their own clients and customers but also reduce costs. I think we are in a very-very good spot and position here.
Operator: We will take our next question from Matthew Deyoe with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Matthew Deyoe: Hi, yes. So I made some comments about India exposure and the legacy NMB business on its 1Q earnings call. Just kind of wondering if you could walk through what your exposure is to India and what you're seeing there. Is it the commentary made it seem like there was some elevated exposure perhaps it's relative to their current portfolio, but we did receive a number of questions it into the quarter. 
Andreas Fibig: Yes, Matt, thank you for the question on India. We're probably 1% to 5% of our business in India. Actually, the Q1 was up double digit. So it was a very good performance. And it's interesting that you're asking it because it's such a desperate situation in terms of the pandemic right now. So I talk on a regular basis with our country manager and we haven't seen any slowdown of the business which is kind of interesting, but we are cautious with India. So far we haven't seen any negative impact on the business. But we are cautious and the business has won about 5% of our total business. 
Operator: We will move next with Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Please go ahead. 
Ghansham Panjabi: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Andreas as vaccines get deployed and mobilities improved in regions such as the U.S. and China, are you seeing a related increase in new product development at the customer level as they sort of position for perhaps a broader recovery? And then also separately to clarify, in the early question raw material cost inflation what are the positive offsets as it relates to the updated EBITDA guidance, given your cost inflation has been raised from the low to mid single digits? Thanks so much.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Let me get started and then I hand it over to Rustom for the raw material part. So we see more demands coming in from all our customers which is really good. So new product development is happening. And we don't see it just with our big customers. We see it with some of the small customers coming back as well which is I think it's a good and excellent sign. And we see it in many of our categories, even on the fine fragrance side, which has shown actually very strong development in the first quarter, and a good start or excellent start into the second quarter as well. So short answer, yes, we see an uptick our second part of it, and we see it all with smaller customers as well. Rustom if you go on the raw material.
Rustom Jilla: Yes. Absolutely. So we do expect negative pressure on our gross margin this year. And that's because it takes a stain to go back to our customers. So students have the additional pricing discussions and all the rest of it. So we do not expect to be able to in this fiscal year to be able to recover the full extent of the raw material increases that we're seeing and we envisage okay. However, I mean, we do have positives. We do have positives coming from FX coming through. We do have positives from higher sales volumes. And we do have the positives from lower RSA as a percentage of sales. So on a operating margin perspective that reduces the negative down quite a bit. And at the end of the day, your EBITDA, I mean, combined with our focus on everything we've talked about the cost reduction or the rest of it, we're confident that we can achieve our full year adjusted operating EBITDA goal on a combined basis, the dollars. 
Andreas Fibig: I think that's an important point what Rustom was just saying, because we have now with the integration, good flexibility on the RSA side basically to buffer these developments. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
Gunther Zechmann: Hi, good morning Andreas, Rustom and Mike. Can I just ask on your organic sales growth outlook? You have in the slide, a page 17, 6%, I believe that reported sales growth. Can you first of all split out how much of that is like for like please and then coming back to Rustom to the discussion around raw material. How much of that will be pricing? Because I believe when you last gave guidance still with a 12 months, you gave a 3% organic sales growth guidance. But most if not all of that would have been volumes. Thank you. 
Andreas Fibig: So look maybe I can start and then as usual Rustom can comment on the raw materials. The organic sales growth will be 4%. That's what, currency neutral. That's what we are planning. Rustom? 
Rustom Jilla: Okay, so I mean, that was the I mean, I was going to say the same thing that effectively FX is helping us as well in the 6% number as we see for the whole year. So on the, Gunther the other part of your question was just in terms of recovery, right. And we do expect to recover path but not all, we haven't quantified that yet, hasn't specified that path, but not all of the increase in material costs. Does that clarify?
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. I was wondering what's the magnitude of the divestitures that you contemplate? Is it 500 million in sales or 700 million in sales or a billion? What's the scale? And secondly, in looking at your global sales review, it seems that the issue was Western and Central Europe which contracted 5%. What is it about your business in Europe that's so different than your businesses in the other region, such that you have a negative growth rate and how does that region look for the remainder of the year? 
Andreas Fibig: Yes, let me, Jeff thank you for the questions. The magnitude of the divestitures for the non-core businesses might be around about 5% of sales growth. That's what we are targeting right now. And in terms of Europe I think what is really important that you see the COVID impact on Europe. And that's probably the biggest impact we see right now. Because the composition of the business has a lot of food service in, for example, we have at least up to end of last year fine fragrance was impacted because a lot of it comes out of Europe as well. And that was probably the main impact. And now with the hopefully opening up of the economies in Europe and increasing vaccination rates we expect actually a good turnaround on with our European business. And actually we have seen the first signs already in April which is really-really good for us. I hope it helps to answer the question here.
Operator: We will move next with PJ Juvekar with Citi. Please go ahead. 
PJ Juvekar: Yes. Hi, good morning. Andreas you've talked about food service, business and fine fragrances to businesses that cannot take a hit during the pandemic. As the economy opens up and people start going out, how quickly can they get to pre-pandemic level? And then one question for Rustom you mentioned sort of your top raw materials, rattle them off. Can you talk about sort of your top five or six rank order them so we understand what is the raw material exposure of the combined company? Thank you. 
Andreas Fibig: Okay, let me get started first. I would say on the fine fragrance side, faster than we had expected. I believe we expected end of last year still that it takes us until 22 to get back to pre-pandemic levels. But now I will be more optimistic in what we are seeing right now which is really good. Food service might take a little longer, and particularly out of Europe to get back to the pre-pandemic levels, I think we will hit it probably next year. But I would say it's very-very dependent what's happening now in a second and then in the third quarter. But as we said, fine more optimistic than the end of last year. Food service we will see and the focus here is on Europe. Rustom?
Rustom Jilla: Yes, I would say that soy and locust bean kernels do standout as two of the largest in there. And the vegetable oil is much smaller and several of them. And then I mean, turpentine is something we have as well, but much smaller dimension. And of the last one that we mentioned, propylene glycol that one is fundamentally it was force majeure related and will work its way back.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ryan Tomkins with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ryan Tomkins: Thanks very much. Hello, everyone. Yes, I'm just wondering if you could give an idea now that you've secured your first invoice for core selling and solution selling or what you might think the profile of the customer will be or who you're getting better traction with maybe in terms of size, geography products, any information will be interesting there. And then there's more of a housekeeping one. I noticed since Q4, the D&A guide has gone up a little bit, and it looks like the tax rate guiding for is quite a bit higher than what was implied in Q1. So whether we could just have a comment about that that would be appreciated. Thank you very much. 
Andreas Fibig: Sure, absolutely. I’ll take the first one, Rustom takes the second one. So the first thing we are seeing in cross selling is that we had to first big win with a big customer. And it was actually a cross sell in between our scent business and our health and bioscience business. So it's a combination where basically we get something on the enzyme side, because we have good access through our scent business. So bigger customer, European global customer. And I think on the product side, as I said, it's in the detergent area, which I think is very-very good and very promising because we see a good pipeline. Now also on the food side coming in also for our Nourish division. So it's going actually very-very well. And I think we can make the 20 million we promised for this year, actually quite-quite nicely in 21. And now I hand it over to Rustom.
Rustom Jilla: Thanks Andreas. Yes. There is no change really, I mean, we had never before actually specifically guided to the P&L ex-amount, we thought that would be more useful, because as people have pointed out to us that when doing the modeling, I mean, we are talking about our EPS, EBITDA, all the rest of that. So that's really what we did. I mean, if you look at 2020, to clarify, I mean, the adjusted P&L numbers that we had for the whole year was 17.5% and the P&L ex- 18.5 right. And so the number this year, we're going to add 21.5 is just like the roughly about 100 basis points and the difference between those two, and then the and then the rest of it is just the fact that an N&B came with a higher tax profile, which we had communicated and expected.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Connelly with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly: Thanks, Rustom if we look past the nice progress on working capital, do you think that the normal progression of working capital has changed very meaningfully leaving out any discrete benefits you continue to get from the merger integration? 
Rustom Jilla: No, look for the rest of the year, I wouldn't be looking working capital to improve the same way at all. I mean, we had a very-very strong first quarter. I mean, we had roughly an eight day improvement in working capital days and that was driven by HIF&F inventory. That legacy IFF inventory and legacy N&B payables driving performance. As we go forward in the year we'll actually be building inventory at legacy N&B to satisfy demand and lessen the strain on our supply chain and also, the raw material cost increases we're talking about are going to increase the dollars on hand. I mean, DSO pretty stable through the rest of the year. And so we haven't specifically forecast core working capital. But basically, by the end of the year, I would think we'd expect it to go up a little bit. And that's all factored in. We are still pretty much able to deliver the 1 billion of free cash flow that we have in mind for the year as well. And that's with the working capital with the CapEx with everything.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Lisa De Neve with Morgan Stanley.
Lisa De Neve: Hi, guys, just two from my side. So far, we've talked about the segments where you expect sales to return back to growth. So talking about the other side of the coin, I mean, which segments should we perhaps consider to normalize as we're going through the coming quarters especially as it relates to for example, the consumer fragrance, immunity exposed sales, which some categories have done incredibly well. But as well, some of your peers have flagged quite a level of stocking in some categories in the first quarter. So it would be very helpful to sort of get your view on this. Thank you. 
Andreas Fibig: Sure Lisa. Absolutely. If I look at the different categories here the good news is, if we look at our forecast actually almost all of the categories will see some growth going forward, which is actually a great situation where we are being in. I agree with you on the consumer fragrance side where we had double digit developments in the last year we might see a bit of a normalization, but we still expect good growth and maybe single digit growth in that very important category. Another category where we have very strong comparables is probiotics. You might have seen this for a couple of months, it was for legacy N&B double digit growth last year. So we will see a normalization here, but still grows in the mid single digit range going forward. So these are the two categories which I would call out all the others are looking actually quite strong going forward in terms of growth. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from James Targett with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
James Targett: Hello. Good afternoon. I just wanted to go back to pricing and just ask about is there anything about the new N&B business, which makes past price through harder or easier than legacy IFF thinking in terms of how long pricing input cost may take a pass on that? And just to follow up on the I think on the last question we just did in the health and bioscience division, you're taking stock growth and health and negative in cultures and food enzymes. Is that just down to the top comp? Or is there anything sort of underlying in terms of market demand there? Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Let me take it and start with the second question first. It is basically tougher comparisons. That's what it is because last year or end of first quarter and into the second quarter, it was very-very-very strong, very double digit. And that was hard to, let's say, to make up this year. We have seen, let's say, in Q1, for example on the health and bioscience piece we did double digit growth. And as soon as that normalizes we will see good growth coming out of out of H&B as well because the underlying business is actually very-very good. And the demand is strong. On the pricing side on, it's basically a pass through as you were saying it's easier to raise prices compared with some of the legacy F&F businesses and so that the time like is not as long as it is for some of the F&F businesses. I hope that answers the question the first part.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. Good morning. I know you have covered a lot. One more thing I was curious about was the free cash flow guidance being at a billion for this year. It just strikes me as a bit low given that I think the IFF, the management case for N&B was originally calling for something closer to like 1.3 billion for 21. I know that's a 12 month number, we're only looking at 11. But that wouldn't really explain all the difference. So I was just curious kind of thoughts on why that lower free cash flow guidance for the year? Thanks. 
Andreas Fibig: Rustom?
Rustom Jilla: Yes. Lauren hi. The 12 months versus 11 is a factor, of course, coming through the number. We expect slightly higher CapEx than we originally envisaged as we invest in the business integration capacity, normal run, maintenance, all the rest of that. We're also building as we said, a little bit more inventory than we expected to and in the legacy N&B end of the business, and so that's going to add as well. And fundamentally I mean, the rest of it is a strong EBITDA, and then the business just flows through. 
Operator: And it shows that we have no further questions at this time. I would now I'd like to turn the call over to Andreas Fibig for any closing remarks. 
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you for the participation. Certainly a very busy and good quarter for us because it was the first two months as the combined company and you've seen lots of moving parts also in the external environment. But I believe IFF handled that well and I would like to thank the employees again for that first quarter and then and also we see actually, a positive sales development and expectations for the rest of the year. With that I wish you a productive end of day and talk to you soon. Thank you. 
Operator: And this does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation and you may disconnect at any time.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 10:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call.   I would like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's fourth quarter and full year 2020 conference call. Yesterday evening, we issued a press release announcing our financial results and outlook for 2021. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. I ask that you please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike, and thank you, all who have joined us today as close to tiptoe and legacy IFF and begin a new journey with N&B. We will begin by sharing a detailed look into all fourth quarter and the full year 2020 results, and then Rustom and I will highlight the go forward outlook and opportunity for the new IFF.  I'm really excited and proud to say that as of February 1, we have officially completed our merger with DuPont N&B. Our teams have hit the ground running, establishing our new company, as an innovation leader and the global value chain for consumer goods and commercial products. For the close of the N&B transaction, we also unveiled a new brand identity and purpose intended to unify our organization and best position all divisions for success. As a purpose driven enterprise, we share a mission to build from strengths and transform our industry. We are now squarely focused on execution. Building on recent performance to leverage the exciting capabilities and brought our customer base of our new company. I'm confident that the direction that we are moving and the opportunity ahead of us will lead to accelerated growth and improve profitability as we generate strong value creation and total shareholder return.  Beginning with Slide 6, I would like to recap what was truly a remarkable 2020. Amidst an unprecedented pandemic, the challenge to our global organization, we delivered solid financial results, while embarking on a transformational journey to create a new industry leader together with DuPont N&B. 
Rustom Jilla: Thank you, Andreas. I’d only cover the P&L high points on this slide and get into additional detail as we go through the following several slides. In the fourth quarter, IFF generated $1.3 billion in sales, down 2% year-over-year on a currency neutral basis. When excluding the roughly $50 million impact of 2019s 53rd week, a comparable currency neutral growth was plus 2%. And as I'll explain on the next slide up approximately 4% counting foreign exchange related price changes as appears in many CPGs disclose.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rustom. Turning to Slide 17, let’s focus on 2021 and the new IFF with the N&B business. Our team’s executed well on the tremendous integration planning for the transformational combination, despite working remotely due to COVID-19. This integration planning effort more than a year long has provided an opportunity to create the right team and operating model needed to secure a global leadership position. It has been driven by the lessons we have learned in past integrations across both organizations, running our plans and practical experience that will enable near-term execution. We set out an aggressive timeline in 2019 to close and complete integration planning in 2020. A global pandemic only challenged us even further. But I’m very pleased to say that our teams work extraordinarily well together to compete every aspect out integration planning. I’m confident that the new IFF is ideally positioned to succeed. With this planning complete, we can entirely focus on execution, delivering our commitment and realizing significant revenue cost synergies, resulting in significant value creation for shareholders for the years to come. Let’s move to Slide 18 and take a second and we focus on the value proposition of the new IFF. Our new company is poised to realize significant value for all of our stakeholders. And these two highly complementary companies form a true innovation partner for all customers. The new IFF will be a force in shaping the future of our industry. Our R&D investment will be 1.5 times greater than our nearest sphere. We will have number one or number two positions on core categories and nutrition, cultures, enzymes, probiotics, soy proteins, flavors and fragrances. This is coupled with a broadest and most diverse customer base in our industry more than 45,000 in total and about 48% of our annual sales from small, medium and private label customers. We are well positioned to drive profitable growth for our shareholders. This allows us to enhance the value we can deliver to our customers in a very powerful way. We can deliver value to customers in every interaction from leading product offerings to significant benefits of speed to market and supply chain simplification as we deliver market leading integrated solutions. I think it is important to remember that while the N&B transaction is a culminating and transformational move, it is completely consistent how we have been evolving the portfolio over the past five years. Our friendly focused on positioning the company for where the industry is going, not where it has been. As we acquired more naturals, more regional supply chains, reaching smaller customers and increasing technology and science that innovation. Actions like Frutarom, Lucas Meyer, Ottens Flavors and others were important foundational steps as we executed this strategy. As we look ahead, we are pleased we have the most complete portfolio in the business, while portfolio may change around the edges. It is complete and gives us a right base to grow and the right assets to drives a financial results you see from our long-term targets. Put simply the new IFF will be the strongest part that to customers worldwide to corporate essential solutions for on-trend innovation. Now to Slide 19, I would like to emphasize the long-term value creation potential we have seen for IFF. Our new company has substantial synergy opportunities that will drive growth and expand margins. So our integration planning we confirmed, the run rate revenue synergy expectation at approximately $400 million by 2024 was a contribution of at least $145 million of EBITDA by that time. In addition, we expect to achieve meaningful cost savings, including a runway cost synergy expectation of $300 million by the end of 2023. We expect that execution on our plan will unlock about $50 million in EBITDA contribution in 2021. I think it’s important to say that any combination is not just about synergies, but also too strong and leading based businesses. Our leaders across legacy IFF and legacy N&B businesses are committed to running every part of this business, both space business and combined to use superior results. This requires a mindset of continuous improvement and operational excellence that we’re embracing across the organization. It is critical to underscore that with a comprehensive structure in place to track our progress against the identified objectives. At the center of our discussion will be synergy realization, where we’ll be track diligently, including the one-time costs in both expense and capital. Our hope is to highlight on a continuous basis, all value creation leavers to provide you with a critical how component of our value creation story. And in the end, while we are focused on synergy realization, success will not be defined just as that. It will be the cumulative results where synergies are edited to base business performance for a stronger total P&L. On Slide 20, I want to highlight the actions that will be immediately taken to begin the execution. One of the most questions we get from investors is not, what will you deliver, but instead, how will you actually do it? As you can imagine, synergy capture is all about the how. And as we mentioned on January 11, there are 85 separate initiatives behind the $300 million cost savings that in our plan on the cost side and another several initiatives on the revenue side. We tried to give you a flavor for the type of actions that are part of these initiatives. In terms of revenue synergies, we’ve engaged with our top global and regional customers to introduce joint portfolio and capabilities accelerated co-development partnership with global customers, activated cost division on innovation and collaboration in R&D and launch combined commercial excellence and integrated solution teams. At a high level, I would characterize the cost actions as follow. First, whether it’s the publication we elevate the duplication, you can imagine across two global companies, there’s a lot of duplication in back office and admin functions. Second, we look to align our cost structure with best in class PS, where it is comparable. We have undertaken benchmarking cross functions like G&A, which gives us a tangible target for improvement. No two organizations identical. So we use this as a goal rather than prescription. So it – whether it’s efficiency, we spread the benefits of dollars, spend across a larger base. Let me give you an example. Also, organizations invest in R&D, but can now leverage across double the categories and customers. This is powerful and shows you the benefit of global scale for supporting cutting edge science investments. First, I would report all the power of centralized services. We have had powered regional business leaders, who drive their P&Ls, but they have access to the best in class global shared service centers in areas like HR, finance and procurement, where there’s a tangible benefit to scale and combined resources. And finally, we have set all of our incentive compensation metrics to reflect in align with our waste business and integration objectives. I really hope this gives you some flavor for the how, we now know the targets we want to deliver and we have told you our long-term goals. So over the coming quarters focus will be very much on these actions. Let’s turn to Slide 21. The new IFF is set to deliver a best in class financial profile and maximize value for our shareholders. This slide summarizes our long-term outlook, which we introduce to investors at the beginning of this year. From a revenue perspective, we expect continued organic sales growth of approximately 4% to 5% over the next few years, led by our unrivaled product and solutions portfolio, which is set to benefit from our industry leading R&D programs. We also expect to see meaningful operating margin improvements for IFF, including an estimated adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 26% in 2023 up around 400 basis points from our 2020 performance. The new IFF will continue to generate strong free cash flows and we expect a significant increase to approximately $2 billion in 2023. As we pursue further gross, so our capital management and delevering, we remain – that will remain a core priority. We are targeting on those three times net debt to EBITDA ratio 24 to 36 months post-close and reaffirm our commitment to maintaining our investment grade rating. Finishing on Slide 22, I would like to thank you all again for joining our call. Across the world, our teams have worked tirelessly throughout a difficult year to ensure IFF continue to serve our customers and deliver strong business results. Our full year financial results showcase the strengths of our portfolio and most importantly, our people. So those challenging environment, we made tremendous progress on our transformational journey. The formation of the new IFF together with N&B has made us an even stronger company, better positioned to deliver value for our stakeholders. With the pre-integration process completed, it’s now time to execute. We have the team and structures in place to ensure that our newly combined company will meet our financial and operating goals in order to shape the future of our industry and improve our world. By global volatility is expected to persists, foundational commitment to our people, customers, communities and planet will remain unchanged as we look to strengthen and redefine our role as the industry leading ingredients and solutions partner. I’m really thrilled by IFF exciting new chapter, and hope that you will join us on our pursuit to revolutionize the industry and deliver for customers, teams and shareholders. So before opening to questions, please note that our plan for Q&A today is to focus on our results and outlook and not to address questions about market rumors. With that, I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator:  And we’ll take our first question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mark Astrachan: Yes. Thanks and good morning everyone. I guess, one question two parts on the long-term – the new long-term targets. So on the sales growth piece, what gives confidence, you can achieve 4% to 5% organic growth when you haven’t achieved that level in recent years. Or I should say even both businesses haven’t achieved that kind of growth in recent years you’re guiding, I think Rustom said 2% to 3% organic, something like that in year one. So how do you get there? And I guess also too, just mechanically, how much contribution from the change in FX accounting would add to that. And on the same long-term targets, EBITDA margins – why the same confidence to achieve those margins, when EBITDA or EBITDA margin had been essentially flat over the last couple of years, despite cost synergies, legacy business productivity initiatives. And I get the puts and takes in 2020, but your results have been below here’s from an EBITDA growth standpoint too, in recent years. So maybe if you could just touch on those, I appreciate it’s a long question, but it’s hopefully important.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you, Mark. A very important question. I take the first piece and then I give it on the FX to Rustom. We are very confident that we are very much on track for the long-term targets. Let me explain why. You see that for example, Scent a very important division of ours has turned around quite significantly already in a very tough year, like 2020. And we see good signs also early this year that this journey will continue. So we are basically here on very much on track. The second one is taste. And taste has a bit of a performance issue in the years 2019 and then reaching into 2020. But we have seen some sequential improvement and a good start to 2021 as well. We have done all the actions we have to take to bring this division back on track. We have basically split the European region into Europe, Western Europe, Africa, Middle East to put more focus on the emerging markets and on the more mature markets. We have put a lot of, let’s say, focus on integration efforts of the Frutarom organization, particularly in Europe last year. So fully integrated and we have restructured our go-to-market strategy and it looks like that we are starting to perform well. So I think that’s very confident on the legacy IFF side. On N&B, I think it depends, you’ve seen a lot of pieces of the portfolio, which has a good growth profile, and we will continue and we should not underestimate that parts of the portfolio was also particular last year pressured by COVID. And that will help, at least in the second half of this year to come out of that. And secondly, we have – certainly, we have seen actually good customer response as well on their portfolio. And in terms of recent wins. On top of it, we have the cross selling and integrated solutions, which will help us to increase our growth rate as well. So we are very confident that we can do it. On the EBITDA margin, we took on legacy IFF. We took actions, we started, as I said, was Scent division or just on sales, but on EBITDA as well. We see good improvement. The same will happen on the taste side and actually I’m less worried about the N&B side, because there’s not actually a good EBITDA, let’s say increase of margins in the last couple of years. With that, that I hand it over to Rustom to comment on FX days.
Rustom Jilla: Thanks, Andrea. Hi, Mark. The guidance that we provided Mark was in dollars, right, as we rolled out, if you think back, basically if you look at the S-4 and then when we talked about the synergies additional revenue synergies that we expected. So as we FX is very hard to call. I mean, we basically ran out the FX rates that we had as of the time we provided all those forward estimates. The new way of the new methodology, which we’ve talked about in any particular period and as we look back does give us a better growth rate. It doesn’t change the overall actual dollars, right?
Mark Astrachan: Exactly.
Rustom Jilla: Yes. I think Andreas covered everything else in your question there.
Mark Astrachan: Thank you, Rustom.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Gunther Zechmann: Hi, good morning, Andreas. Good morning Rustom. Hi, Mike. That’s almost emotional for me that you changed the reporting to the way that the European TS disclose organic sales growth. So that’s a bit of a long failed wish. Can I just clarify on your 2021 guidance, what is the organic component and how much do you bake in for FX pricing? I hear what you say Rustom about FX being difficult to predict, but maybe if we break it down to what is the volume expectation and what is the, call it, underlying pricing on the back of any cost inflation that you include in your 2021 guidance, please? And then I have a follow-up as well.
Rustom Jilla: The underlying – the pricing, I mean, we do expect the raw material costs during the period. I mean, higher raw material costs and recovery of that is based into our pricing as well. So maybe I’ll address the FX part of it. I mean, if you think about, weighted average basket of our currencies, and we look at the biggest currencies for us the U.S. dollar is the biggest, but the Euro/Danish krona, because that’s pretty much tied to the Euro. That’s the second biggest. It’s actually, when you put in the Danish krona, it’s about 27%. Okay. Those are the two big ones. And then the other is, I mean, the Reals and of the Japanese Yen, the Indian rupee or many others, right. If we look to the weighted basket of those and if we look at the – what is in our basic budget this year was 2020 – 2021 versus 2020, it was about a 1% difference. That’s what we had. And then if you look at spot today, it’s actually running better than that from our perspective from revenue. So our expected 2021 growth rate remains about 3.5%. That’s what we put out there, right? With a small contribution from synergies and no change to the S-4  and as you’ve seen from our January 2021 preliminary sales growth around 3%, we’ve started, we’ve started roughly in line with expectations.
Gunther Zechmann: Great, thanks. If I can just follow-up, what – can you talk us through the drivers positive and negative growth as you see 2021 as part of the guidance assumptions that you’ve made around COVID place.
Rustom Jilla: First top of the year, we resumed that the – we would remain more or less the same broad macro impact on us. That’s on fine fragrance, food, et cetera – food service, et cetera, as the second part of last year of 2020. And we expect that we recover to the second half should be better.
Operator: Next we have Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael DeVeau: Faiza, are you there? Okay, maybe operator, we can go to the next question.
Faiza Alwy: Yes. Hi. Thank you. Good morning. So Andreas I know there are some activists who are more than the market, but I know, you can’t comment. Hello.
Andreas Fibig: Hello? Yes, we can hear you.
Faiza Alwy: Can you guys hear me?
Andreas Fibig: Yes, we can. Can you go ahead? Faiza?
Faiza Alwy: Hello.
Andreas Fibig: Okay. Now we hear again.
Operator: And we’ll move next with Matthew Deyoe with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matthew Deyoe: Good morning. So you’d said food service was down double digits on the quarter and on the gear. Can you be more specific? And we’ve seen a lot of European lockdown headlines as well. So is that the decelerated in 1Q. And I guess more holistically, why didn’t taste ex-food service grow mid-single digits are better? What is keeping – what ex or excluding the food service businesses keeping growth and taste in maybe the 1% to 2% range versus closer to mid single digits?
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Let’s talk about the food service first and thank you for the question. So food service in general, we’ll come back certainly over the course of 2021 following up to the level of 2019, that we will achieve next year. But we have seen actually a better start into January was down high single digit, which was much better than we have seen in the last year. I think that’s good despite the lockdowns in Europe. So it was driven by many of the other regions as well. What was impacting a taste in general was probably also the customer structure, because we had probably more, smaller customers and mid-sized customers compared to some of the competitors. But we see no good recovery and a better pipeline of new projects coming in. And as we said, actually, the start into 2021 was very, very promising. I hope that helps.
Matthew Deyoe: It does. And as we look at the Scent business in 2021, what do you expect, like, fine fragrance obviously has some pretty easy comps, as we move through the year, but consumer scent business could move the other way. And how much room is there left to run on the new business wins? It seems like you made some very good traction in the back half of 2020.
Andreas Fibig: Yes, no, absolutely. And as we see it for now, we triangulate that we are gaining market share here. And that has two effects. One is, as you touched on, it is certainly a COVID volume effect on personal wash and hygiene products, which we are taking fully and which is helping us to fill the growth. But we have made three new core wins, maybe year and half ago and these core wins, we are winning and growing our business quite significantly, double-digit, in these three year counts. And this has now a critical mass that it gives us some tailwind into 2021. So now the question is, will it stay a very strong business over the course of the year? And what we see right now? Yes, it will. We have started year-to-year very well as well. So we believe we will have good growth in 2022 as well on the consumer fragrance business, driven by the demand volume demand, but also by  that’s very, very promising.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Faiza Alwy: Yes. Hi, thank you. Sorry about that before. I hope you guys can hear me now.
Andreas Fibig: We can. Very clear.
Faiza Alwy: Okay, great. So Andreas, there are some activist rumors in the market, but I know you can’t comment on. But I was hoping you could reflect on your tenure as CEO. In the last few years, IFF has underperformed peers. So what do you think has driven that operating underperformance? Do you think you’ve been focused on the right customers and categories? Have you invested appropriately in R&D or maybe have you been too focused on M&A, sort of, is there anything you would have done differently over the last few years?
Andreas Fibig: Very good. Thank you, Faiza. First of all, when we started actually laying out or looking at our strategy in 2015, I think what went well, we had a very clear strategy, because the environment is changing or was changing. So we had different customer demands, maybe more integrated solutions, more demands for naturals. We have seen that the smaller customers have taking a bigger share, and that adjacencies play a role, not just for integrated solutions, but in general to move the business forward.  So I believe our strategy was very clear that that worked out very, very, very well. And that has led to achieve when we look at the company back in 2014, it was slightly grow of $3 billion in sales with the limited offering that point in time, and now we're in an $11 billion company with a very broad offering. And in many instances, we are number one or number two in the defined categories.  I think so our strategy and our response to the changing market was very, very good. We have basically positioned ourselves really to deliver very significant growth over the years to come. If you look at things, which might have gone better, we can touch on food or my – I think what went well is it was strategically the right move. We have good synergies on the cost side. I would say top line was challenged for many reasons. I think we learned our lesson on compliance certainly. And we probably could have integrated faster the European organization, which has done right now. I think that was important. And then in between, we certainly had the crisis in Scent we supply, and we have to turn around the business and I think that worked out very well. So in balance, I think the right strategy, the right moves, on the food side, I think some areas on the top line where some of it is compliance, let's say related, but we fixed it. I think we – and we fixed it fast, maybe faster than others would have done it. And we finally have integrated the commercial structure here as well.  So that's all what look at the next – at the last five years, and I think we are tremendously good positioned for the next couple of years right now. And I can promise you there are certainly no big acquisitions coming in the next couple of years. It's all focused about execution and shareholder value. That's very clear, because we have everything we need.
Operator: We’ll move next with Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. In terms of the effects of COVID on the DuPont business, in your business, you said that roughly 15% of your revenues were down 15%. So there's a 2.25% penalty. Is the penalty for the DuPont business bigger or smaller? And secondly, were you a customer of DuPont previous to the merger? And if you were, was it by a lot and are the other flavor and fragrance companies customers of DuPont, Chevy and Symrise.
Andreas Fibig: I can take the customer piece first and then maybe Rustom you take the first part of it. So we had some customer relationships, but very, very little. The other flavors and fragrance companies had some business with legacy DuPont, because legacy DuPont was buying some flavors as well, but to a very, very limited demand. I think that's not another big movement, but Rustom if you could take the first piece of Jeff’s question, please.
Rustom Jilla: Sure. It's roughly about 20% as we're getting to the numbers of N&Bs business was also impacted by COVID, Jeff. And it varied the impacts on different areas with biorefineries, microbials, food service, they raised a little bit, but that brought 15% reduction number. I would think at this point, I'd say it's in the ballpark. 
Operator: Our next question from Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. Please go ahead. 
Ghansham Panjabi: Hey guys, good morning. 
Andreas Fibig: Good morning.
Ghansham Panjabi: Thanks for putting me in. Just first off on Slide 14, where you listed out many of your 2021 assumptions. I'm just hoping you can just kind of help us with the tax rates guidance for 2021 CapEx as well on a pro forma basis. And also the EPS waiting between the first half and second half, just given your comments about the first half being challenging relative to the current COVID environment. Thanks so much.
Andreas Fibig: Rustom?
Rustom Jilla: Yes. On the tax rates, I mean look, we've got a sense of how and what the taxes are, the one more time before we come out with that, right. Tax rates because remember DuPont N&B is a carve out. It's a carve out coming out of DuPont and so a whole lot of entities set up at numbers and work to be done. Their tax rate is definitely higher than our tax rate, which was in the year, it was 17.5% rate effective tax rate DuPont’s is higher. We’ll come back with more details there on that. Regarding the – your questions on the EPS, we actually focused on EBITDA more as the metric that we'd like to think gives us all the best from our owner's perspective, gives us the most clearest, most transparent ways of looking at it, sales and EBITDA performance on the business. And because we haven't actually provided guidance on EBITDA for the first quarter, I'd rather not sort of answer the – how the ask breakout, if you don't mind.
Ghansham Panjabi: I think Rustom, the question on CapEx for the full year expectation…
Rustom Jilla: No change at all from what was in our S-4 that we had out there as it was like in the high 400s, 465, I think 470, somewhere about there. We have – we expected specifically $235 million from the N&B side and $230 million from ours. Sorry, missed, I forgot that one.
Operator: We’ll move next with Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. 
Andreas Fibig: Hey, good morning, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Hi, so two questions. One was more a technicality is just to understand on the long-term target of 4% to 5% FX neutral. Does that target need to change with the new methodology for revenue disclosure? Because inherently you're including some effects driven pricing in that. So I just wanted to make sure I understand that. And the second was just a longer-term question on that revenue target. And while I certainly appreciate taking a more conservative view and leaving room for delivery on synergies and so on to provide upside. I just wonder what that implies about your view on market growth, because with this transaction and with the objective of creating a different business model for the industry, your long-term revenue targets are sort of what they were before. And I'm just wondering how that relates to your view on market growth, because it just seems like a lot of work to sort of grow at the same pace you were targeting before. Thanks.
Andreas Fibig: Let me Lauren I take the second piece and then I handed over to Rustom on the first piece. So listen, the revenue target and we were discussing it internally a lot. The issue right now for us is in this COVID period, we have certainly for 2021, let's say time for a slower start, because as Rustom said for the first half of the year, it's still a COVID time was a lockdown in Europe. So we take it a bit more carefully before we go full force.  We believe that the market grows will be impacted this year, in particularly the first six months. So that makes – make certain the on, let's say for a slower start. But looking further, we are actually pretty bullish, because if you take the average 4% to 5% for the following years, we had 5% and that's actually is for the two combined companies quite a nice and good target to go. And it's certainly above the average, both organizations that have done in the last two or three years.  So I feel good about it. And certainly it is the focus of the execution are very, let's say, very good exposure to some of the growth markets. And then certainly the cross selling opportunities, we are having and integrated solution, as you were mentioning, we are changing a bit the business model, yes. So that's how we see it, but more to come look at the end of the day, in these volatile times, we have to move forward into a debt as fast as we can. Rustom, if you can take the first piece of the question long-term target. 
Rustom Jilla: Yes. Lauren, we set our long-term targets in dollars and using effects assumptions back at the time if you said that, right, actual dollars. So the methodology that we use doesn't actually change. So if the exact same situation applied over the last couple of years, our revenue dollars wouldn't have been any different, but the currency neutral growth would have been higher, right. Having said that, this is kind of interesting, if you took this morning's spot rates and assume that they extrapolated out for the entire year. I mean they are a couple of percent higher than that weighted average that we talked about earlier to answer the earlier question, right, that maybe up a percent on the prior year. So you have another couple of percent, and that would translate out into reported group, for sure, the actual reported dollar numbers would be higher, but I mean, you wouldn't see the currency neutral percentages coming off. So it's a complex kind of way of looking at it. But the bigger point, if you're looking about the way we came up with the actual numbers back then, and this is the – I just want to reinforce that. We had in the out years of our business growth from the base business without synergies and anything like that, growing at 3.5% to 4%, and that we think is realistic based on our Scent and Taste business, right. If I go back to that and the N&B business was in that ballpark as well. Okay, we think that's realistic going through those numbers. You put in the synergies, which are like $140 million in 2022 revenue and $300 million in 2023 our expectation and that's how you get up to the 5% that number is out there.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rustom.
Michael DeVeau: Operator, we’ll take one more, if that’s okey.
Operator: We'll take our next question from PJ Juvekar with Citi. Please go ahead. 
PJ Juvekar: Yes. Hi, good morning. 
Andreas Fibig : Hi, good morning, PJ.
PJ Juvekar: Thank you for taking my question. Good, good. So I got a couple of related questions on margins. Your operating leverage in the business is not coming through. And what I mean by that is if you take your effects out on cost and currency, in Scent, your sales were up 3% profit was flat, in Taste sales was down 5% at profit was down 10%. So why isn't the bottom line growing faster than the top line? That's my first question. And then I have a quick second question.
Andreas Fibig : Okay. Rustom?
Rustom Jilla: Bottom line actually is growing faster. If you looked at our full year number in Scent, you will find that it's a ballpark. The full year number for us is ballpark about 3% on revenue growth, right, the way you see where it goes and much that's on profit. If you look at the – if you look at Scent in the quarter, we had and/or even quarter three for that matter, we've had very large increases coming through on that.  So we are seeing that. We have the – I think what you're factoring in, and this is an important point is on a full-year basis and also particularly in the fourth quarter, we had a large increase from AIP, right. We had a AIP going up quite a annual incentive plan, because 2019 was so bad, that there was a credit in 2019 in the fourth quarter whereas this time there were costs put in that, that I think from memory was around $27 million just to swing. I think that…
Andreas Fibig : Yes. And it’s important because it will not repeat actually in 2021, so that's a good thing. Rustom?
Rustom Jilla: The other thing was – yes, sorry. 
Andreas Fibig : Move on.
Rustom Jilla: The other thing there is numbers is in the year is COVID. I mean COVID costs, not COVID the impact on revenue, which we've talked about at noseeum, but COVID the impact on cost. I mean the extra air freight costs, the extra sea freight costs, the extra personal protective equipment for our people, the working different ships, the paying extra compensation by the time you factor all of those in it's probably about 20 – it was around $26 million of extra cost in the year as well. 
Andreas Fibig : Thank you, Rustom.
Operator: And we have reached our allotted time. I would like to turn the floor back to Mr. Andreas for any closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you for the good question. We know we have a big line still for questions. We will continue with our one-on-ones was really good to talk to all of you and yes, more to come over the next couple of weeks and months. Thank you for that. Bye-bye. Thank you. 
Rustom Jilla: Bye, everyone.
Operator: And this does conclude today’s conference. You may disconnect your line at any time and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-10 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]
 I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin. 
Michael Deveau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. I ask that you please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements.
 During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2020. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors stated in our yesterday's press release. 
 Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is available on our website as well. 
 With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rustom Jilla. We will begin with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have. 
 With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas. 
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, good afternoon, everyone. Before I dive into our third quarter performance, I would like to, once again, take a moment to thank all of our frontline workers and dedicated colleagues around the world who have worked tirelessly throughout the course of this year to continue fueling our global supply chain and meeting our customers' needs. But every business is built to weather pandemic. But over the last few months, we have continued to show that our business is well equipped to navigate the most unpredictable of storms. I can't thank each and every one of our passionate employees enough of their continued hard work, dedication and focus throughout this difficult year. 
 On today's call, I will start, as usually, by reviewing IFF's recent third quarter performance and summarizing the trends that we are experiencing across the business before providing a more in-depth review of our year-to-date performance. Rustom will then provide a more detailed look at our third quarter financials. I will then provide an outlook on the road ahead for our business and provide an update on our merger with DuPont N&B and the integration planning efforts that are well underway.
 Despite the COVID-related headwinds, we saw a strong sequential improvement across all key financial metrics in Q3. We achieved 1% currency-neutral sales growth in the third quarter, a 500 bps improvement relative to our second quarter 2020 results. Outside of Fine Fragrance and Food Service, IFF's portfolio remains resilient with growth of 3% in the quarter on a currency-neutral basis and 4% year-to-date. Nearly every category, including Fine Fragrance and Food Service, is growing, led by a third consecutive quarter of double-digit currency-neutral growth in Consumer Fragrance.
 We continue to experience challenges in Fine Fragrance and Food Service, which saw improve relatively in Q2 sales, declined 14% this quarter on a currency-neutral basis. These segments continue to be the most affected among our portfolio by pandemic-driven trends in retail and away-from-home channels. On our second quarter earnings call, we presented this monthly chart to provide increased transparency during the uncertain period. At the time, July finished was about 2% growth. In the subsequent months of August and September, we saw a modest deceleration in sales performance versus July, actually, largely due to weakness in Fine Fragrance and Food Service. 
 Now let's turn to Slide 7, where I would like to review our year-to-date performance 2020 basis. Our Flavors category, excluding Food Service, is resilient, growing low single digits. Outside of Food Service, all categories are growing. Inclusions led the segment with impressive double-digit growth, followed by mid single-digit growth in Natural Product Solutions and Savory Solutions, again, all excluding Food Service. From a regional perspective, growth was led by a double-digit improvement in North America and Greater Asia, where new win performance is strong. In EAME, results were challenged, which is in an area where we are focused on improving as we move forward. 
 I want to take a moment to formally welcome our new Taste division leader, Kathy Fortmann. On October 1, Kathy officially took over leadership of our Taste division. She is an outstanding executive with experience across our industry and joined IFF early in 2020 as part of our succession planning for IFF as well as post our combination with N&B. In her short term with IFF, Kathy has already brought tremendous expertise and insights to our team, leading IFF integration of Taste with N&B food and beverage platform. With a proven track record of delivering growth and innovation at global food and beverage ingredients organizations, I'm confident Kathy will do an exceptional job leading our Taste business now and the Taste, Food and Beverage division following transaction close.
 I also want to thank Matthias Haeni who has retired from IFF after 30 years in our industry. He had a long and successful career. And during his tenure with IFF he has advanced our position as leader within the taste industry. I wish him the very best for his next chapter. Overall, IFF Scent division continues to perform very well. I'm proud to share that we have achieved double-digit sales growth in Consumer Fragrance, with double-digit growth in Fabric Care, Home Care, Air Care and Personal Wash. Our new core list customers where we recently gained access, core to our 2021 strategy, are growing more than 50% this year, in the third quarter provided a double-digit contribution to Consumer Fragrance growth. Particularly, I want to note that our entire Consumer Fragrance team have worked diligently through the pandemic to differentiate our offerings, win new business and achieve strong market share gains. 
 In our Fragrance Ingredients business, demand is strong. Yet the pandemic created a raw material headwind in Q2 as we prioritized the use of our Fragrance Ingredients to support our Fragrance Compounds business foregoing external sales. As restriction has eased, the business improved sequentially, but on a year-to-year basis remains down slightly. The areas most impacted by COVID-19 have been Food Service and Fine Fragrances. On a year-to-date base, Food Service and Fine Fragrances are down almost 20% as COVID-related actions impacted consumer behavior as well as retail channels have been temporarily closed, and travel retail is down.
 As I stated earlier, we are encouraged that the Fine Fragrance and Food Service improved in Q3 relative to Q2 sales on a currency-neutral basis. Yet we remain cautious about trends given the increase in COVID-19 infections more recently. Excluding Fine Fragrance, Scent has achieved strong currency-neutral growth rate of plus 8% year-to-date, while Taste has improved 2% on a currency-neutral basis, excluding Food Service. 
 With that, I would like to pass it over to Rustom to provide more details on the third quarter. 
Rustom Jilla: Thank you, Andreas. Slide 8 provides a high-level overview of Q3's financial performance. On a currency-neutral basis, IFF generated $1.3 billion in sales, a 1% increase from 2019's third quarter. Scent was up 4% and Taste down 1%, and I'll provide additional divisional color in a few minutes. As Andreas noted, Q3 sales recovered from Q2's low point and over 3/4 of our $69 million sequential improvement came from Scent, and total IFF sales improved in all 4 regions.
 In the third quarter, our adjusted operating profit, excluding amortization, increased 1% to $241 million on a currency-neutral basis from 2019's Q3. Our gross profit and gross margin were both higher than the third quarter of 2019 despite higher COVID-19-related manufacturing expenses and logistics costs. Continued OpEx controls and lower T&E essentially offset additional personnel-related COVID-19 costs and other inflationary increases. On a currency-neutral basis, interest, other income and expenses, taxes and noncontrolling interests together amounted to an additional $1 million headwind versus last Q3. And adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, was $1.40, up 1%. 
 Note that FX movements adversely impacted our reported numbers. On a reported basis, Q3 sales were flat and adjusted operating profit, excluding amortization, was down 4%. Balance sheet revaluation FX losses had a large negative impact in other income and expenses as a result both of weaker emerging market currencies against the dollar and a stronger euro. Currency volatility has impacted OIE all year, with Q1 and Q3 negative and Q2 positive. 
 We believe our reporting standard provides investors with a truer assessment of underlying currency-neutral growth, especially when there are large emerging market currency devaluations relative to the U.S. dollar or euro. However, it's important to help all of you understand our performance relative to competition. So on Slide 9, I want to take a moment to show what our currency-neutral growth in the third quarter would be using the same calculation methodology of our peers. For a variety of reasons, many of our sales transactions in the emerging markets occur either in U.S. dollars or other hard currencies or are indexed to hard currencies when we have to invoice in local currencies.
 So when reporting our currency-neutral sales growth, we exclude those foreign exchange-related price changes in emerging markets, but this is different from our peers. During the third quarter of 2020, continued currency devaluations year-over-year in several key emerging markets would have added approximately 2 percentage points to growth if we include those foreign exchange-related price changes in our emerging market pricing. Factoring in this comparability adjustment, we estimate that our third quarter currency-neutral sales growth would have been 3% versus the 1% we have shared. And using this methodology Scent with its strong LatAm businesses would have 8% plus Q3 growth, while Taste would have been flat. 
 Moving on to Slide 10. It is worth taking a closer look at the underlying business and market dynamics influencing our overall profitability in the quarter. In the third quarter of 2020, our sequential improvement in sales was accompanied by a strong rebound in profitability relative to our Q2 performance. Our currency-neutral adjusted operating profit, excluding amortization, grew 1% in Q3, clearly not what we want, but substantially better than the year-on-year decrease of 19% we reported in the second quarter. As expected, price to raw material costs was a gross margin headwind as was unfavorable mix due to our Fine Fragrance business.
 Also affecting profitability for the third quarter were incremental COVID-19 costs, which essentially doubled from Q2. The incremental manufacturing and logistics expenses related to COVID-19 that we had incurred in Q2 flowed into the P&L in Q3 as inventories were used. And we also paid a bonus to our essential workers around the world as they continued their exceptional service to our customers during this unprecedented time. In the end, we were able to offset these negatives through a combination of productivity initiatives in Scent and Frutarom cost synergies in Taste and tight cost management throughout IFF.
 We have been very careful with hiring, with headcount down over the course of the year, have been tighter in general within expenses and, of course, have had lower T&E costs like most businesses. Overall, adjusted operating expenses were up less than 1% despite absorbing the usual inflationary increases and COVID-19-related costs. As we forge ahead, especially in this uncertain environment, we will continue to drive growth but also review our cost structure to find additional opportunities to support overall profitability levels. 
 Now turning to Slide 11, where we take a closer look at the performance of the Scent division in the quarter. Scent sales totaling $503 million were up 4% overall as Consumer Fragrance continues to outperform. Specifically our Fabric, Home, Hair Care and Personal Wash product categories all experienced robust growth and are also benefiting from the pandemic-related increase in global consumer staples purchases. As Andreas noted earlier, it's not all COVID-19 related. We are seeing strong growth from our new core list customers that we recently gained access to.
 While Fine Fragrance sales remain challenged, Q3's 14% decrease is a significant improvement from last quarter, where sales were down 40%. Importantly, our Fragrance Ingredients business, which was impacted by COVID-19-related supply constraints in Q2, returned to growth, led by double-digit gains in Cosmetic Actives. These metrics are encouraging and reflect the recovery this summer in global retail markets and consumers' ability to reach them. In addition, the Scent division saw meaningful profit improvement this quarter, as segment profit grew 20% to $101 million. This was driven by higher sales volumes, strong benefits from management productivity initiatives and cost discipline and tight OpEx controls. 
 Moving on to Slide 12, where we focus on the performance of our Taste division. While we saw sequential improvements in Food Service compared with a 36% decline in the second quarter of 2020, this remained under pressure in the third quarter, declining 13% on a currency-neutral basis versus the prior year as the pandemic limited food consumption away from home. To put this in context, Food Service took Taste's overall sales growth down by roughly 2 percentage points. That said, the rest of the Taste portfolio, excluding Food Service, delivered positive currency-neutral growth across all global markets. One particular bright spot was North America, where IFF realized double-digit growth in Taste across nearly all categories.
 We continue to see weaker growth in the other regions due to COVID-19 and related regulatory restrictions such as EAME, Latin America and Greater Asia. Natural Product Solutions, our food ingredients business, and our North American Flavors businesses were the strongest performing in the quarter, while Savory and Inclusion both more impacted by Food Service were negative in the quarter. Frutarom declined 2% compared to the prior year as their strong presence in Food Service and customer base of mostly smaller local and regional customers continued to be more adversely impacted by COVID-19. For  Taste overall, the segment achieved a 13.3% profit margin, with $102 million in segment profit on $765 million in sales. Benefits from acquisition-related synergies and tight OpEx controls were more than offset by lower sales volume, unfavorable price to raw materials costs and higher COVID-19-related costs.
 Turning to Slide 13. I'd like to provide an overview of IFF's strong and growing cash flow position. The chart on the left illustrates the reconciliation from reported net income to free cash flow and includes all key drivers. Operating cash flow and free cash flow were up 8% and 30% this quarter, respectively, led by core working capital improvements and stepped up reviews of capital expenditure. Our thoughtful and disciplined approach to investments amid the pandemic has resulted in CapEx of approximately 3.3% of sales versus 4.2% the prior year.
 While continuing to support our customers and suppliers, our teams have also been very focused on optimizing working capital, and our cash conversion cycle has improved 8 days year-over-year. We clearly need to generate cash, given our leverage and the impending merger with N&B. So it's good to see the improvements in days payables outstanding and days sales outstanding. Where inventory is concerned, we did see a small improvement in inventory days with more originally projected for Q4. But now with COVID-19 picking up again, we will increase our safety stocks. Note that we are not expecting to repeat last Q4's strong cash flow performance this year, primarily because of the benefit last year from extra sales and collections in the 53rd week. Further, despite continued stress in all industries across the globe, we believe that this quarter's strong balance sheet is a testament to our continued capital allocation focus and discipline. 
 Moving to Slide 14. As we look to remainder of 2020 and into 2021, we will remain laser-focused on maintaining discipline across our balance sheet to ensure that IFF is well positioned as we navigate a prolonged challenging market environment. The situation remains highly uncertain, given the steady increase in global COVID-19 infections and the potential for additional regulatory restrictions in various regions. We're incredibly fortunate that the majority, roughly 85% of IFF's portfolio, has remained resilient and essential around the world for food, beverage, hygiene and disinfection products. Unfortunately, the persistence or even worsening of the pandemic will likely translate into continued weakness for Fine Fragrance and Food Service in Q4.
 I will also remind you that we face a very strong Q4 comparison to last year, which had a 53rd week of sales and profit contributions. As we noted at the time, this represented about 400 basis points of growth in the fourth quarter last year and is a large, roughly $50 million headwind, this quarter and will occur all in the last week of December 2020, impacting our monthly performance comparative significantly. This extra week last year also clearly came with a substantial operating profit contribution. And while it is hard to be precise, we estimate that this will represent a $15 million to $20 million headwind for us in Q4. 
 We began the fourth quarter with low single digits growth in October on a currency-neutral basis, in line with Q3's results. Based on this first month and given the uncertainty, it's unlikely that we will see higher growth for the full fourth quarter than the 1% we achieved in Q3. That is before taking into account the headwinds from the 53rd week. In this uncertain and difficult environment, we are more than ever controlling what we can control such as OpEx and also capital expenditure. And of course, we remain focused on driving strong cash flow and reducing leverage. 
 And with that, I'll hand it back to Andreas to discuss the near-term road ahead for IFF. 
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rustom. Before providing an update on our pre-integration work with N&B, I want to spend a moment on the progress we have made on our Frutarom integration. On Slide 15, I'm pleased to share that we have made strong strides with our Frutarom integration work. As of the third quarter 2020, we have complete integration of our business teams and believe that by the first quarter 2021 we will substantially complete our manufacturing optimization plan essentially at 90% of the consolidated -- consolidation complete. As a result of the outbreak of COVID-19 and the related complexity, we are delayed about 6 to 8 weeks was our original projection, but remain on track to be largely complete in the first quarter of 2021 around the time of our transaction close with N&B.
 As a reminder, as part of the Frutarom integration initiative, we expect to close approximately 35 manufacturing sites. For the end of 2020, we are on track to close between 20 to 24 sites around the world and expect to be completely finished by the end of 2021. With the integration of Frutarom, we have learned a lot. This experience has been important for IFF, and we will leverage these experiences and apply lessons learned as we take next step with DuPont N&B. First, we have put more ability to deliver value through cost synergies. We know how to build teams to quickly and efficiently identify and capture these opportunities in ways that create real shareholder value.
 Second, revenue synergies need to align with the product development life cycle. We need to recognize in our planning that this can mean that these synergies take more time to achieve, but the key takeaways being start early to ensure delivery. As of today, we have a strong pipeline of Frutarom-related cross-selling projects, over 2,000 with a pipeline potential of approximately $235 million, and we believe we are on track to meet or exceed our target for 2021. Third, we need to recognize the potential for sales dis-synergies plan accordingly to properly mitigate and anticipate when it can't be avoided. Fourth, we must build teams and organizational functions that protect base business growth. This was a major consideration how we designed the organization structure at our future combined company. Growth through synergies and innovation have to be incremental to core business growth.
 And fifth, we need to move with speed and be decisive. There's always an urge to be cautious through integration as 2 cultures learn to work together. We have to break down these barriers with focused, accountable leadership towards clear shared goals prioritizing profitable growth. I will also add that moving towards a transformational merger and working through the challenges of a global pandemic has forced all of us at IFF to work in new ways. We have learned quite a bit in these last several months and in many ways it has forced us to take a fresh look at our business in a way that I think will prove beneficial as we continue in our transformation journey. 
 Turning to Slide 16. I'm pleased to share an update on our integration planning process for our previously announced merger with DuPont N&B. As you can see, we have reached all targets for the second half of 2020 and are on track with our targeted close date of February 1, 2021. The 3 notable milestones we achieved in the third quarter 2020 include a successful shareholder award, the completion of the permanent financing and the announcement of the executive team minus 1 leadership teams. I'm pleased to have received a strong support of IFF shareholders who have recognized this unique opportunity to create significant long-term value.
 With more than 99% of the votes cast in favor, IFF shareholders have overwhelmingly approved the issuance of shares pursuant to the merger agreement, through which IFF and N&B will combine to create a global leader in high-value ingredients and solutions for global food, beverage, home and personal care and health and wellness markets. We also completed a successful pricing of the $6.25 billion bond offering in September. This financing, together with the previously procured term loan facility, will provide N&B with the funding needed to make the special cash payment of USD 7.3 billion to DuPont in connection with the completion of our merger with N&B. I'm happy to report that there was tremendous interest in the bond offering. The interest rates were favorable and the offering was significantly oversubscribed. 
 I'm also happy to announce that at the end of last week, we received antitrust approval in Mexico, which was 1 of the 2 remaining jurisdictions where we needed for approval. As we move towards close, we have only a few integration milestones left to reach and are confident in our abilities to execute on our post-closing time line. We anticipate receiving antitrust approval for Europe in December and will be filing our amended S-4 with updated pro formas in the coming months. 
 I continue to be very excited about the combination between IFF and N&B. I believe we have a significant amount of opportunities to create strong shareholder value in the future. We actively review our portfolios on a constant basis, especially in light of the future combination with N&B to look to maximize our returns by driving growth in accretive categories and deprioritizing our low-value businesses by reducing allocations of expense and capital fixed or exit completely with divestitures. 
 Moving on to Slide 17. In summary, I continue to value the continued resilience of our portfolio during an exceptionally challenging time for all industries and communities across the globe. Despite this unpredictable environment, we have delivered sustained growth across some of our largest segments and returned to growth in others in the third quarter. Our 1% currency-neutral growth for the quarter marks an important sequential improvement from Q2. And excluding Fine Fragrance and Food Service, we are pleased to have delivered 4% year-to-year currency-neutral growth with improvement across nearly all categories. We also made great progress in our N&B pre-integration planning and remain on track to close the transaction in the first quarter of 2021.
 As global conditions remain volatile and unpredictable, we will continue to focus on controlling the controllable, to drive strong cash flow, maintain strong operational capital discipline and leverage the strength of our portfolio to depth and succeed. I'm proud and grateful to all of our employees across the globe who have gone above and beyond to ensure the continuity and resiliency of our business, all while delivering for our 30,000 customers across the globe and executing on the integration process for Frutarom and N&B. While we recognize we always have opportunities to improve, in particular, on within our Taste division, I'm confident that as we move ahead, we will improve our performance as we did in our Scent division over the past few years, both in terms of sales through new customer, core lists and margins through operational performance programs. I believe that we have the strategy and the team in place to position our organization for long-term success both now and upon uniting with N&B. 
 With that, I would now like to open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Mark Astrachan with Stifel. 
Mark Astrachan: I wanted to ask about adjusted EBIT and EBITDA performance versus your peers. So the European peers, at least by my math, have seen profit growth in the first half and anticipated for the full year. Based on what you just walked through, Rustom, I get down mid-single digits or so for your business on each in 2020. So I guess the question is why has IFF underperformed? And perhaps, could you walk through the specifics of pressures on gross margin and SG&A? And when do you anticipate those trends to normalize versus peers? And just related to that, a quick one for you, Rustom, probably. Could you just provide the Frutarom synergies in the third quarter as that was no longer provided in the Q? 
Rustom Jilla: Will do. And yes, a long question, so let me make sure I cover all of it. Look, first of all, on the competitors' performance, I mean, I can't really comment on our competitors' performance. But let me take you through ours and give you some context. So our year-to-date -- so, see not Q3, our year-to-date adjusted operating profit, excluding amortization, is down 4%, and that's on currency-neutral sales growth of plus 1%. So that's clearly not good, but here are the drivers. So we had a negative type this quarter. We had a negative sales mix. I mean, Fine Fragrance -- I mean you've seen the impact in Q2 in particular and minus 40% and then Q3 as well, much lesser, but you've seen it in there. There's unfavorable price to raw material costs. Now that's mainly Fragrance Ingredients, and that's mainly price reductions in advance of raw material declines. There's COVID-19-related incremental costs. I mean, we put the -- we've shown you the bridge on the slides in the quarter.
 But if you look at the year, I mean we're talking about almost just a little under $20 million in costs that we've actually incurred on COVID. And incentive comp, I mean incentive comp as well year-on-year, if you remember, we expected a year-on-year headwind when we finish because of everything that had happened last year. And that has played through and to a little extent in the quarter and certainly in the full year as well. Then, of course, you've got the basic. And then on the other side, some of the positives in the year-to-date, it's been a negative on volume, and that's because of Q2. But in Q3, volume was actually a positive. And synergies, I mean, synergies have been a positive all year-long in what we've seen. And then, of course, there's productivity and cost discipline, right? So I'll come to Frutarom in a second.
 Earlier in the year, we were unsure as to the severity and the duration of COVID-19. So we choke back hiring. And we acted to control expenses, but we decided against taking costs out of IFF. And now with infections rising and no line of sight as to countermeasures, I mean vaccine comments notwithstanding, we are planning on acting to reduce costs over the coming months. And then Frutarom. You asked about Frutarom. And look, despite COVID-19, we're still on track to deliver on the procurement and manufacturing optimization cost synergy of $50 million that we outlined earlier this year. We did modify the 10-Q and it's not required to disclose the exact amounts every quarter. But I can tell you, we had $10-plus million of synergies in Q3. So when you combine that with the first half savings of $32 million, that puts us at $42 million, $43 million, something like that, and clearly on track to achieve our full year $50 million goal. And Mark, just to remind you, our target was $100 million by year 2 and $145 million by year 3. Did I cover everything in there that you asked? 
Michael Deveau: His line may be muted. Rustom, sorry. So maybe we'll go to the next question. Mark, if you have another question, feel free to jump back in the queue. 
Operator: Heidi Vesterinen with Exane BNP. 
Heidi Vesterinen: So a question on Taste. I understand the pandemic related challenge in out-of-home, but it does appear that you've had additional challenges. This year, you have negative organic and margin hit by input costs. Your peers are not talking about this. Last year, I think it was destocking by multinational customers. Your peers were not seeing this. Can you talk about what explains this underperformance? And you finished your presentation talking about there being a strategy in place to change this. So could you maybe tell us about your action point? 
Andreas Fibig: Sure, Heidi. I can take it. I think, first, please remember that we need to adjust the reporting differences, specifically FX-related pricing. But I think Rustom talked about that. Certainly, we have an impact on the Food Service, which is happening in the home market for the competition as well. But despite that, we are not entirely happy, and there's more work to be done. We see if you zero down, in particular, some weakness in Europe, where we have to dig in and figure out how we go forward. We see actually a very strong performance in North America. And we have to model what we have done over the last, let's say, 2 or 3 years in North America, in other regions as well. So there's a program underway. And I might remind you, a couple of years ago, we had similar questions on our Scent business. We are taking it very seriously. And I think we have turned around the Scent business quite significantly. And I would say in that area, we are outperforming our competition now, in particular, on the Consumer Fragrance side. So that's what we see. And we will take the action to make sure that we fix what we have to fix here. 
Heidi Vesterinen: And just as a follow-up, you also talked about challenges with small and mid-sized customers. I think you had talked about it last quarter as well. Is this a short-term issue or are these business opportunities that have simply disappeared like a customer and you're exiting the market? What is happening there, please? 
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Sure. Absolutely. And that's a quite important question because it's strategic in a sense. We still believe that you need a good exposure to the smaller and midsized customers over long-term to grow your business. Certainly, the small customers had more impact of the COVID crisis than some of the big ones. We believe that most of them will come back to growth. And let me give you 2 examples. We see right now still quite a bit of an impact on the small customers in India, for example, where we are market leader with our Taste business, so that has an impact on our business.
 On the contrary, we see actually very good results of our Tastepoint business here in the U.S., and we are starting to accelerate again with small customers. And I think what we are seeing is now since the, let's say, supply lines are again very robust and delivering, I think it gets better here as well. So you see, it depends on the region, it depends on the country, but we believe in the long-term that this is a customer base we would like to keep it because we believe we will get some good growth out of it. I hope that helps, Heidi. 
Operator: We'll go next to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. 
Lauren Lieberman: I wanted to catch up on 2 things. One was just thinking about some of the puts and takes to fourth quarter. I know Rustom you were specific on the 53rd week dynamics. But just how we should be thinking about the increased COVID costs, if there's any other one-off lapse that we should be aware for 4Q? And then the second thing was just looking back at the July S-4, the management projections that are shared there for the N&B transaction. It just struck us as interesting that you're pegging growth for IFF at 5% and for N&B at 4%. And for sure, IFF was delivering at that level before Frutarom, but not since. And N&B, I don't think has hit that number, I'm not sure, ever. So I just wanted to hear a little bit about the buildup of that projection. How much of that already assumes what you think you can do in terms of integrated solutions, but I am curious what those kind of baseline projections for the business is? 
Andreas Fibig: Sure. I take the first piece of it on the sales for the fourth quarter, then Rustom can comment on the cost, and then I come back on the S-4. Look, Lauren, in all honesty, it's tough on the fourth quarter. As Rustom said, we had a good start into the fourth quarter basically on all measures, in particular also on the Scent business, very, very strong start into it. But we are cautious for a couple of reasons. First of all, we see now in Europe, again, many of these, let's say, lockdowns, even if they call it soft lockdowns. So we will see what that brings for us in terms of Food Service, but Fine Fragrance business as well, which started well in October, but we will see what's happening here. But what we know is that we are running against a very strong fourth quarter last year, first of all, good growth but then also driven by the 53rd week. So still, good start into the quarter, also a good order book, but we remain cautious because of the 53rd week and also about the new lockdowns we have seen in Europe. That's the reason why we are taking a bit more of a conservative stance. But Rustom, please comment on the cost and then the operating profit side. 
Rustom Jilla: Yes, absolutely, Andreas. Yes, look, I mean, the situation is pretty uncertain. I mean Andreas made that point on the cost end of things, right? And we're fortunate the majority of our portfolio is resilient and essential, the food, beverage, hygiene, disinfection, all the rest of that. But we are looking right now as far as we can tell that a worsening of the pandemic, and that will likely translate into continued weakness in Q4 in our COVID-19 impacted areas, Fine Fragrance and Food Service, right? So we are kind of not 100% sure how that plays out. But Food Service already, as we think about it, we think that it's going to be probably slightly worse than Q3 was.
 On COVID costs, by the way, Lauren, I mean, we had -- Q3 was big. I mean, we had close to around $13 million of COVID costs, and that's because we had about several million for the one-off costs, for the special payments that were made. In Q4, based on the run rate and how things flow-through from our inventories and all the rest of it, we'll expect a COVID cost, but much smaller number, probably closer to around the $5 million type range. So yes, you're right. And you do remember that last year as well, we talked about the 53rd week and it being 400 basis points in revenue and all the rest of that. That's a roughly $50 million sales headwind when you come around to this Q4. And the extra week also comes with a -- came with a substantial operating profit contribution. And while it's hard to be precise, okay, we estimate that this represents a roughly $15 million to $20 million headwind in Q4. So if you think about that, I mean, that's a big one.
 And then if you look at the other numbers in there and what we may have, we also have in Q4 last year -- we had a Brazilian tax indirect, what is it -- indirect taxes last year that we got. And that was -- and that had been subject to litigation. We disclosed that in our 10-K. That was roughly about $8 million. So if you look at that, I mean, those items between them. And finally was the AIP, okay? We mentioned that the AIP was nothing -- for the whole year we talked about AIP being a $40 million headwind last year for the whole year projections in '20. And  about half of that amount will come in the fourth quarter, the delta year-on-year. There wasn't too much in Q3. But also going in the other directions, you don't think it's all simply negative, right? We have some positives. And last year in Q4 you may remember that we had inventory impacted much lower gross profit margin. And so this year, we fully expect to be at least $10 million better on that account. And then we have the synergies, as Mark asked about the synergies to start with. And so we'll have a similar positive amount compared to last year's Q4 in synergy and productivity benefits. So I think that... 
Andreas Fibig: Okay, Rustom. Thank you for that. So in summary, I would say, good start, but we are very cautious about the situation we are having. And I think the put and takes on the cost side Rustom explained quite well. Coming back to the S-4 question. And I think what plays an important role here is, first of all, the area where we want to focus on. What we have done a quite extensive, let's say, review of our new portfolio. And there are certainly a couple of areas, which have really good growth perspective. And I'm not giving you our guidance or budget for next year. But I would like to give you some background how we think about next year in terms of the different categories. So look, the Consumer Fragrance business has performed very well in the last couple of quarters, and we don't see any change in the fourth quarter, and we don't see too much change for the next year.
 And that's a quite significant business between $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, because we believe that the demand for hygiene products will stay high next year and Personal Wash as well. And as Rustom commented in his comments on the earnings, the 3 new callers are really producing now really nice growth and have enough critical mass to give us some additional growth. So that will be a good focus area. Fine Fragrance will come back eventually as soon as COVID is normalizing over the course of next year. And that gives us just technically already a nice growth going forward into the 2021. And then we see actually a good performance on the Active Cosmetic business and the Ingredients business as well. Since we have solved for the, let's say, raw material issues out of India, I think that's working well. So that should give us good growth going forward.
 On the Taste side, as I said, we have to focus on the most important categories where we can get growth. One of the fastest-growing areas was the beverage area for us, in particular, hard sales in the U.S. We believe that it's a good growth driver for us going forward. We see some of the Natural Product Solutions driving forward, which is -- could be the INFAT business, the food protection business and that helps us to grow nicely. And Food Service, over the course of next year, the quick-service restaurants should normalize as soon as we see some more regular business after -- in the post COVID period. So we believe that could give us good growth drivers going forward.
 On the N&B side, even it's not our business now, but what I see from the outside and the pre-integration, you have a couple of business like the biorefinery business or microbial control business, which has challenges which should normalize after the COVID crisis as well. And then you see certainly businesses like the probiotics business or the cultures or enzyme business, which are going quite nicely. So we believe that could drive our growth going forward in 2021. You mentioned integrated solutions. That's certainly a growth driver as well. But I would expect this more in year 2 after the integration because it needs a bit of time that our customers not just, let's say, buying the concept, but launching these products in the marketplace as well. And then it will drive quite nice revenue synergies and certainly profit synergies as well going forward.
 I hope it helps to unpack how we see the different portfolio pieces. Maybe just a remark on the regions. As I said before, we have nice growth in North America and a great momentum on both sides of our business, which is fantastic. I think Latin America is better than you might think. And hopefully, it will go better next year as well. We have a bit of a topic on Europe, which is certainly driven by COVID because Fine Fragrance has a big footprint in Europe, as you well know. Lots comes out of France and the Food Service business as well. So we will focus here to fix as much as we can. And then, hopefully, with the, let's say, introduction of the vaccine and the post-COVID period that can give us more growth going forward. So I talked a lot, but I hope that gave you a bit of a perspective how we see the world for now. 
Operator: Next to Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. 
Faiza Alwy: Andreas, I have, I guess, two questions for you related to some comments you made regarding N&B. I guess the first thing is you mentioned that you've learned from -- there were some lessons that you learned from the Frutarom integration. And I'd love for you to dig a little bit more into that and how you think this one might go differently. So what are those lessons and how you intend to apply those to N&B? And then, secondly, you made some comments around the portfolio. It sounds to me like you're suggesting that there might be some divestitures. So just want to see if there's anything more -- if I'm reading that right and if there's anything more you can say regarding the timing or the size of that. 
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you, Faiza, for the question. Let me start with your last part. As I said, we have rigorously looked at our portfolio and there are pieces where we really want to accelerate our growth going forward because we believe it's the right thing to do. And there are pieces which might not fit too much any longer into our portfolio on the IFF side. And it's probably too early to talk about concrete pieces but we are looking actively into it, and we can't make a decision on N&B, but we are looking into the portfolio here as well. I think your read is quite spot on.
 On the lessons learned, I would say there are a couple of lessons. The first one is that you need some time, if you bring these organizations together. You have to start with an aligned team and do as much work before day 1 as you can. Let me give you an example. Look, we have now announced basically up to the top 150, 170 leaders in the new organizations already. And we are still 2, 2.5 months ahead of closure. And hopefully, we will go down 1 layer further. We didn't do it because it was a shorter time frame with Frutarom. I think that's an incredible important step because we can hit the rubber or we can hit the road much, much faster than the Frutarom.
 The second thing is we have done an extensive work on the integrated solutions and the cross-selling opportunities. And one of the learnings was, we were, even in food, never short of ideas, but it took longer to realize it. And as I said, we will achieve our top line synergies with food, but it took longer than we were thinking. And that was mainly driven not just selling these ideas to our customers, but until the customer was launching the actual products. And it just takes a bit of more time. And here, we were -- let's say, we started earlier. We tested more robustly our ideas. And we have planned for more time to realize it. I think that's an important one as well.
 And then I think we have learned a lot in terms of, let's say, optimizing our footprint. And that was going okay and well. On the food side, I think we are even better prepared now for the merge with N&B on this side as well. So a ton of learnings. I could talk even further, but this might be the most important ones. And it was very helpful. I think for us, to take on something like N&B without having had Frutarom before as an integration exercise, would have been a very, very tough one. But I think the key learnings have helped that quite a bit to be very, very well prepared. And I would say, right now, we are light years ahead of what we had with our last integration. That's what I always hear when I talk to my head of integration. I hope that helps. 
Operator: Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein. 
Gunther Zechmann: Can I ask two, please? Firstly, on the intra-quarter trends in Q3, thanks for providing that slide with the monthly sales growth. When I think back what you said with Q2 earnings call, I think I remember you said that July order book was up in the mid- to high single digits. So can you just talk about the difference between what you saw then in the order book and what actually came through to lead to the lower growth? That's the first question. And the second one, on the raw material side, Rustom, did I understand you correctly that raw material -- price to raw material was still a headwind, but you included the COVID costs into -- or some of it at least in the raw material cost? If you could clarify that, and how much that would be, if that's right? How much that would be if you strip that out? 
Andreas Fibig: Sure thing. Gunther, I take the first one. What we've seen in the COVID crisis is that many customers have changed a bit their behavior in terms of orders. We see at the beginning of the quarter probably more orders than usual because everybody tries to get their stuff they need. And that's true, by the way, for the fourth quarter as well, which is very high, but we are cautious because we don't know how that will, let's say, good on over the quarter. That's the reason. So we have seen, let's say, a deterioration also in the third quarter over the course of the quarter that the order book went down.
 And you see sales went up a bit in October, again, but who knows what will happen in September -- in December. Sorry for that. And also the comparison is certainly a tough one. So as I said, a bit of a different order behavior of our customers, also depending on the region. We see now some movements in Europe, which is probably because of the lockdown situation. And you sit in London, and we see some movements now for the Brexit, which will now happen probably finally. And you see some movements back and forth as well. So that's the reason for that. But on the raw materials, please, Rustom, you comment. 
Rustom Jilla: Yes. Thanks, Andreas. Yes, in Q3, it was a negative, right? I mean -- and one of it was Fragrance Ingredients that I talked about where we continue to use high cost inventory, right? And COVID -- the COVID part within our raw materials of usage coming through was a few million dollars as well, which will be much less going into Q4, simply the lag of when we order and the inventory and when it gets used, right? In Q4, I mean, Gunther, we expect it to be still the net of pricing and raw material costs to be negative, but a very slight negative because we actually expect, in general, some positive input costs and then rest in there. So hopefully, that gives you the answer to that. 
Operator: Ghansham Panjabi with Baird. 
Thomas Digenan: This is Tom Digenan on for Ghansham. So starting with Taste, could you provide some additional details on margins in the quarter and why they were down more on a year-over-year basis versus 2Q, particularly in context of the sequential improvement in Food Service and what appeared to be solid results otherwise? 
Rustom Jilla: Let me take that. 
Andreas Fibig: You go, Rustom. You go. 
Rustom Jilla: Thanks. Let me take this quickly. It's the -- it's COVID impact, right? If you think about the COVID costs coming through, we saw that the roughly $5 million of extra costs that we incurred in the quarter flowed through, and it was much more in Taste than it was in Scent when we had. I mean there was also -- Scent benefited -- you are comparing Scent and Taste implicitly and Scent benefited from Fine Fragrance coming back, I mean, like a minus 17% at the end and the minus 14% in the quarter. Those numbers is considerably better than the minus 40% that we had in Q2. So you saw the benefit plus a lot of productivity and cost discipline coming through the numbers. Taste was good in terms of its cost control -- of its OpEx cost control as well. But just the combination of the Food Service and the different businesses, I mean, on the gross margin, we had a tough quarter. 
Thomas Digenan: That's really helpful. And then just as a quick follow-up. You called out a positive trends in October. Could you provide some more granularity on this from an end market and geographic perspective? And whether there's anything that's changed in November as lockdowns have been gradually reinstated? 
Rustom Jilla: October, I mean, Andreas, do you want me to take that? 
Andreas Fibig: Yes, sure. You take it. You start. 
Rustom Jilla: I mean, October, I mean, the sales -- I mean, it was basically -- I mean, basically, in the low single digits. I mean it was pretty much in line with Q3. We're not really seeing anything bigger from that perspective. The -- as the lockdowns come into Europe, which have been coming basically at the end of October into November, right, we do expect that's going to have a bit of an impact on our Food Service, in particular. Andreas? 
Andreas Fibig: No. I think that's exactly right. What we have seen actually is stronger sales on Fine Fragrances, which was positive in October, which is actually -- it's great. We will see how it pans out over the rest of the quarter. It's an important season for us because it's ahead of the holiday season. So that's important. That's what we have seen. And we have seen still a double-digit growth on Consumer Fragrances, which is great as well, but not too much of a change, as was some said of the previous quarter. And as I said, we are really looking here from week-to-week how we are moving forward. And Gunther's question was the same as how is the order book? The order book is strong, but we will see whether it deteriorates over the course of the quarter. And that's the reason why we are cautious. In terms of regions, I think Rustom is right. Europe is our focal area right now. I think it's good for North America. North America is good. Latin America is probably better than you would expect. Asia is okay because now we see that India is coming back, which is great. But Europe is still a focus area. And that's certainly driven by the new lockdowns we see all over Europe. 
Operator: We'll go next to John Roberts with UBS. 
John Roberts: I just have 1 question. One of the N&B revenue synergy examples cited earlier was plant-based meat. Could we get an update on what's going on in that marketplace, since it seems like there have been a lot of developments recently? 
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you, John, for the question. It's certainly one of our focus areas because I believe we are exceptionally strong positioned in that area going forward because we have all the ingredients to satisfy by the market here. What we see is that basically, many companies are now moving into that area. The category was suffering at the beginning a bit from quick-service restaurants being down. That is coming back now in some of the geographies, which is good. But you see more and more that these products are going into supermarkets like Whole Foods and others alike. So what I want to say here is they had a bit of a hard time at the beginning of the pandemics with the quick-service restaurants. They are coming back. We see more companies moving into that area, and we see that the whole category is growing, and that's our expectations for the years to come as well. I hope it helps, John. 
Operator: We'll go next to Matthew DeYoe with Bank of America. 
Matthew DeYoe: A question on the way you report and walked through all these slides. Like why not use the same currency-neutral sales results as all your peers? It just seems like we're wasting time walking through all these quarter-to-quarter and candidly it's odd that you plan to flag on kind of fundamentals with this? 
Andreas Fibig: I couldn't agree more. I give it to Rustom. 
Rustom Jilla: Look, it's something we're looking at, honestly. I mean we do believe that our way of looking at it is more right, as I said earlier. And -- but at the end of the day, I mean, it is frustrating that when you compare it to our peers, it makes the report, the numbers that we put out, we're doing ourselves a disservice in an environment where the emerging currency -- where the emerging currencies are weakening. As I said in there, I'll just say 1 quick thing in point. So if you just look at our Scent's performance and if you look at our Scent performance reported on apples-to-apples basis, right, I mean we're talking about 8% type growth. So anyway, I'll leave it at that. 
Andreas Fibig: Yes. It's a discussion with our Audit Committee, but we're working on it. Let's put it that way. 
Operator: Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. 
Adam Samuelson: So I wanted to come back to something, Andreas, you said in the prepared remarks around lessons from Frutarom. And you made the point on sales dis-synergies. And I was hoping if you could kind of maybe provide a little more tangible examples of where within the Frutarom experience that has been a headwind? Are you just talking like resource or other businesses there that we should be mindful that they've been a little bit more pressured? 
Andreas Fibig: Yes, sure. Absolutely. Look, there were some dis-synergies we have seen. Maybe we have talked about the citrus business we had out of Florida, where we have supplied 1 of our competitors. They lost their big customers, but they also have built their own, let's say, capabilities here, and we lost quite significant part of the citrus business. That's actually probably 1 of the premier examples for sales dis-synergy. We don't expect too many sales dis-synergies from N&B. But we have built it in. And we said that if we look at the sales synergies, it always has to be a net number as it is on the cost side as well. So we are very aware of that. And we make sure that we really capture it in the right way. I hope that example helps. 
Operator: We are out of time for Q&A. I'll turn it back to Andreas for any closing remarks. 
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you for all of your questions. Thank you for that. It was a good discussion, and we're looking forward for the one on ones. Thank you, and stay healthy, please. Bye-bye. 
Rustom Jilla: Bye-bye everyone. 
Operator: And this does conclude today's program. We appreciate your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. Rustom F. Jilla - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.
Analysts: Mark Astrachan - Stifel Financial Corp. Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. James Targett - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom) Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's second quarter 2020 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to our outlook for the third quarter and full year 2020. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on March 3, 2020 and in our press release, all of which are on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued yesterday and which is posted on our website. With me on the call is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rustom Jilla. We will begin with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have. With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Before I get into some of the highlights and key accomplishments for the first half of 2020, I would like to take a moment to recognize essential workers around the world, including some of our IFFers who continue to fuel our global supply chain and keep our economy moving forward. Your strength and dedication are truly commendable and I thank you for your efforts. While we continue to operate in challenging times, I'm proud to say that our employees have continued to meet and exceed the needs and expectations of our customers around the world. Today, I will focus my remarks on a review of the highlights from the first half of 2020, as well as an update of business dynamics with regards to COVID-19. Rustom will then provide a more detailed review of our Q2 financial performance. Lastly, we will provide an update on our progress towards completing the previously announced transaction with DuPont N&B. There is no question that over the last several months, our business has been operating in a very difficult environment. Nevertheless, we have acted quickly to maintain continuity across our global operations in 44 countries, while simultaneously integrating the Frutarom business and establishing the foundation for our pending combination with DuPont N&B. I'm extremely proud of what our teams around the world has accomplished as we continue to move our business forward and tirelessly serve our customers. In this uncertain environment, our business has proven to be resilient. Fortunately, approximately 85% of our portfolio serves end markets that remain in high demands for COVID-19, including food, beverage, hygiene and disinfection. Our strong performance and growth in these areas, which in the first half of 2020 was approximately 5% on a currency neutral basis, helped to partially offset expected weakness in our segments that have been most affected by the pandemic. These markets, including Fine Fragrance and Food Service, have been particularly sensitive to the downward pressure of the pandemic and have seen a double-digit decline over the first half of 2020. The challenges of 2020 also affirms to us that IFF plays a vital role in the global CPG supply chain, especially for the world's most import manufacturers in food and beverage, as well as essential home, personal care and sanitation supplies. IFF's broad-based exposure across regions, categories and customer positions us to remain resilient through the ongoing challenges brought about by the pandemic. Amid these challenges, we remain on track with our Frutarom integration efforts, with only modest delays due to COVID-19, achieving very good cost synergies. We continue to expect to have majority of the integration completed by the end of this year. Similarly, we continue to make significant progress with our efforts to complete our merger with N&B. We have now achieved regulatory clearance in the United States, China, Colombia and Serbia. We have filed our definitive proxy statement and look forward to the shareholder award on August 27. We continue to make significant strides in our integration planning, which is very exciting when you consider the long-term potential of the combined businesses. As we shared in our business update in June 8, 2020, we remain cautiously optimistic in our outlook for the remainder of the year. The pandemic continues to be significant and a volatile factor in our lives. It creates uncertainty around the world, with rapidly changing operating environment and economic impacts. We are fortunate that a majority of our end markets continue to operate with relative strengths, but, as we have discussed before, our business is not totally immune from disruption of the pandemic. Turning to slide 7 and an overview of our financial performance in the first half of 2020, the first two quarters, we achieved $2.5 billion in sales, with currency neutral sales growth of 1%, which is largely attributed to the strong growth we saw in the Consumer Fragrances, which grew double digits and Savory Solutions, which was up mid-single digits. We also generated an adjusted operating profit of $478 million and adjusted EPS of $2.99, both excluding amortization. While this performance is moderately down year-over-year, these metrics reflect pressure from lower sales volume and adverse mix, as well as higher costs as a result of COVID-19. Through the prioritization of CapEx and improving our core working capital, I am pleased to report that we are able to generate significant free cash flow. For the first half of 2020, cash flow improved double digits, with operating cash flow increased 12% and free cash flow growing a very strong 94%. I'm encouraged by the resilience of our business through incredible challenging environment of the second quarter, where we saw the global peak to-date of regulatory restrictions. Moving to slide 8, I would like to walk you through IFF's effort and approach to managing through the pandemic, while ensuring the safety of our employees and our continued uninterrupted partnership with our customers around the globe. As our teams have led a truly admirable performance to deliver through the challenging period, we have also begun to look ahead to our operations in this new normal. Like I've said before, ensuring the health and safety of our employees has and always will be our utmost concern and is number one priority at IFF. As many countries and cities have begun to reopen and are moving out of complete lockdown, we are keeping a close eye on the recommendations of local and global public health officials, especially as it relates to implementing our return to work protocols. With each region recovering along varying timelines, our approach is to evaluate each of our facilities and offices on a case-by-case basis. While all of our manufacturing sites are open and operating fully, most remain limited to essential employees only. As for our corporate offices, all of our non-essential employees continue to work from home as of right now. Logistics remain an operating challenge, with lead times still higher than they would be on a normal basis, but we have been able to adapt fairly quickly to new local policies with minimal incremental expense. On the procurement side, costs remained elevated, as there are still some challenges in obtaining various raw materials. We are proactively addressing the situation to secure these necessary materials going forward and evaluating opportunities to mend processes of our supply chain for the future. Finally, when it comes to our creative centers, I am proud to say that even amid a global pandemic, in typical IFF fashion, we are creating innovative solutions to support our customers, whether in person or remotely. As restrictions and closures ease, we have already seen significant improvement in our pipeline. With that, I will turn the call over to Rustom, who will discuss the Q2 results in greater detail.
Rustom F. Jilla - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Andreas. Good morning and good afternoon, everybody. On slide 9, we've outlined a more detailed look at our financial performance in the last quarter. On a currency neutral basis, IFF generated $1.2 billion in sales, down 4% when compared to Q2 2019 and primarily driven by weakness in Fine Fragrance and Food Service, which represents approximately 15% of our portfolio. The remainder of our portfolio, which includes food, beverage, hygiene and disinfection products, collectively grew 2% in the quarter on a currency neutral basis, though offset by a 38% decline on a currency neutral basis in Fine Fragrance and Food Service combined. In addition to lower sales volume, we were impacted by an adverse sales mix and unfavorable price to raw material costs in the quarter, which pressured our operating profit excluding amortization and offset operational expense savings in the quarter. Despite a lower effective tax rate and more favorable other income, therefore, our adjusted earnings per share, excluding amortization, was similarly impacted in Q2, driven by the decline in operating profit. Before moving into the details, I want to take a moment to remind those that are new to the IFF story about the currency neutral sales growth methodology difference between the way we report our growth and our competitors report. For a variety of reasons, many of our sales transactions in the emerging markets occur either in US dollars or other hard currencies, or are indexed to hard currencies when we have to invoice in local market currencies. When reporting our currency neutral sales growth, we exclude these foreign exchange-related prices in emerging markets. But this is different from our peers. We believe our reporting standard provides investors with a truer assessment of underlying currency neutral growth, especially when there are large emerging market devaluations relative to the US dollar or euro. However, it's important to have all of you understand our performance relative to competition. During the second quarter of 2020, the stronger USD environment, plus significant emerging market devaluations year-over-year in several key markets, had approximately a 2 percentage point currency impact on growth, if we include emerging market pricing. Factoring in this comparability adjustment, our second quarter sales decline would have been 2% rather than 4%. Turning to slide 10, it's important to take a closer look at the underlying dynamics of our various business segments. In our first quarter 2020 conference call, I presented this slide in the outlook section as I believed it provided a good summary of the many moving parts we saw at that point in time. As we now see, much of what we expected and communicated came to fruition. As we've said before, we remain fortunate that most of IFF's business serves end markets and categories with relative strength. The categories most exposed to temporary disruption of customer access to retail markets, such as Fine Fragrance and the away-from-home channel, such as Food Service suffered. And yet, increased demand for products used in packaged food, beverage, hygiene and disinfection categories has led to strong results in Taste, excluding Food Service and in Consumer Fragrances. In our Fragrance Ingredients business, demand is strong. Yet, the pandemic created a raw materials headwind as we prioritize the use of our Fragrance Ingredients to support our Fragrance Compounds business forgoing external sales. I'm happy to report that in the month of July, as restrictions have eased, we have seen that the business has returned to growth, a trend that we expect to continue in the third quarter. As we approach the new normal in many regions across the world, we expect that the supply chain complications will ease and demand for away-from-home products will slowly return. Looking at slide 11, I'd like to review the underlying drivers impacting our profitability in the quarter. COVID-19 has clearly had an impact on profitability, significantly influencing volume, mix, and costs. The year-over-year change in profitability is mainly a result of a significant drop in volume, representing approximately half of our adjusted operating profit decline. Unfavorable price to raw material costs also impacted profitability, primarily in Fragrance Ingredients where prices were reduced to reflect future commodity cost reduction and where we are working through higher cost inventory. Unfortunately, with the steep decline in Fine Fragrance, sales mix was unfavorable and we also saw incremental COVID-19 manufacturing and procurement costs. To minimize these impacts, we were focused on disciplined cost management and continued productivity, both helping to protect profitability during this difficult time. We were encouraged by the realization of cost synergies from the Frutarom deal and expect this will remain core to our profitability story as we see revenues return in the coming quarters. Now, looking at our Scent division on slide 12, currency neutral sales declined 4% in the quarter. I'm happy to share that for the third quarter in a row, we achieved double-digit sales growth in Consumer Fragrance, which can be attributed to robust growth in fabric, home, hair care, and personal wash. And while we did benefit from COVID-19 in some areas through higher volume, our commercial performance, or new wins was very strong, nearly 50% higher than our previous five-year average for the second quarter. Also the new core lists (16:34) where we recently gained access, core to our 2021 strategy, grew more than 85% in the second quarter and represented nearly 20% of our Consumer Fragrance growth. At the BU level, this was offset largely by the 40% sales decline in Fine Fragrance due to the disruption of our consumers' ability to reach retail markets and reduced travel needs. This had an adverse impact on volume in the existing business, which was down double digits, as well as new wins which traditionally are very strong but were also down as a result of COVID-19. We also saw lower Fragrance Ingredients external sales as we prioritized our Fragrance Compounds business due to supply restrictions in India. This has now improved, and we expect performance will continue to improve going forward. Cumulatively, the Scent business had sales of $450 million, down 4%; and a segment profit of $70 million, down roughly 25% at a 15.6% profit margin. Now, moving to Taste on slide 13, we saw currency neutral sales decline 5% in the quarter. From a category perspective, as COVID-19 restrictions kept consumers from eating outside their homes, away-from-home channels, such as Food Service, saw a significant 36% decline in the quarter. To put this in context, the decline in Food Service represented about 5 percentage points of the sales decline, meaning the business would have grown, excluding Food Service. From a regional perspective, North America showed resilience, yet emerging markets underperformed, given significant COVID-19 driven regulatory restriction in places like India and Latin America. India alone, which represents about 4% of total Taste sales, saw sales drop by almost 30%. From a customer perspective, we saw weakness across smaller local and regional customers, mainly Food Service. This was most evident in Frutarom, where standalone sales declined high-single digits in the second quarter. Discontinued Frutarom businesses, which will not be in the comparative periods going forward, remained headwind in Q2. So, for Taste overall, the business had $748 million in sales, down 5%; and segment profit of $107 million, down 15% for a 14.3% profit margin. Now, turning to slide 14, I'd like to provide an overview of IFF's cash flow performance and it's probably more useful to look at this year-to-date. The chart on the left is designed to show the reconciliation from reported net income to free cash flow, inclusive of all the drivers. Operating cash flow was up 12% in the first half, which was primarily due to improvements in core working capital levels in Q2. Within core working capital, the improvement was largely driven by days payable outstanding, while days sales outstanding ended better than expected. We will continue to effectively manage our balance sheet by taking actions to generate strong cash flow and to maintain ample liquidity even during a prolonged global downturn. We also continue to invest in the business, especially as we work towards completing the Frutarom integration. Our capital expenditure as a percentage of sales was roughly 3.1% compared to 4.6% the previous year. The improvements in core working capital levels combined with the prioritized CapEx structure has led to strong free cash flow of $128 million, up 94% from the year ago period. Reflecting our confidence in our future cash flow generation, we are pleased to announce that we are raising our quarterly dividend by 3% to $0.77 per share. This marks 11 years of consecutive dividend increases and underscores our confidence in our business, our long-term strategy, and strong cash flow generation. Moving forward, we will continue to take a thoughtful approach to managing cash flow, continuing to prioritize the focus on core working capital and CapEx. Before passing back to Andreas, I want to take a moment to provide an update through the first month of the third quarter. On slide 15, you can see our sales trajectory during the first half of 2020 and the marked rebound we have seen unfold in the third quarter so far. We started the year strong in January with mid-single digit currency neutral sales growth. And although the emergence of COVID-19 impacted sales from mid-March, we are starting to see a notable performance in – improvement in performance in July. As global mobility is gradually improving and restrictions and closures are eased, the categories and markets impacted in Q2 are showing promising signs of improvement. Should the environment continue to improve, we're quite hopeful that we can regain a more normalized level of growth. And with that, let me turn back to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Rustom. Now, as we consider what the remainder of 2020 will look like for IFF, we're doing our best to anticipate performance in a global environment that remains quite volatile and unpredictable. We are actively evaluating evolving global market dynamics and regulatory conditions to understand and anticipate how these factors will impact our business performance, our people, and our customers. We are proud to supply solutions and ingredients for essential products in the food, beverage, hygiene and disinfection product categories, especially as these drive 85% of our current portfolio. As Rustom has stated earlier, our July sales performance has improved, growing in low-single digits. Consumer Fragrance continues to grow double digits and we are seeing a double-digit trend in Cosmetic Actives. Fragrance Ingredients had also improved as restriction eased, growing mid-single digits in July. In Taste, growth in Flavors in North America led by Tastepoint is more than offsetting pressure in Latin America. And we are seeing robust double-digit growth in health-oriented products, as well as an improvement in natural colors. We do, however, anticipate that Fine Fragrances and Food Services will remain impacted by market pressures in the second half of the year, but expect improving trends versus what we experienced in Q2. A good example of this is that our gelato ingredients, a category severely impacted by COVID-19 in the second quarter is now up low-single digits to-date in the third quarter. As we enter the second half of 2020, we will continue to effectively manage our business by taking actions to generate strong cash flow by targeting reductions in operational and capital expenses. With the positive signs of improvement in our performance that we are beginning to see in the third quarter, we remain cautiously optimistic that we will see further market improvements in the quarter and beyond. Turn to slide 17, I'm very pleased to share with you now an update on where we stand with the integration planning of our previously announced merger agreement with DuPont N&B. We made a lot of headway in the first half of 2020, reaching key milestones like clearance in the US, China, Colombia, Ukraine, and Serbia, regulatory processes and announcing our combined company's progress vision, operating model, and leadership team. We are well on our way to establishing the foundation and framework that will be essential to achieving the potential of this exciting combination. More recently, in July, we filed definitive proxy and set the date for our special shareholders' meeting in connection with the merger which will occur later this month on August 27. We expect to earn our shareholder support for this exciting combination in the coming weeks, and remain on track to completing our transaction and uniting our organization in the first quarter of 2021. In summary, I'm proud to say that IFF has stayed resilient through the first half of 2020 amid the unprecedented circumstances of COVID-19. We have achieved solid financial performance, while delivering for our 30,000-plus customers globally and executing on the integration processes for Frutarom and N&B. As we have said before, IFF plays a central role in the global CPG supply chain as a vital partner to world renowned brands, regional leaders and new innovators alike. Our position across end markets, customers with our global reach has created a real resiliency in our business that shines through these difficult times. With Frutarom, we are realizing the significant potential that our enhanced capabilities and expanded customer base will have for the IFF's long-term growth. Similarly, we look forward to joining forces with DuPont N&B and have made significant advancements in our integration planning and paths to regulatory and shareholder approval. I am deeply grateful to our employees across the globe, whose commitment and dedication to IFF and our customers has been unwavering. We have started to see improvements in our performance in July and remain cautiously optimistic about how this may translate into financial performance in the second half of 2020. IFF and our balanced portfolio remain well equipped to adapt and succeed in this unpredictable global environment. With that, I would now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: We'll take our first question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel Financial Corp.: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel Financial Corp.: I guess just to start. So, if you look at the broader share trend, even normalizing for how you're accounting for FX relative to peers, it seems there's a bit of an increasing divergence in your results for sales versus those of the largest F&F peers. I guess, I'm curious. Do you see the same thing, or it seems somewhat obvious to the folks from the outside in? So, I'd be curious to that perspective. And then if so, what is driving it and when should we anticipate those trends to normalize? And sort of related to that, it would seem, maybe, to trace back to the Frutarom deal. So, if true, what are you doing, best practices and such that you're putting in place, so as to not repeat those when you close the DNB (28:09) deal early next year.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure. Thank you, Mark, for the question. I'll take it. As you alluded, certainly, it's good to take the FX reported numbers and compare apple-to-apples. I think that's number one. Number two I would say, we should judge our performance beyond just one quarter and should look at multiple quarters. And if you see, for example, in the first quarter, we led our industry in growth. I think that's a topic. The second one is, if you look at Q2, the emerging markets were pretty much under pressure. And you see that we are a bit over-indexed in the emerging markets. For example, India, we're a market leader in India with our Taste business, for example. That was actually a pretty bad hit on that business, which is, by the way, rebounding. And then we are – certainly, we're winning some smaller customers, which plays a role here as well. Fundamentally, I believe both will help us with our long-term growth, the smaller customers and the emerging market as well, as soon as we see the COVID pressures are easing. And if you look at July, I expect, actually, that the third quarter already will be – will look much different than the second quarter. That's what we have seen in our numbers for July. I think Rustom has shown it in his slide. We see it, in particular, in some of these areas where we have a good and strong performance on Consumer Fragrances, for example. You see that categories like home care or personal wash are really up in very, very high single digits. We believe that's a trend to stay. So, hygiene products will stay even after the, let's say, acute COVID crisis, quite as strong. We see a good rebound already in Fine Fragrances, so not as bad as we have seen it before. And the same holds true actually for Food Service. I just looked it up. April was our worst number and Food Service was down by 44.1%; in July, it's down by minus 7.7%. Just to tell you that the weak spots I think are improving, and the strong pieces of the portfolio are staying strong and helping us to grow our business going forward, which will help us with our mix going forward in the third quarter as well. I hope that helps, Mark.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel Financial Corp.: Sure. Thank you. I guess just somewhat related to that, maybe sticking on the commentary about June versus July. So, I guess, I was surprised a bit that June was worse, given that most of your customers kind of talked about sequentially improving trends through the second quarter. So, maybe why, beyond the obvious, the comparisons for you are easier in 3Q, why did you see this improvement beginning in July? Why was June a bit worse? Does it speak to inventory levels for customers? Is it just simply third quarter, people started ordering more product? Where do you think inventory levels are for those customers? And how do you think about the durability of what you just said about July through the quarter?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Look, on inventory levels of the customers, it's tough to comment on, because we see huge differences from customer-to-customer, from region-to-region, and category-to-category. That's a big difference. I would say July is better for us because some of the categories which were hard hit in the second quarter, like Food Service, are improving better. That's certainly helping and that some of the emerging markets like India, for example, are performing much, much better. In July, we have actually a double-digit growth going forward and that helped us a lot. Why June had a little bit of a dip even compared to May? If I look at our daily sales, it's not so much. I think it's a comparable. I would not take this too – I think it depends also on the order pattern and what we see right now, as I said, July pretty strong for us and the order book for the third quarter is up mid-single to high-single digits as well. So, I believe that the trend will continue. So, it's a bit of phasing in there as well. But, Rustom, you please or Mike, you please comment.
Rustom F. Jilla - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No. I agree, Andreas. I would just – you've seen the phasing, you've seen the average daily sales. There's no deceleration in the numbers. And then coming through into July, I mean, you've seen a very nice – we've seen a very nice in comparative terms pickup in areas that were like Fine Fragrances where – compared to where they were going through May, and then June, and where July is, and then Food Service, as Andreas said. So, nothing, but reiterating what he said really there.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Hi. Good morning.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, I wanted to just shift gears a little bit actually, and talk about N&B because it feels like – so you have your shareholder vote at the end of this month, and it feels to me that the deal might close soon after that, maybe earlier than your target. And I'm looking at slide 17 and I was wondering, Andreas, maybe if you could give us a little bit more color around how do you expect to go from at close, like the second to last box that you have on that slide to the revenue and cost synergy capture by end of year three. So, I'm sure we'll get into it in more detail as time goes on, but I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of a preview of how you are expecting things to play out from here.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. So, first of all, our assumption is still that we're closing first quarter next year. That's actually the plan also for the carve-out of the business. I think that's important. And right now, we are focusing a lot on, let's say, closing on our food integration. So, the remaining piece of it, which will happen in the early part of the fourth quarter, I think that's important. On the N&B side, as we said, we are progressing actually absolutely according to plan, in some of the areas even a couple of days ahead, which is quite interesting during the COVID environment. I think the teams are doing really a fantastic job. We see also – and just as a remark on the N&B business, you have seen when they reported, actually a bit of growth with 1%, a strong mix. 85% of the portfolio is pretty resilient against the COVID crisis as well. So very similar and a good mix in particular tilted towards the probiotics. But maybe, Rustom, if you can comment as well on the page 17?
Rustom F. Jilla - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes. Absolutely, I'd love to Andreas. We're – and good morning. We are also – in a very detailed way on the synergies, on the sales synergies, we have teams from within the project from the IMO, the integration team working with our business unit people and specifically identifying opportunities to have revenue synergies and what pre-work needs to be done as much as possible. Now, obviously, we can't work together with the N&B people, but we can plan together at this point in time. And so, we are trying to do that. Likewise, on the costs, I mean, I can sort of put on a functional hat for a second. I mean, we are looking at our structure, looking at their structure, looking at our systems, looking at their systems, and basically in a very methodical way going through and trying to identify opportunities to optimize the business and make it stronger and get greater revenue growth without cost and also areas where there's duplication of costs that we can take out. So, just a bit more detail, but it's moving. We want to basically hit the ground running.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. And absolutely, and I would say on the cost savings, we're really on both parts, on the sales savings or synergy certainly as well. We have pretty robust plans in place. I just give you two numbers. We certainly have for the cost savings internally a higher number, which we are working towards. And secondly, we have started with, I think, 400 projects, which could help us with the sales synergies. We narrowed it down to around 100, to make sure that we really focus on the most important ones. And I would say these are really good and robust plans we have in place. And we still have a couple of months until day one. And – but it gives us a good feel because in some areas, as Rustom said, it's robust and we are probably even ahead of plan, which is great.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from John Roberts with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. You noted double-digit growth in Consumer Fragrance. I assume that included a decline in emerging markets outside of China. So, maybe you could peel that apart, how much was emerging markets, excluding China, down in Consumer Fragrance? And then how – actually how high was the rest of the portfolio?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. Sure. So, we see actually a good rebound in our China business, that's for sure. But we have to say that it's not just China, we saw, for example, in July already, actually, a very strong performance of our Consumer Fragrance business in India. Actually, it might just because we looked at the numbers, it was more than 40% for July, which was kind of amazing. But it is because we had a couple of good wins and it's going very well. And we have actually a quite significant and good performance in Latin America as well, believe it or not. So, it's not just China, it is also on the Consumer Fragrance side, some of the emerging markets. Not all of them, but some of the emerging markets are actually performing better than we have expected as well. But maybe, Rustom, you give even more details.
Rustom F. Jilla - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure. So, the emerging markets, there's – John, there's variation between the emerging markets rather than treating them as a particular group, right. India has been the outlier in terms of underperformance. But we have also had an impact in Latin America, in Brazil, and where we have switching from Consumer from – into Fine, where we have a significant market over there that we have seen come off. We don't really think that what's going on in emerging markets is necessarily predictive of what the future is going to be. I mean, it's just as you look at different countries, country-by-country on where they are in terms of the – on the curve of handling COVID is really what we're seeing in terms of Consumer, Food Service, Fine, I mean, all the areas basically.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: What might be interesting, John, for you and for all the colleagues on the phone as well, what we try, because in this very volatile environment, we have doubled down on our consumer insights' studies, and we look certainly how the Consumer looks like during COVID and what can we expect after COVID. And we have never drawn down on three scenes which we're sharing with our customers as well; it's health, home, and hygiene. So, we believe that in some of the areas, like, for example, hygiene and we see it in our Scent products we are selling there, this is a trend which will stay even post-COVID. And as I said, our home care in July, category is up by 27% and personal wash by plus-16%, just to show you what the impact on the business is because these products are so much in demand. On the other hand, it's the home area. We believe that this cocooning at home will stay at least for a couple of months through the winter. So, culinary, everything which is culinary products for home cooking will stay up. We believe that malodor control is an important one. And on the health side, we see that all of our health ingredients, most of them we got through Frutarom, are very much in high demand, that the modulation of sweet is in high demand because governments are again starting to double down on sugar and products. So what I tried to say here is, that we have looked at the consumer insights quite carefully and we are basically now looking how we can orient our organization towards these trends where we believe they will stay for a while to make sure that we get more than a fair share of growth out of these categories. So that's what we're doing, just to give you a bit of a bigger picture and an outlook beyond the third quarter.
Rustom F. Jilla - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: And I didn't answer the specific question by the way. The emerging market is actually mid-single digit. Just to put it in context. So not negative or anything like that, but not as strong as the developed markets, which were obviously much higher to get us to the average.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Oh, yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: A lot of ground's been covered on the revenue side, so maybe just switching to the cost side a little bit, a lot of moving pieces in the second quarter given the volume declines in mix and COVID costs. And I'm just trying to make sure I understand kind of what happened in 3Q, if we're back to organic revenue growth. Price cost, just how do we think about that dynamics playing out over the balance of the year? Kind of what's the incremental COVID-related cost expenses you expect to be absorbing in the next couple of quarters? And just thinking about kind of the operating leverage that is or is not in the business if the revenue growth is back to the trend you saw in July?
Rustom F. Jilla - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So, let me...
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure. Absolutely. We take this. Rustom, you take it.
Rustom F. Jilla - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes. Thanks. Yeah. So, let me break it up and give you a thing. First of all, I'll give you the COVID-related costs, okay? And then primarily procurement, logistics and manufacturing costs. And in Q2, they were about $6 million, okay? $6 million and we would expect this to start declining as we go through the rest of the year, right? Because Q2, as we've already said, is when we thought we had the highest point. There will still be some continuing manufacturing, because as Andreas has said many times, we put the safety of our people first. And so, there are things that we are doing differently until the vaccine comes, in terms of how we manufacture. Then the second part of your question, I believe, and if I missed something, take me back. But the second part of your question was really about pricing and raw material costs, right, and what we have. So, in Q2, it was negative. I mean, our pricing actions did not fully recover our higher costs. And Fragrance Ingredients, for example, we talked about that as well. Now, moving forward, we have the oil-related costs selectively helping us as we move forward. And we should see a benefit from some of those – from – in general, the input costs, we will see a benefit coming from them, right? Definitely. We, however, will have a negative on pricing and that comes a lot from vanilla. I mean, vanilla has dropped back. It was in the 500s. It's dropped back into the 200s. I mean, it could go even lower. And so, you will see that impact on pricing. So, what we are projecting right now is for the net price to raw material costs for the rest of the year to remain negative. Did I cover the – your – both aspects of your question there?
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And then just maybe following on, the cash flow performance in the second quarter was very strong. Is there any reason why that wouldn't persist in the second half of the year? Any cash flow dynamics we should be mindful of?
Rustom F. Jilla - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No. I mean, we'll continue to work on cash flows. So, let me sort of just break up the components, right? I mean, first of all, on our CapEx, I mean, we've been very focused on our CapEx, very early literally from probably February or so. And we set ourselves the target of spending roughly about 10% less on our CapEx for the year than our budget. And we're running even below that, by the way, at this point in time, but that will continue. That's the CapEx, right? We're watching our cash expenses, in general, across the board. And some things are obvious and you'll see that like some things benefit EBITDA, like travel, which will keep coming through. But the other biggest one is working capital. And on our working capital, if you remember what we said even a few months ago, we deliberately moved to build up our inventories so as to avoid customer disruption. I mean, because the two things we tried to do is keep our people safe and avoid disrupting our customers, right? And so far, we've managed to do both. Inventory, we – inventory actually, because of lags in actually receiving it, we were actually a little bit better in Q1 than we expected, a little bit worse in Q2. We do expect that to start to come down now gradually as we go through Q3 and Q4 as we have built it up, right? On our DSO, which is the other big area where we flagged that we were expecting an increase, we actually did particularly well in terms of – compared to where we expected to be. And that was just, say, a lot of focused management from the teams. And that should continue and we would hope as the broad economic situation abates and things get a little bit better, we'd hope to do well on that, too. And then the last component of it was just payables. I mean, we managed that very tightly, in terms of making – sometimes accelerating payments and there's smaller suppliers that we want to keep afloat. And other times, just managing it very tightly, like you'd expect from any company of our size.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. So first, could you update us on regulatory developments on Nutrition & Biosciences transaction in Europe? Why haven't we received a ruling from Europe and do you expect to get one before the shareholder vote?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: We expect actually in the August-September timeframe the ruling. We were going back and forth with them to answer the questions before the summer break. And I think in the next couple of weeks, we should get the clearance in Europe. That's what our lawyers are telling us. So I think we should be on track. Whether we can make it before the shareholder vote, I'm not 100% sure, but early September will be my best guess right now.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then secondly, it looks like your Fine Fragrance business in the first half was down, I don't know, 25%, and maybe your key Swiss competitor was down 16%. Can you talk about the differences in like-for-like sales growth?
Rustom F. Jilla - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. Look, the differences, I would say, are, probably, with the customers. If you look at many of our big Fine Fragrance customers, you see even worse performance than the minus 20%, 25% and that's what's driving it. Because the win rate in our Fine Fragrance business is still pretty good. We see also a good influx of new projects coming. And, as we said, the start into the third quarter was actually pretty encouraging, what we have seen for Fine Fragrances. So, I would say the main differences is the customer structure and how much the customers are selling of their actual products. But I actually expect that this will normalize over the course of the year, because in general, I think our win rate in that area is a very, very good one. And we will see the – and just the – the most important season is right before the holidays, that's where we sell most of our Fine Fragrances. So, end of third quarter, early fourth quarter is actually – that's where you win the year. And that's what we have to watch and I hope when we have the third quarter announcement, that we can give you more news on that one as well. I hope that helps.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I just wanted to – good morning. I wanted to ask a bit first about the US. So, the business was down slightly in the second quarter. It was a sequential improvement, because it was down closer to 1% in the first quarter. But can you talk a little bit about what's going on there because given the first half performance, it wouldn't seem to be specifically COVID-related? All consumer packaged goods sales are through the roof, when you kind of look at what's going on from an end market standpoint. So, what's going on in that business? Maybe have you lost any big contracts or things like that, because it's kind of fallen off because the performance there is, candidly, a bit surprising still? Thanks.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. So, Rustom, can you take the numbers?
Rustom F. Jilla - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So, yeah. I mean, I think you're – are you comparing – are you including sales of Consumer Fragrances in there as well, with the Fine Fragrances or what (51:56)?
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I'm just looking at just US sales.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: In general, Taste and Fragrances, everything?
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Correct.
Rustom F. Jilla - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: In general, our North American business has held up relatively well. I mean, we have seen – if you look at Taste and you look at some of the performance that we've had there, we haven't really seen any big disappointments. We did have the impact in Fine, specifically in North America and Europe. And that could be coloring part of our numbers there because that's where our large global customers are concentrated, right. And in terms of our Consumer business, our Consumer business did well across the board. I mean, in developed markets and I don't have the North American number in my fingertips, but if you look at developed markets, it was in the high-teens, the growth in Q2, Consumer specifically. So, I mean... (52:52)
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Yeah. I think the numbers in the Q suggested the US entirely did not grow in the second quarter, nor in the first, and North America, in total, was like 1% or 2%. So, again, it is a huge contrast to what the majority of the customers are doing. But we'll look back at the Q and double check I haven't misread something that's in the filing. Thanks.
Rustom F. Jilla - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure. Sure. And we can always follow up. We can always follow up later as well, too.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. That would be good. Let's follow up on that one.
Operator: We'll take our next question from James Targett with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
James Targett - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): Hi. Good morning. Two questions for me. Just, firstly, on innovation, you mentioned that you see the project pipeline improving as restrictions are minimized. But just generally, could you talk about what you're seeing in terms of customer appetite for innovation, new product launches, generally? Obviously, we're hearing a lot of CPG companies talk about rationalizing their innovation programs, cutting tail innovations, SKUs, et cetera. So, any color you can give on your position that'd be great. And secondly, just on the – sort of the recovery momentum you're seeing in July. Can you maybe talk about a little – any sort of differences you're seeing between the momentum in your large customers, your global customers versus your smaller or more local ones? Thank you.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure. Absolutely. If I touch on innovation, what we have seen actually when the COVID crisis was on its peak in Europe and in the US, so starting in March, April, even parts of parts of May, we've seen a slowdown in our innovation pipeline. Also, driven by the demand of some of the packaged food, for example, or some of the Consumer Fragrances. So, everybody was trying to get the existing product on the shelf as fast as they could. Since then actually, starting with May, we have seen actually a continuous influx of new projects, actually across the board, in all of our different categories we are playing in and there's more coming. We saw it first, obviously, in China, because that was the first country basically out of the gates in – after the COVID crisis for them and they are already almost back to normal. So, we see that many of the bigger CPGs and also the smallers are now really are back to normal. It's certainly depending customer-by-customer, but many are coming again with new projects to us. So, that's on the first one. On the second one, on the recovery, we see a recovery. We should look at country-by-country and category-by-category. Let me start with not maybe countries, but with regions. Here as well, in the recovery, Asia is now big, in particular India is surging, after India was very impacted in the second quarter. It's really coming back. We see a good comeback on Europe as well. The US is very, very good for us, maybe with the exception of the Fine Fragrance business. And we see an impact on newer projects in Latin America, where we see – and in particular in Brazil and Mexico are now at the peak of the crisis. In terms of the categories, we are happy to report back that not just everybody is looking for solutions on hygiene products, but we see also more demand and new projects on Food Service products, which is really good. I commented already on the Fine Fragrances. Fine Fragrance are coming back as well. On the customer base, we certainly see it with large customers; with smaller customers, it's probably more of a mixed situation where we are in, but some of them are coming back to us as well. So I hope that helps to picturize how we see the situation right now, in terms of innovation, but in terms of recovery as well. And as I said, look, I don't want to bank too much on just the July results, but we see that the order book is quite strong as well for the rest of the quarter and that should help us, actually, with a positive performance as far as we see it. Rustom?
Rustom F. Jilla - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes. Thank you. And we talked a fair amount about Scent earlier on and maybe a little bit of color on our Taste categories, right? If you look at Flavors and if you exclude the impact of India, which we have covered in Food Service, right, the big negative, all our other businesses grew at around 2.5%, and that was mainly due to an increase in North America and Greater Asia, driven by strong commercial performance there and some decrease in EMEA in EAME, due to some postponed new wins, and then of course Latin America, where you have the big negative because of COVID. Savory was another strong quarter, I mean, comparatively. I mean, the in-home consumption channels were up like over 5%, call it, mid-single digits. And again, strong performance in North America and Great Asia offset by some weakness in EMEA and that was due to Food Service because we have a lot of small Food Service customers in EMEA. And then inclusions, I mean, obviously impacted a lot by COVID, but this – as Andreas said, I mean, with gelato coming back quite strongly with what we are going there since – in the last several weeks. And finally, MPS, mixed performance in there. The health aspects of it is extremely strong. And then in some of other food protection areas, there have been some delayed launches and stuff like that. So, all in all, I mean, that just gives a bit of additional color that we didn't share earlier.
Operator: We'll take our final question today from Mark Connelly with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you. Just two quick things. How much differently would you run your operations if we did have a long-term shift to more meals at home, a limited restaurant recovery? I'm wondering how big a restructuring that would be for you. And second, I was just hoping you could help me understand your exposure between quick serve and regular restaurants, and whether those two trended differently as you started to see recovery.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Look, for the meals at home, actually, we are pretty well positioned with our Savory Solutions business because we have an extra culinary area, which we're using for that area. We certainly would look and double down what we can develop here. So, I think that's an important aspect. So, I think it – I wouldn't say it would benefit us more, but it would be certainly very manageable for us as well. On QSR and retail restaurants, we have almost a similar mix. I think that's an important one. And what we see is that some of the quick service restaurants are really coming back now, which is good and it's helping us on the Food Service area as well. But, Rustom, you may comment if you have any more insights.
Rustom F. Jilla - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No. I mean, it's a mix of those two. I mean, we're actually seeing the restaurants coming back as well too, if you looked at our most recent Food Service numbers. But apart from that, the quick service is clearly coming back faster.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Very good.
Operator: Thank you. And this will conclude today's Q&A session. I'll return the floor to Andreas for closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes. Thank you very much for your time. And these are very exciting times. I hope we gave you good insights on how we see the business, even beyond the second quarter. And we are looking forward to the one-on-ones. Thank you very much. Take care and stay healthy.
Operator: We'll conclude today's program. Thanks for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-12 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFFs first quarter 2020 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay.Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the companys performance, particularly with regard to the outlook for the second quarter and full year 2020. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on March 3, 2020, and in our press release.Today’s presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued yesterday.With me on the call is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rustom Jilla. We will begin with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have.With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, good afternoon, everyone. At IFF with global operations in 44 countries and sales into approximately 200 countries, we have seen firsthand how the coronavirus pandemic has touched our world. This is truly a remarkable moment in history. It presents all of us with new challenges, but also revealed the best of best humanity at the same time.On behalf of everyone at IFF, I want to express my sincere sympathy for all those affected by the pandemic. I also want to thank everyone in the global health care community who exemplifies the best of all of us in responding to this crisis with courage and grace. Everyone on the frontlines to continue to keep our society moving towards as our thanks to all the essential workers in the consumer good supply chain of which IFF is proud to play an important role we thank you for responding so quickly and moving swiftly to deliver for consumers around the world.It is very clear that we are still in the early stages of adjusting to the challenges that pandemic poses to our world. As we will review in more detail later, the IFF business is strongly positioned to be resilient through economic cycles given our substantial portfolio delivering needed solutions to vital consumers and markets. The steps we have taken in recent years including diversifying of our customer base and expansion into more categories have only served to further strengthened our ability to be a vital partner to our customers and affirm our ability to be resilient through the cycles.Like many, were seeing uneven impacts on our business due to the pandemic and the resulting economic challenges. While some end markets are seeing increases in demand, others are seeing notable declines. We are fortunate that only about 15% of our revenue not including Fragrance Ingredients that is subject to the downward pressure right now.However, the unpredictable nature of the pandemic and the early stage of the economic impact creates enough uncertainty for us that we have made the decision to withdraw our full year financial guidance. Rustom will cover this in more detail later, but while we navigate through this challenge, we are committed to providing as much for what outlook as we can. So you understand the trends driving earnings.On today’s call, I will provide an executive overview of our operational and financial performance for the first quarter 2020, before offering a more in depth review of IFFs management of the ongoing and evolving COVID-19 situation. Following this discussion, I will ask Rustom to provide a more detailed financial review of the business, including additional insight into our liquidity and capital structure, which is very strong given the uncertainty of the pandemic going forward.As you may also have seen today, we announce important progress related to our pending combination with DuPont Nutrition & Biosciences, including a new guiding purpose and vision for the future combined company as well as our operating model and executive management team post close. Following Rustom’s remarks, I will provide an overview of these important integration updates. Upon the completion of all prepared commentary, well take any questions that you may have.Our strong performance for the first quarter of 2020 affirms the strengths of our organization and the essential position and serving vital end markets through economic cycles. We achieved a strong start of the year with mid-single digit sales and double digit adjusted EPS ex-motorization growth. Most of which are currency neutral basis.Importantly, we continue to achieve financial benefits related to integration of the Frutarom business, both revenue and cost synergies. As I mentioned before, we have also made significant progress with integration planning to support or combination where the DuPont N&B business and I must acknowledge our teams that have worked hard to build the foundation for this combination by continuing to contribute to IFFs day to day operations. All the teams have worked tirelessly to deliver for our customers and have gone above and beyond to support our communities around the world during this time.Our strong quarter as a testament to their unwavering dedication, the underlying strength of our business and our role as an essential partner in the global food and consumer product supply chains. While we have certainly faced many challenges through these unprecedented situation, our operations and global network remains strong and we have taken appropriate steps to ensure our business is well positioned to successfully manage through the pandemic.Looking at our financial performance in the first quarter, I am pleased to say we delivered strong improvements across key financial metrics. In the first quarter, I have achieved sales of US$1.3 billion, which represent a 6% growth on currency neutral basis, driven by our performance in both our Taste and Scent businesses. We also achieved strong adjusted earnings per share of $1.62 excluding amortization, reflecting a 13% year-over-year increase on a currency-neutral basis, led by currency-neutral adjusted operating profit of 9% to US$271 million.In addition, we expanded our operating margin excluding amortization by 60 basis points to 20.1% driven by volume growth and productivity.In summary, IFF entered 2020 with solid momentum and continue to deliver currency neutral sales growth in the high single digits through the end of February. However, for March onwards we started to see the global impact of COVID-19 on our business and we expect this to impact our results in the second quarter as we have seen uneven impact across end markets.Rustom will touch on this in more detail later. I would like to spend a few moments outlining the key characteristics and drivers of our business, which leave IFF very well positioned to navigate today’s new reality. More than ever, it is clear that IFF plays a vital role in the global CPG supply chain, especially for world’s most important manufacturers in food and beverage, as well as essential home personal care and sanitation supplies.IFFs broad-based exposure across regions, categories, and customer positions us to remain resilient, so the ongoing challenges brought about by the pandemic. As a result of regulatory actions and corresponding economic challenges, were as seeing certain reduction and demand in our Fine Fragrance, Cosmetic Active and Food Service offerings where end markets are seeing significant impact.This represents approximately 15% of our revenue. At the same time, we’re seeing tremendous pickup in areas with the solutions that IFF poised absolutely critical to the production of essential products.Our categories exposed to packaged food and beverage and hygiene and disinfection saw continued strong growth during the quarter. That is about 85% of our revenue.Fortunately, our operations remain strong as we continue to deliver the creative solutions that our customers and end consumers demand during these unprecedented times. Our goal from the outset of this crisis has been twofold. First, we are deeply determined to ensure the wellbeing of all people. Second, we are committed to preserve and continue to across the network so that we can continue meeting the needs of our customers.Our global, regional and local crisis teams are working around the clock to do what is the best for people and our business. At core working group, including representative from our executive team and across functional support groups and business teams, meets daily to ensure alignment from top to bottom across our teams. This team is putting in place plans and protocols to be sure we are anticipating what is to come and keep all of our stakeholders engaged to this extended period of disruption.We have been proactively reviewing our resiliency plan to address COVID-19 developments and we are coordinating our response was federal and local health and government entities around the world. We have updated internal protocols as the situation has evolved, taking significant measures to protect our people including implementing enhanced disinfection and sanitation measures at operational facilities and taking precautions to minimize contact among employees as part of social distancing by grouping our professionals into smaller pots and separating their work shifts. For those able to work from home, were instituting a remote working policy across many of our locations as well.Given IFFs vital role in the consumer product supply chain, we continue to secure essential designations that provide our company with permission to manufacture our products around the world as governments extend workplace restrictions. A good example of our team working through these unexpected challenges has been India.Recently, our Chennai facility, where we have been secured essential business designations was still forced to shut for several days due to regulatory restrictions. Thanks to the diligence of our team and a strong working relationship was regulated. We were able to move ahead of time and response to the shutdown to meet all customer demands to the shutdown while keeping employees safe.In terms of all operations, we are seeing some challenges with logistics and our lead times have increased, but the team is doing an excellent job navigating the transportation restrictions. We realize we are certainly not alone in this challenge. For these reasons, we have also seen some limitation on raw material distribution and have activated our contingency plans to limit the disruption that any material shortages might have for our customers.While we have seen disruptions to our supply chain, it has been mostly limited to the regions where the most significant government restrictions are in place, including Italy, Spain and India. On the new project and innovation front, most of our creative centers remain open and engaging remotely as needed and I’m happy to say that all project pipeline remains solid across our entire portfolio.As I mentioned from the outset, while our business has displayed impressive resilience through the evolving situation, we continue to proactively take steps that will ensure that IFF is operating from a position of financial strengths. Specifically, we are adapting and especially disciplined approach to cost management. This means were tightening any nonessential spend and reviewing new opportunities for efficiencies that can preserve our margin profile.We also are looking at CapEx and considering near-term priorities while pushing out our longer-term investments as appropriate and were considering additional ways to optimize our net working capital by closely reviewing existing inventories and pursuing collections.Lastly, we have a strong cash position with US$1 billion of untapped credit revolver available, giving us confidence and ensuring our strong position even in the event of a prolonged economic downturn. Even in the midst of increased demand and the challenging operating environment, our teams have mobilized to support frontline healthcare workers and first responders across the global IFF network. IFFers across the globe have found very creative ways to leverage the companys unique capabilities and innovative spirit and lead a number of exciting community focused initiatives, including from New Jersey to the Netherlands, IFF has modified our production facilities to allow for the manufacturer and distribution of hand sanitizers.Today, IFF has donated more than 65 metric tons of hand sanitizers globally to first responders and other organizations in need. Our North America Scent creative team quickly developed a new scent, HOPE 2020, that has been used by IFF and other partners in the production of hand sanitizers.Our Scent team has also partnered with Harvard Medical School and Mass General Hospital to create early detection smell test for asymptomatic carriers, the first develop globally. In India, our facilities donated food and other necessary sanitation items to local orphanages, hospitals and police stations. These actions speak to how I’m please continue to embody our commitment to care for the resource of our world and nothing could be more important than caring for our communities.I could not be more proud of the spirit of caring that IFF has demonstrated throughout the global pandemic.With that, I would like to turn it over to Rustom who will discuss our first quarter financial performance in greater detail.
Rustom Jilla: Thank you, Andreas. Now to Slide 12, I am taking a more detailed look at our quarterly financial performance. On a currency neutral basis, IFF delivered broad based sales growth of 6% versus 2019 first quarter. Adjusted operating profit margin improved in both Taste and Scent with procurement synergies, volume leverage and productivity initiatives and discipline research, sales and administration or RSA cost containment. And this helped produce our operating expenses as a percentage of sales.I am therefore pleased to say that we also saw solid profit growth in roughly 60 points of currency neutral margin expansion on an adjusted operating profit mix amount basis. COVID-19 did impact our P&L in Q1, but more in terms of sales mix rather than in total dollars and only in the final weeks of the quarter.It did have a modest negative impact on our adjusted operating profit in the quarter causing us to incur extra manufacturing costs, additional freight expenses and higher raw material costs. But most of these went into inventory and will not be in expenses. Our currency neutral earnings per share excluding amortization grew a strong 13% with robust operating profit growth boosted by lower year-over-year interest expenses and a lower effective tax rate.FX adversely impacted our reported numbers pulling sales and adjusted operating profits down a couple of percent. It had a much larger negative impact on other income/expenses in March as a result of currencies collapsing globally against the dollar and the Euro. So on a reported basis, this pulled down year-on-year adjusted EPS growth.Now looking at our Scent division, on Slide 13. In the first quarter, currency neutral Scent sales grew 7% with growth in all regions and nearly all categories. Sales performance was strongest in consumer fragrance with the double digit increase led by robust growth at led by robust growth in Fabric, Home & Hair Care. And while we did experience a volume lift on COVID-19, especially from the increase in hygiene and disinfection categories, we also benefited from strong new wins including with customers where we have recently gained access through their colleagues.We also saw high single digit growth in Fragrance Ingredients led by robust volume growth. At the same time, Fine Fragrances sales declined as disruption of consumer access to retail market. And it pronounced drop in global travel due to COVID-19 led to deceleration late in the quarter.Fine Fragrance has started 2020 well and was growing until the last couple of weeks of the quarter even against last Q1 double digit comp. And then we saw a significant contraction as our customers adapted their supply chains for new store closure and travel realities. This trend has continued in Q2 with a far greater impact and I will elaborate on this shortly. For the entire Scent segment, we posted a 20.4% segment profit margin and segment profit grew to $105 million, up 19% on a currency neutral basis driven by volume growth and lower operating expenses.Moving to Taste on Slide 14. We saw currency neutral sales growth of 5% in the first quarter, having achieved increases in all regions. We saw mid-to-high single digit growth in LATAM, Greater Asia & EAME. From a category perspective, we again saw significant mid-teens growth in Savory Solutions with very strong growth in EAME, our largest market and also LATAM.Flavors grew low single digits led by Greater Asia and Latin America and this was driven by strong commercial performance or new wins in particular in the attractive categories of beverage and dairy. Though Frutarom is now mostly incorporated in the Taste business, we did commit to continue providing updates as to how sales were doing as if this had remained on a stand-alone basis. So if we had measured Frutarom as a stand-alone currency neutral sales would have grown by roughly 4% versus the prior year.For the entire Taste business, we had a 16.5% margin with segment profit growing 6% to $137 million led by volume benefits and Frutarom integration-related synergies. You may have noticed that Taste segment profit margin appears lower than you are used to see. This is because Frutarom is now included and there is approximately $44 million of amortization of intangible assets.Now, I would like to provide an update on cash flow through the first quarter of 2020. The chart on Page 15 is designed to show the reconciliation from reported net income to cash flow inclusive of all the drivers. Operating cash flow was $17 million in the first quarter down from $47 million in 2019s first quarter primarily due to higher core working capital levels. Within core working capital, we had solid improvements in inventory that were offset by higher accounts receivable as a result of strong sales in Q1 2020 as well as the 2019 calendar effect.We expect the portion of this will normalize as we moved through the year. Nevertheless, our cash conversion cycle in Q1 2020 was consistent with 2019s first quarter. We continue to invest in the business, particularly for planned capacity increases and Frutarom integration.Our capital expenditures as a percentage of sales in the first quarter of 2020 was 3.6% and this was versus last years 4.5%. And I will touch on our outlook for the balance of the year in a moment. The net impact on our free cash flow defined as operating cash flow less CapEx, were a negative $31 million.As a reminder, Q1 is a seasonably lowest quarter of the year and last year it was a negative $11 million. In terms of cash usage, M&A and earn-outs and dividends amounted to $94 million versus $112 million in the prior years first quarter and this was all due to lower M&A and earn-outs.As Andreas noted before, we are taking steps to preserve our strong financial position at this time, given the current environment and the possibility that the global economy could face a protective downturn. We are constantly refining our scenario planning to ensure we are well prepared. This starts with controlling what we can control, targeting reductions in operational and capital expenses. We are being very cautious with hiring, mainly just critical replacement positions and a handful of critical new hires. And we are reducing any and all nonessential spend in the near term including the likes of travel, entertainment, consulting, et cetera. COVID-19 does bring some working capital headwind. We had experienced supply chain disruptions as various countries to block down action. We value our long-term customer relationships, so we additional raw materials to serve as safety stocks, giving us capability to move manufacturing around and, in general, to help insulate against supply chain disruption as we’ve seen in India.We also paying some of our smaller and/or COVID-19 impacted suppliers more promptly if this is warranted and this could be expected. We are experiencing an increase in receivables, particularly from Food Service and Fine Fragrance customers. Of course we are working to offset these working capital pressures where we can. For inventory, we are constantly balancing the need to ensure business continuously during COVID-19 with the need to not over order. Where we could extend our payables, we are working with suppliers to do so.And we are pursuing collections from customers with overviews at being proactive with those where there is credit risk. For capital expenditures, we are targeting reductions across the business. Specifically, we are prioritizing the highest returning projects while delaying longer-term investment that are not absolutely necessary at this time. And of course practically COVID-19 is making it much harder to launch or complete projects where significant travel is required. But moving forward, we also have to be smart to ensure that we invest in a flexible and healthy ecosystem.Turning to Slide 17. As we consider our current capital structure and manage our balance sheet moving forward, we’ve outlined our upcoming debt maturity schedule, which includes a good balance of short- and long term tiers. We have strong and ample liquidity well within our debt covenants as our net debt-to-EBITDA at the end of Q1 2020 was 3.3 times.Our cash position at the end of Q1 is strong at $433 million with $1 billion of an untapped credit revolver available should we need it. Looking ahead, following the close of the DuPont, N&B transaction. We are committed to maintaining our investment grade rating. As stated in December, we intend to quickly delever after the close of the transaction to get below three times net debt-to-EBITDA within the following 24 months.Now turning to our outlook. To conceptualize, I expected sales dynamic in Q2. I wanted to highlight the many moving parts we are seeing and expecting this quarter. COVID-19 presents both opportunities and challenges as we forge ahead. Starting on the left side of the slide, we expect to see continued robust growth in our Taste business, excluding Food Service as well as in our Consumer Fragrance business. The demand and consumption of the products that these businesses are supporting remain high and we are well positioned with our global footprint to capitalize on this.In the middle box, there’s Fragrance Ingredients where demand is strong. However, we are facing challenges in the supply chain and in particular the Indian lockdown. This means that we have to forgo external sales to ensure that we protect our Fragrance Compounds business. The last category is where demand has been adversely impacted by COVID-19. Food Service where the vast stay-at-home orders across the globe as well as changes in consumer behaviors have impacted away from home consumption, Fine Fragrance and Cosmetic Actives where the retail channels have been temporarily closed and travel retail is down both due to COVID-19, as well as these categories being discretionary in nature.Now more than ever IFFs broad based exposure across the regions categories and customers positions us to remain resilient through the ongoing challenges. We are fortunate that the majority of our revenues comes from categories exposed to package food and beverage and from hygiene and disinfection. So parts of our business are experiencing higher sales volumes in this current environment.Having said this, were not totally immune. Not surprisingly, April’s currency-neutral sales were challenged, with strong Consumer Fragrance and Flavors offset primarily by weakness in Fine Fragrance and Food Service. For the second quarter, while we are not giving specific guidance, it is worth noting that with the pressure in Fine Fragrances, operating margin mix will be a headwind as well as the additional COVID-19 related costs.We continue to evaluate what evolving global market dynamics will need for our business performance and projections moving forward. As the second quarter progresses and we gain greater visibility, as Andreas noted, well provide updates as appropriate. While our ability to pivot quickly and modify our daily operation to pivot quickly and modify a daily operation has enabled us to responsibly operate our business. The constantly evolving global responses to COVID-19 have created uncertainties for IFF and for other companies and our partners as well.Even the extent of the current uncertainty globally and the potential for uneven impact on our businesses, we have decided to withdraw our fiscal 2020 guidance. We will continue to manage our business by taking actions to generate strong cash flow and maintain ample liquidity.With that, let me turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rustom. I’m also very pleased that today were introducing the next step in our planned integration process with N&B. As you know, we are extremely excited to combine our two customer focused and consumer led organizations with leading positions in higher value categories. Together, our product portfolio will be among the industry most robust and diverse. We have a coveted R&D program with an industry leading pipeline and most importantly we will be poised to redefine our industry by delivering essential solutions to our customers.Well remain on target to close the transaction in the first quarter of 2021, until then IFF and N&B will remain independent entities and will operate separately. Since we announced our merger in December 2019, our teams have been hard at work bringing this combination to life. We have formed an integration management office, create the U.S. regulatory process, filed for regulatory clearance in Europe and China and filed our initial registration statement.The potential of this combination continues to excite our teams and we are working diligently to make sure we can hit the ground and full sprint on day one. Some of our important highlights over the past four months include completed strategic assessment of the future combined company portfolio, joint cross-function integration program in place and operational, created ideation framework to identify, assess and prioritize synergy opportunities.Today, we took another significant step forward. We have announced our purpose, vision and operating model and executive committee for the future combined company. In short, we are announcing who will be, what we intend to do and who will lead our incredible team once we combine forces with the N&B business in the first quarter of 2021. Our purpose is the why that drives everything we do. The combined companies purpose, applying science and companies for a better world. We’re focused on our intend to push past traditional industry boundaries and commit to be a force for better, more sustainable future.We will shape the future of our industry with best-in-class solutions at the intersection of science and creativity where passionate organizations, made up team members who see their job as so much more. Our collective purpose inspires us every day to strive for better. It’s not just that we are talented scientists and creators, but that we are passionate about using those talents to generate results for customers and for the world. We need both the rigor of scientific expertise and the imagination of new possibilities to create the best results.The fusion of both that will lead us to realizing the full potential of this combination. Everything we do is for the purpose of improving the world, lengthening life spans, replacing our sustaining resources, enhancing sensorial experiences, solving house problems and more. And together, we can do even more good.Creative science, scientific art, when science and creativity intersect, the possibilities are better. Here, innovation isn’t a business department, it’s our business. Incredible curiosity, relentless drive, purposeful impact, innovation is simply our way of operating and now with double the R&D resources unmatched in the industry. If you are keeping track, our people can’t wait to get starting collaborating on something new. We are shaping the future of the industry for the better.Our vision is our strategy for future success. It articulates our aspirations and guides the development of future strategies and initiatives. It is a filter by which the endeavors can be evaluated. Our vision is to be the partner for essential solutions. From day one we will bring unmatched innovation and leading edge insight to anticipate what will be essential to tomorrows consumers. Helping all customers meet consumers need is at the heart of our business.We are more than a vendor or supplier. Yes, we supply the ingredients, components and solutions you require, but we also united in understanding and meeting the challenges of today and tomorrow. Essential solutions means that we will work to make both our relationship and what we provide invaluable to our customers business. It pushes us to supply the technology and knowhow that no one else can. There’s customers of all sizes across the globe from startup to multinational, we have the agility and the expertise to deliver more of what you need. Unmatched innovation and leading edge insight means we are already anticipating what will be essential to tomorrows consumers. As we come together as one organization, we can help our customers meet consumers needs faster.On the operational model well leverage the capabilities and offerings of both organizations to create a sustainable framework that best position our teams, customers, shareholders for success on day one and well into the future. The complimentary structure will focus organization into four divisions, taste, food and beverage, scent, health and bioscience, and pharma solutions. We carefully examined how each division goes to market, including customer overlap R&D focus and service level requirements. Among other several factors to make sure we created global divisions that we have built for success.Just as important as our four operating divisions will be our global centralized functions, each of these will work in collaboration across our divisions. I want to call out in particular that we will be establishing a new integrated solutions center of excellence to focus on incubating new business opportunities and total product solutions. We’re also creating a center for commercial excellence to support our business and commercial teams through development of best practices, customer insights and analysis, resource deployment, and the optimization of pricing strategies and solutions. These two are extremely important as it will be instrumental in collaborating with the business to achieve all revenue synergy goals.We also noticed the executive committee for the combined company, including highly qualified and diverse leaders with deep knowledge and expertise. If you are interested in the teams background, please check out on stronger, innovationtogether.com. I won’t go through all of these distinguished leaders here, but I will note that this was a particular challenging process. Most organizations have tremendously talented individuals. We are fortunate that as a significant large organization we will be able to create many challenging, exciting new opportunities to further the careers of all employees.I’m also very encouraged by the world-class Board of Directors, we are beginning to assemble. As shared at the deal announcement, DuPont Executive Chairman and CEO, Ed Breen will join the board of the combined company as the DuPont designee following the close of the transaction and will serve as Lead Independent Director starting in June 1, 2021. I am also pleased to say that Matthias Heinzel, President of Nutrition & Biosciences at Dupont will be joining the Board of Directors of IFF following the close of the transaction. Under his leadership, Matthias has strategically transformed the N&B business, driving customer-focused innovation, operational effectiveness, and multiple business integrations. As an Independent Director, his extensive global management experience and deep knowledge of the industry will support the future company as it unlocks the value of the merger.In addition, Carol A. Davidson will also be appointed to join the Board of Directors of the future combined company following the close of the transaction. Mr. Davidson, is a CPA with more than 30 years of leadership experience across multiple industries. He has held a variety of leadership roles at Tyco International Ltd. and Dell Incorporated and financial leadership roles at Eastman Kodak Company. Mr. Davidson is the elite Independent Director like Mason and serves on the Board of TE Connectivity. For this team, both Board and management, I know our combined company will chart a new path forward for our industry and have a powerful impact on the world around us.Stepping back, I will say that I’m deeply impressed even more so during COVID-19 by the dedication of focus both the IFF and N&B teams have brought to this effort. We knew early on that these companies would be a strong cultural match and our excitement and conviction behind the potential of this combination was only grown as our teams began more and more to collaborate. As we look ahead, we are focused on executing the next key milestones and well do so within the same spend and diligence we have achieved thus far.In summary, we are pleased with our strong financial performance despite an unprecedented first quarter 2020. We delivered on all of our key metrics and saw broad-based growth in both divisions with mid-single-digit sales and double-digit adjusted EPS ex-amortization growth on a consolidated basis. We continue to make important progress in the integration of Frutarom business and have taken substantial steps forward and bringing on our combination with DuPont and N&B to life.I’m also credibly proud of each and every one of my colleagues at IFF for what they have achieved during these challenging times, not just for our business but for our partners, our customers and all communities.While global conditions remain volatiles in the near term, our order book for Q2 looks solid as we are successfully navigating through these unprecedented times to emerge as a stronger company.I would now like to open the call for questions
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well take a question from Mark Astrachan of Stifel. Your line is open.
Mark Astrachan: Thanks and good morning everybody.
Andreas Fibig: Hey. Good morning Mark.
Mark Astrachan: Speaking of promotions, by the way congrats.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you.
Mark Astrachan: Senior Vice President, well-deserved there. So I guess I wanted to talk a bit about just general sales ordering patterns. You basically talk a bit about whatever you can on emerging versus developing markets, anything notable there as well as between multinational, and local and regional customers, especially related to the Frutarom business.And what are you hearing from customers regarding timing new product launches? And how does any change impact that or even just category dynamics? Thanks.
Andreas Fibig: Okay, Mark, I will take it. The emerging markets in the first quarter where particular strong, Latin America by around about 10% and greater Asia by five plus nine. What we see in terms of the different categories in particular the Consumer Fragrance in Latin America in high teens, as well as Flavors high single and Savory Solutions in high teens as well, so really, really good results, probably strongest from the multinationals specifically in the HPC field. In Asia was all about Consumer Fragrance as well. So mid teens, really good, Taste in high single digits, most required to COIVD-19, I would say.And here, in Asia, very much across both multinationals, as well as regional and locals. Frutarom, as we said, is probably around about 4% growth with some benefits of small M&A, but still very, very good performance.I would say country-wise it depends where the COVID-19 wave has started. We have seen the first impact in Asia, particularly in China, then it moved to Europe, then to the U.S. and Latin America. So that’s probably what you can see in the first quarter.In terms of the pipeline, our pipeline remains strong also into the second quarter. But having said all of that, it is really different from customer to customer. I can say, also for us, our creative labs are basically almost all open. They are working on new launches. They are working on, lets say, better, lets say, improvements of some of the products. So all in all, I would say a very strong picture, certainly impact on Fine Fragrance because – and you heard this from our customer base as well, which is not positive, but all the essential products are really going actually very, very strong. Rustom you might comment on that.
Rustom Jilla: Yes. No, I actually agree. There’s not much to add there Andreas, you covered it.
Andreas Fibig: Good.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And once again, that is star one. If you would like to ask a question. Well move next to Mike Sison of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Mike Sison: Hey guys that you guys all sound happy and a nice start to the year. Andreas, you’ve made some progress on the transaction, getting your operating model leadership team in place. How much can you do before you close the deal to get the integration synergies accelerated? And then – and maybe just talk about how you think about the business, the transaction different now given the current environment.
Andreas Fibig: Let me start probably with the second part of your question first. So combination with the DuPont N&B business is fully on, on track. And if you look at the product portfolio, its now among the industry in particular are in this COVID-19 situation, one of the most robust ones and very diverse. We are in all of the categories, number one and number two in the market. We have a great R&D pipeline with combined spend upon around about $550 million, more than 9,000 patents granted. So I believe very, very robust. And as you have seen the N&B results in the first quarter as well, it shows its an essential business. Probiotics are going gangbusters and many of the other portfolio areas, as well.Coming back to the integration piece, so as you know, we have formed an IMO as an Integration Management Office, we cleared antitrust in the U.S. we filed in Europe and in China. The combined integration planning team can do a lot, which is even in these challenging times and I’m very, very pleased how they work together all over Zoom or Skype. Of course, its very, very interesting. So we really make sure that we are ready for the day one. The next up on the schedule is the shareholder vote in September, then the financing and then the close, hopefully in the first quarter of 2021.So I have to say that this COVID-19 has further solidified our position. Strategic logic is very strong, very resilient business, very great market position. And I believe we’re in a very, very good spot right now.
Operator: Well move next to John Roberts of UBS. Your line is open.
John Roberts: Thank you. For the 15% of sales that are impacted by COVID-19, have you had two sequential weeks of stable sales yet or were they still declining at the end of April? And where are those product lines sales in China versus the start of the year?
Rustom Jilla: Good morning. John its Rustom, let me take that. No, we have still had sales decline even as we go through and look at that area. Its Fine Fragrance and Food Services that we really see. But let me just step back for a second. From March onwards know as the COVID-19 pandemic spread globally, we had locked downs, changes in customer order patterns. We are fortunate that most of our revenue comes from the package food and beverage categories, as well as hygiene and disinfection, right. So we have continued strength there.I mean the part that you’re referring to is that the part that we’re not immune is the category is most exposed to retail end markets where stores closed and travel dropped sharply and that hasn’t changed as of now. So that’s Fine Fragrance and Cosmetic Actives as well, right and also the away-from-home channels. So we’re seeing that impact, and we are choosing to be – try to stay resilient, flexible, close to our customers as we possibly can be and always sort of trying to be cognizant of the safety of our employees and wellbeing as we go forward.China, regarding the China part of your question, Fine Fragrance is a very small part of the portfolio. I mean based on category demand, I mean less than 2% of total Fine. And although it was quite strong in Q1, I mean, lets see, China is opening up as well. Now Food Service in China was particularly challenged in Q1 and that’s obviously COVID. And I think that answers your questions John.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faiza Alwy of Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: Yes, hi. Thank you. So I also just wanted to hone in on, trends that you’ve seen since the quarter in April and May. And in particular, I was wondering if its possible for you to maybe disaggregate the benefit from potential stockpiling versus underlying demand. And then particularly focus on Consumer Fragrance where you had double digit growth. And I know you mentioned that emerging markets were particularly strong where I don’t think that was much stockpiling. But I was just wondering if you could offer more perspective there and how you’re thinking, what terms you have seen since the end of the quarter and how you’re thinking about the sustainability of growth there as we go through the year? Thanks.
Andreas Fibig: Sure, absolutely Faiza. Let me get started and then I hand it over to Rustom. It is hard to disaggregate the underlying demand versus stockpiling. But when we talk with many of our customers and we believe on the Consumer Fragrance side, certainly, the activity in washing clothes and detergent, the softness – its very much demand, its not so much stockpiling here. I think we see this. We see also all the hygiene products are really used. Its not just that people put it in the pantry. That’s what we see.And also on the food side when you talk to some of our customers, the yogurts are going like there’s no tomorrow, which is probably not a big surprise to all of us because working-from-home, instead of going to the company cafeteria, you go to the fridge and pull yogurt and that’s your lunch. So we see some categories very much its consumption, its moving, but I cant give you all the details.What is for us right now really important is on the consumer insight side. We do all of our studies, we know how the consumer behaves right now, but what is sustainable so that we really can orient ourselves in terms of our R&D and the new product development towards things which might, will come. We believe that everything in terms of sanitizing will stay. We believe also that many of the health products, in particular, fortified with vitamins or probiotics will stay. But there’s more and more to come. So that’s the work we are doing right now. So in many areas the consumption is real. By the way, one last one, potato chips are also going like gangbusters. But Rustom, please comment.
Rustom Jilla: Thanks Andrea. Thank you, good morning Faiza. So yes, look at the raw materials part of your questions. And yes, we’ve had some limitations in raw material sourcing and logistics. And we activated our contingency plans very early to limit the disruption to our customers, right. And the disruptions were from material shortages because of government restriction of various sorts. As Andreas said earlier, Italy, Spain, India were three of them out there.I mean the part of your question – then you also talked about sustainability, right? Sustainability of Consumer Fragrance, we do believe this will continue to be robust, where consumer demand remains high in hygiene and disinfection. And if anyone has been to the store lately, it’s just hard to get those products right. But let me address one aspect, too. I mean that’s same profitability because of specifics and we got to fine right. Same profitability without [indiscernible] will be adversely impacted in Q2.I cant get into spend or can I get into specifics, but based on our largest – what our largest fine fragrance customers are saying publicly, the category is declining double digits. So Id expect the same for IFF and our competitors. And being that it is one of our highest margin categories, well above consolidated average and with these declines, margins will be down. Then you add in additional COVID cost that we’ve had in Q2, a full quarters worth, and that’s just another factor.
Andreas Fibig: So it all depends right now when the economy is opening up and the stores are open. And some of these products can be sold again to our all consumers. I think that’s what we all are waiting. And the big experiment is not so much China because its very small for this category as Rustom said. But what will happen now in Europe, you see Germany is basically open. And we will see next week France is opening again and then Spain and Italy and then we take it from there. So its a very volatile environment, but we are very well prepared for it. I hope it helps Faiza?
Faiza Alwy: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Well move next to PJ Juvekar of Citi. Your line is open.
PJ Juvekar: Yes, hi. Good morning.
Rustom Jilla: Good morning PJ.
PJ Juvekar: Andreas quick question for you. We talked about this restocking quite a bit here in the pantries, and so on and so forth. When do you think orders go back to normal level? And then as the economies open up, is there some destocking in the pantries? And related to that, that’s the inventory at the sort of the core household level, but what are the inventory levels that you are applying and in the supply chain? Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: Okay, yes. Its a very, very important point actually. And we are looking at this. I would say in some of the countries we have seen already, normalization because people are back to work and people see that they can buy everything. You might remember at the beginning, toilet paper was a very precious article around the world in many of the supermarkets, but that’s back to normal.So actually we have seen already quite normalization, not because COVID is gone, but people see and feel that they can buy whatever they need. There was not a big disruption in the supply chain. So we believe that the inventory has changed. Its different than pharmaceuticals, for example, where people just keeping the diabetes products better for three or four months instead of one month to make sure that they are covered. But here I think in many cases we are already back to normal.On the plants, its a bit of a different situation because we are managing the supply chain actually almost by the week because India, which is a big country for raw materials in our industry, has some challenges with lockdown as well. So you really had to make sure that we get enough inventory in all the plants around the world to secure supply for our customers. So here you probably will see some elevated inventory levels for quite some time. But again situation is volatile. I expected this actually for the first quarter as well. But we were selling so much, the inventory actually went down. So that’s our plan or basically what we assume for now, but it might change because its very dependent on the demand as well.But Rustom may be you comment.
Rustom Jilla: I mean again, I mean you covered it. I mean PJ, I mean, this is really hard to predict, right, because we’re going into government regulations, consumer psychology and also the possible fear of any wave twos or anything like that. I mean you never know. Its hard to predict. But even after COVID19, I mean, consumers, actual consumers, might maintain higher stockpiles as a common practice. Who knows.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Hi, guys. Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Andreas Fibig: Hi, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Hi. I was hoping to get a little bit more on the performance in the first quarter in the Taste segment, specifically around the margins, I’m just trying to think about margins that were essentially flat year-on-year and kind of just thinking about the against pretty healthy top line growth. So how do you construct that in terms of mix, in terms of incremental Frutarom synergies, in terms of COVID related costs? And then just thinking about the balance of the year kind of has the expectation on Frutarom synergies changed? Specifically, kind of, can you do all the facilities closures you were looking for this year given the pandemic?
Andreas Fibig: Hi Adam its Rustom. Let me say that. You actually were triangulating in on exactly what the factors were. So in the – first of all, we are on track with our cost synergies target through Q1 Frutarom I mean. With more than 25% of our $50 million full year savings coming in Q1. And in terms of geography, its about three quarters Taste and the rest in Scent roughly, okay? The Scent synergies showed through. And as you saw Scents performance, there’s leverage. But Taste, where you’re homing in, did benefit some synergies as well. But it also had mix. I mean we went straight there. We also had mid-teens growth in Savory Solutions which is a lower margin business. We had the lot citrus [ph] sales and then we have some added costs, right, manufacturing and procurement, and unit costs head up in the balance sheet and everything. But we also had some bad debt as we increased our bad debt provisions, not actually bad debts, but actual provisions as we did. So there were all offsets in here.
Rustom Jilla: Now as for your, second part of your question, about the ongoing plans that we have, I mean, yes, there will be some delays. There is a little bit of disruption to achieving, in particular, the manufacturing synergies that we expected from Frutarom around, right. And that’s quite simply because we cant – that people are not traveling out to various sites, even we are working from home quite effectively. But as Andreas has mentioned too, we do prioritize the safety of our people. And people are just not traveling out to sites. So there will be some delays in realizing the synergies from Frutarom coming through.And the same thing on procurement, on the procurement end by the way, because with the huge disruption that we’ve seen out there in raw materials and sourcing and all the rest of that, that hasn’t shown up in our P&L, but that’s because our teams have been sort of pulling in really hard yards, making sure that we handled all this without disrupting our customers, right. But something gives and that something has one of those things that have given is pushing through some of those other synergies. Andreas, is there anything you want to add there as well?
Andreas Fibig: Actually just one thing on the closure of the factories, we might have in some cases a delay of maybe two to three months. That’s what we are planning, right now. So we will be done with what we saw in the mid end of third quarter, mid and end of fourth quarter. So that’s the planning right now. I hope Adam that helps.
Adam Samuelson: It does. Thank you.
Operator: Well take a question from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays. Your line is open.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. It’d be good to actually just clarify that. So I think in the queue on the food integration, there were risk associated was not being done this year and said it could even extend into not just fiscal 2021, but into 2022. So into 2020 kind of clarify that versus what you had just said about only a three months delay on synergy. And then just more broadly on Frutarom, I was just curious to know kind of what drove the upside in the quarter. Is it sustainable? From what we can see, it looks like Savory was a big part of that. And just is that also – we talked about some mix dynamic, the areas in Frutarom that are coming through maybe a bit better than expected. Is that also another drive on mix? Thank you.
Rustom Jilla: Okay. Let me start with a second piece first. We have seen a couple of elements of the legacy food business which performed very well and we believe its sustainable. So everything which is connected to health, we believe will be sustainable because its an incredible drive for these healthy ingredients. That’s number one. The second one is on food protection, because people really want to increase shelf life and make sure that this works out well so that’s going extremely well double digit. But we believe it will be also sustainable.And then on Savory, we will see the Savory Solutions has made actually extremely progress in terms of bringing it together with the legacy flavors. And we have seen good developments. This is certainly not sustainable in a double digit growth rate, it is more dependent on how quickly the economies open up and how much is in the Food Service area because that’s certainly has more negative impact here as well.On the other hand this is part of this famous butchers business. People in Austria and Germany were eating meat like there’s no tomorrow because all the restaurants were closed. And that helped us with sales as well. So sometimes – these are interesting dynamics. But I hope it helps us as an explanation.And then on the food integration, risk associated was not being done with the integration work before merging with DuPont. It is basically – some wanted to, on our manufacturing plants, we just hold back because we believe with N&B now we have a different way forward where we can use these capacities and can use them for some of the N&B products. So we do now everything, which we have said we are doing. Despite the things where we believe with the N&B combination, we have a better way forward when we have N&B in Board as well. So that’s it. That’s the only thing. And that’s on Tilburg in Holland, but that’s it. We can talk more in detail. I hope it helps.
Operator: We are now past the top of the hour. And well now conclude the call. I now want to hand it back to Andreas for closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig: Yes thank you very much for the time. I hope everybody is healthy, and stays healthy. And we certainly have time to speak over the next one or two days. Thank you very much. Take care. Bye-bye.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference. You may now disconnect your lines and everyone have a good day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-13 17:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. [Operator Instructions]I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF’s fourth quarter full year 2019 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website.Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we’ll be making forward-looking statements about the Company’s performance, particularly with regard to the outlook for the first quarter and full year 2020. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty.For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on February 26, 2019, and our press release.Today’s presentation include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued yesterday and is posted on our website.With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rustom Jilla, who will begin with prepared remarks, and then take any questions that you may have.With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike. And a very special welcome to Rustom, our recently appointed CFO, who joined us about three weeks ago. We could not be more excited to welcome him to the IFF team, as he brings a strong track record over 30 years of operational and financial leadership across several international markets with significant experience in managing global finance teams, developing strategy, driving efficiency initiatives and completing acquisitions. So, welcome Rustom.I would like to take the opportunity to thank Rich O’Leary for his service as our CFO and looking forward to his contributions as our integration lead for the DuPont Nutrition & Biosciences combination. He has deep institutional knowledge, insights and perspectives, both financially and strategically and will be enormously valuable as he takes on his new role as our Integration Officer.On today’s call, as usual, I will give an executive overview of our performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2019, including an update on the progress we are making with the integration of Frutarom. Following the discussion, I will ask Rustom to provide the financial review of the business and take you through our financial expectations for 2020.We will also recap IFF’s transformational journey and the exciting opportunities we see with our combination with DuPont Nutrition & Biosciences business, which we announced in the fourth quarter 2019. Upon the completion of our prepared remarks, we will take any questions that you may have.Let’s come to 2019. 2019 was a transformational year in IFF’s history. It can be categorized as a year of great progress, despite some challenges. Over the course of the year, there were many positive accomplishments, including development of our new strategy, strong progress against our integration synergy targets, unlocking incremental access to new businesses via core lists and announcing our combination with N&B unparalleled in our industry as it will broaden our product offerings and create a global leader in innovative integrated solutions.I’ve also to acknowledge that there were several challenges are like continued raw material cost increases; impactful end market dynamics like destalking, isolated sales pressure, including delayed launches and the dissynergies, as well as the Russia and Ukraine compliance issue, which I’m pleased to say that has now been fully completed and closed.In that context we surpassed $5 million sales for the first time and expanded adjusted operating profit margin, excluding amortization, a testament to our team’s focus, dedication and commitment to delivering strong results and executing our long-term strategy. We ended 2019 with meaningful growth in the fourth quarter, seeing 7% currency-neutral revenue growth, including the 4 percentage points related to the 53rd week. We also achieved currency-neutral adjusted EPS growth of 23% excluding amortization, led by volume growth, integration synergies, productivity initiatives, the Brazil tax recovery, as well as more favorable tax rate and higher other income.In the fourth quarter, the team was able to continue to exceed expectations on Frutarom cost synergies, capturing approximately $20 million cost synergies driven by procurement harmonization and manufacturing optimization.This very sustained focus across the organization ultimately positioned IFF to accelerate our vision through the announced combination with DuPont N&B business at the end of the year. The exciting combination will allow us to develop integrated solutions with greater global scale to meet what our customers demand, high-quality products, innovative solutions and strategic partnerships to deliver growth.But, let’s take a step back and look at the full year 2019. I’m pleased to say, we delivered solid top and bottom line results in a very challenging environment. We realized sales of $5.1 billion, expanded adjusting operating profit margin excluding amortization by 30 bps to 19.2%. We also delivered strong adjusted earnings per share excluding amortization of US$6.17, principally led by adjusted operating profit growth, realized synergies and improved productivity. Ultimately, we have many strategic accomplishments that built momentum throughout the year and drove significant value creation.Our investment innovation includes the opening of IFF centers of excellence and innovation hubs in New Jersey and Texas. Specifically, our new Center of Excellence for Food Service and Seasonings in Carrollton, Texas; the opening of our Home & Fabric Care Innovation Center at Bell Works in Holmdel, New Jersey; and the openings of our global service center in Budapest and L’Atelier Du Parfumeur in Grasse, France, reflects our commitment to environmentally responsible real estate development.In addition, we also modernized our largest Scent creative centers in New York and Paris, and continued our investment in Greater Asia, including two new plants in India and China, which we will complete -- will be completed in 2020.In June, we took another bold step forward in leading our industry on sustainability when we articulated IFF’s new purpose, to redefine and transform how we live and care for the resources of the world. In line with this mission, we accelerated our global industry leadership in sustainability, opening the industry’s largest solar array of our facilities in New Jersey and signing on to the United Nations’ pledge to help limit global temperature rise. Most recently, IFF was named once again to CDP’s A List for climate change and water security, placing our company among a prestigious group of global environmental leaders with AA distinction. And just a week ago, we were named to Barron’s 100 Most Sustainable Companies List for the third consecutive year.Throughout the year, we continued to complete important work of bringing our colleagues at Frutarom more fully to the IFF family. We have addressed the most significant outselling challenges related to bringing these businesses together and are now in a position to accelerate growth by capturing new opportunities and delivering the solutions our customers need. But perhaps most importantly, we have continued to achieve significant cost synergies throughout integration process, well ahead of our year one cost synergy target, including approximately $50 million cost synergies in 2019. This is mainly driven by procurement excellence, but we also have made progress on our operational footprint. We have closed 10 sites in 2019. And I really believe we are on track to deliver more than $145 million in synergies, further supporting the business and driving value to our shareholders. We expect to substantially complete the Frutarom integration by the end of 2020.The efficient operational execution was complemented by solid year one run rate revenue synergies of approximately $15 million. We’ve identified a strong pipeline of cross-selling opportunities of more than 1,000 projects, representing approximately $150 million of sales and plan to build on this momentum in 2020.We have accelerated expansion of our Tastepoint model to serve the fast-growing local and regional customer segment through increased speed and agility, enabling them to win in the marketplace. We will fully consolidate Frutarom into our legacy IFF business. As we refine our structure and reporting, we’re aligning our talent organization and responsibility based on our new structure. With this in mind, starting in Q1 of 2020, we will report financial results as Taste and Scent, incorporating most of Frutarom within our Taste segment.Lastly, we continue to generate strong cash flows as operating cash flow was up $261 million year-over-year in 2019. We continue to deleverage our balance sheet, improving our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio from 3.6 times to 3.2 times, putting us on track to deliver on our commitment to be below 3 times by the end of 2020.With that, I would like to turn it over to Rustom to take us through our financial performance in greater detail.
Rustom Jilla: Thank you, Andreas.First, let me say how delighted I am to have joined IFF at this exciting time as we move past the integration of Frutarom to the combination with DuPont’s N&B business, and the many opportunities and challenges this will bring.For my part, I expect to focus on first, improving execution and accountability; second, enhancing effective collaboration across the business, that’s legacy IFF, Frutarom, and soon N&B; third, strengthening our cost discipline; and finally, delivering solid ROI.Now, on to the numbers. Reported sales increased by 29% in 2019 with three additional quarters of Frutarom being the major driver. Excluding Frutarom, currency-neutral sales grew 3% with 2019’s 53rd week contributing 1%. I’ll provide more color on sales by segment as we go through those slides.Our full year adjusted operating profit margin excluding amortization, rose by 30 basis points, driven by productivity initiatives, acquisition-related synergies and a Brazilian tax recovery. It’s also worth noting that in our fourth quarter, our currency-neutral EPS ex-amortization, grew a robust 23%, driven mostly by acquisition-related synergies, volume growth, lower incentive compensation, a Brazilian tax recovery, and a lower effective tax rate, which more than offset a headwind from higher raw material costs and mix.As the IFF team has done in previous quarters, I would like to highlight the impact of emerging market pricing on our growth rates to better compare to our peers. As a reminder, for a variety of reasons, many of our sales transactions in the emerging markets occur either in U.S. dollars or other hard currencies, or our index to hard currencies when we have to invoice in local market currencies. So, when reporting our currency-neutral sales growth, we exclude foreign exchange-related price changes in emerging markets. But, this is different from our peers. We believe that our reporting standard provides investors with a truer assessment of underlying currency-neutral growth, especially when there are large emerging market devaluations relative to the U.S. dollar or euro. However, it’s important to help all of you understand our performance relative to competition.For the fourth quarter of 2019, the stronger U.S. dollar environment plus emerging market devaluations year-over-year in several key markets had approximately a 1% currency impact on growth, if we include emerging market pricing. For the full year, this impact represented approximately a 2% currency impact on growth.Breaking it down a little further. Let’s move on to Scent, on slide 11. In the fourth quarter, currency-neutral sales increased year-over-year by 6% to $478.3 million. Fourth quarter performance was strongest in Consumer Fragrance, increasing in the high single digits from the prior year, driven by growth in Home, Fabric and Hair Care. Fine Fragrance grew in the mid single digits year-over-year, led by double-digit growth in both Greater Asia and in Latin America. At the same time, Fragrance Ingredients declined in the low single digits from last year as price increases were offset by volume declines, mainly as a result of industry destocking.For the full year, currency-neutral sales increased by 4% from 2018 to $1.9 billion with growth across all regions and in all categories, especially those that are a strategic focus. Both Fine Fragrance, with record new win contribution, and Consumer Fragrance grew in the mid single digits from 2018. Our performance in Fine Fragrance was driven by double-digit growth in EAME and Greater Asia, while as in the fourth quarter, Consumer Fragrance was led by strong improvements in Home and Fabric Care. For the year, Fragrance Ingredients improved by low double -- by low single digits, driven by price increases.For the full year, currency-neutral segment profit grew 6% and margin expanded 30 basis points to 17.3%. Drivers included raw materials-driven price increases as well as benefits from productivity initiatives that ran the gamut from manufacturing, procurement and make versus buy to innovation.Moving on to Taste on slide 12. In the fourth quarter, currency-neutral sales increased year-over-year by 8% to $429.9 million. This performance was led by double-digit growth in Greater Asia and high single digit growth in North America. Sales to multinationals, which had been under pressure in the last few quarters, grew mid single digits, indicating an inflection point in Q4. We also saw a much stronger growth from regional and local customers. From a category perspective, we were strongest in Beverage and Savory, helped greatly by strong new win performance.For the full year, currency-neutral sales increased by approximately 2% to $1.7 billion, driven by high single digit growth in Greater Asia and low single digit growth in EAME. As discussed during the year, we had some challenges in North America and Latin America related to volume declines with multinational customers. And as in the fourth quarter, full year 2019 growth was strongest in Beverage and Savory.For the full year, Taste posted an industry-leading 22.1% segment profit margin with $383 million in segment profit, which was supported by productivity increases, integration-related synergies and lower incentive compensation expense.Now, let’s move on to Frutarom’s performance on slide 13. In the fourth quarter, Frutarom currency-neutral sales increased year-over-year by 6%, including the net contribution of acquisitions and divested businesses, which is a sequential improvement in underlying performance. Organic currency-neutral growth for the quarter was 2%, essentially led by our Taste and Savory businesses.As discussed in past calls, Frutarom experienced compliance and portfolio-related transitory headwinds. Excluding these, organic currency-neutral growth would have been 6%. For the full year, sales were $1.5 billion for the segment, up 3% on a currency-neutral basis from the prior year, including the net contribution of acquisitions and divested businesses.In 2019, organic sales growth was flat. And if you exclude the transitory issues, organic currency-neutral sales growth was 3%, driven by solid growth in Taste and Savory solutions. The fastest-growing categories at Frutarom include double-digit increases in food protection, inclusions and algae.For the first for the full year, Frutarom’s segment profit was $127 million or $286 million, excluding amortization. And we finished the year with a strong quarterly segment profit increase of 24%, led by acquisition-related synergies. The full year operating margin excluding amortization was 19.2%, supported by delivering on our acquisition-related synergies and by disciplined cost management.Slide 14 provides some additional color on cash flow. As you will see, operating cash flow for the full year was up significantly from $438 million in 2018 to $699 million this year, a $261 million or 60% increase. This was driven primarily by higher cash earnings from Frutarom -- with Frutarom included for the entire year.Core working capital, defined as inventories, accounts receivables and accounts payables, improved year-over-year with progress in all three metrics. Inventories still remain at elevated levels, primarily due to raw material cost increases and safety stocks within the Scent division. However, in the fourth quarter, we saw continued positive trends.For 2019, CapEx as a percentage of sales was approximately 4.6%, which is a significant investment in the future. Throughout the year, we made new capital -- made new plant and capacity investments, mainly in Greater Asia as well as creative centers, and we invested in high-return integration-related synergy projects such as manufacturing optimization. Bringing all this together, we had strong $195 million increase in free cash flow for 2019, representing a 73% increase year-over-year.Moving on to slide 15. We expect full year 2020 sales of between $5.15 billion and $5.35 billion with adjusted EPS excluding amortization between $6.20 and $6.45.At this point in time, we expect a modest impact on sales from the recent coronavirus outbreak, but we are unable to quantify this as there are just too many variables and uncertainties. In addition, we have already incurred some relatively modest costs related to the outbreak as we acted to mitigate the impact on our supply chain. Right now, it’s too early to quantify the impact on our results, but we did widen both our sales and adjusted EPS ex-amortization guidance ranges to make some allowance for this as well as for continued volatile operating environment.The next slide provides some additional color about what we expect to drive our core sales growth for the year.Looking into our 2020 sales growth expectations and given the several moving parts, we felt it was important to give you an overview of the drivers. As you see from this slide, sales growth for 2020 is expected to be approximately 1% to 5% on a currency-neutral basis. This includes a headwind of about 0.5 percentage point impact from portfolio adjustments, namely the carryover impact from compliance and CitraSource, and an estimated 1 percentage point impact related to the 53rd week in the prior year period. Excluding these impacts, our core currency-neutral sales growth is expected to be approximately 2.5% to 6.5%, which includes approximately 2% to 5.5% from the organic business, 0.5% to 1% from cross-selling, and little to no impact from M&A.Now, let’s move to slide 17 for some additional color on what is driving our EPS growth. Adjusted EPS, excluding amortization growth for 2020 is expected to be approximately 3.5% to 7.5% on a currency-neutral basis. This includes a headwind of approximately 5 percentage points related to an incentive compensation reset, which is due to our performance versus our internal budget in 2019, an anticipated 0.5% impact due to our due to the portfolio adjustment, and an estimated 1 percentage point impact related to the 53rd week in the prior year. Excluding those impacts, core currency-neutral adjusted EPS ex-amortization is expected to grow in the range of 4% to 8%. We also expect to have a 6% positive contribution from integration synergies, which when added to our core growth, puts us in the double-digit growth range.Moving on to slide 18. I’m pleased to tell you that we remain on track to deliver on our commitment to delevering down to below 3 times net debt-to-EBITDA by the end of 2020 while maintaining an investment-grade rating. We are already down to approximately 3.2 times, down from 3.6 times a year ago, and we will continue to focus on improving working capital, tightly managing our CapEx while making the necessary investments and of course growing our cash earnings. To further support achieving this goal, management incentives are aligned to repayment of debt.With that, let me turn the call back to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rustom. Very well done.I now want to spend a few moments and highlighting the evolution of IFF from a traditional leader in the flavor and fragrance space to now as it uniquely positioned to redefine our industry at a time when consumers’ demands are forcing changes across our customers.With Frutarom, we took the first big step. We can now reach one of the broader set of our CPG customers of all sizes in the world and added critical depth to our proposition as a top provider of flavors, savory solutions and natural taste solutions.As I mentioned, we are seeing some excellent cross-selling opportunities further supported by our Tastepoint model. With N&B, we take the next leap forward in delivering integrated solutions that allow us to partner with our customers to solve their most pressing problems. It is a truly powerful combination. IFF’s leadership in natural solutions and N&B’s leadership in clean label, including cultures, enzyme and soy proteins, will be a vital component in creating solutions that meet customer needs for better-for-you products.Our complementary product portfolio will be among the most balanced in the industry. Together, we will have number one or number two positions in the high-value most in-demand ingredients categories across our shared end markets of food and beverage, health and wellness, and home and personal care. Ultimately, what we are doing is strengthening IFF’s position to serve our customers.We are witnessing powerful trends that are forcing all of us to think differently, and we have received very positive customer feedback about that combination. We will be a very powerful leader with even better R&D and application development capabilities and even deeper and more robust product development pipeline in addition to a portfolio that will be among the most balanced in the industry. Importantly, our shared cultures, led by science and creativity, will drive our strengths to unlock the potential of this combination. And again, it’s really about how we can deliver highly compelling value propositions to all of our customer types. For many of our global to multinational customers, we will bring deep experience with high-growth segments, faster speed to market and very deep consumer insights.For local and regional organizations, we will provide global reach to support regional and/or global expansion, paired with a strong local presence and a culture of collaboration. For new brands, we will be their end-to-end partner from idea to production, providing the reliability of scale and the power of global reach. The opportunity before us is clear and compelling, and we are taking the wide steps to ensure that we are positioning positioned to bring these two businesses together as efficiently as possible.As we announced along with Rustom’s appointment back in December, Rich O’Leary has been named as the lead the N&B integration efforts for IFF. Similarly, Angela Naef, N&B’s SVP of Global Tech and Innovation, will oversee the N&B integration lead. Each brings unparalleled knowledge of the respective businesses and a diverse operating perspective to this team. We believe that their combination of experience and leadership best positions us to bring this combination to life. As I have had the opportunity to meet with leaders from across N&B business, each of these conversations has reaffirmed that IFF and N&B are perfect partners.While we look forward to hitting the ground running, the deal close is targeted for the first quarter of 2021, providing significant runway for planning and integration-related execution. As you can see, we have already been diligently working on planning to execute our road map to integrate these businesses. On slide 22, we are showing that while our N&B integration planning has started and is working in parallel with our ongoing Frutarom integration work, we do expect the business integration work of Frutarom to be completed in the third quarter of 2020, with 90% of the manufacturing consolidation complete as planned. This ensures that we are ready to begin the DuPont N&B integration. We will tap the combined integration muscle of both IFF and N&B along with robust external subject experts. So in summary, we delivered solid top and bottom line results and took clear and significant strategic steps on our journey to lead our industry as an invaluable partner for our customers.In 2019, we surpassed $5 billion in sales for the first time and expanded adjusted operating profit margin, excluding amortization by 30 bps. I’m pleased that we ended the year with a significant acceleration in growth, seeing a 7% currency-neutral revenue increase and a robust 23% increase in currency-neutral adjusted EPS, excluding amortization. Reflecting on the year, we have a lot to be proud of. Our key accomplishments include significant integration-related synergies, strong progress in cross-selling, great strides in sustainability and completion of the Russia and Ukraine compliance issue. At the end of the year, in the fourth quarter, we also saw a fundamental improvement in our Taste segment, a key inflection point as we head into 2020. But I also want to acknowledge that not everything went in our favor in 2019.We experienced significant raw material cost increases across both segments, and sales came in lower-than-expected across all segments for the various reasons we explained earlier. As we look ahead in 2020, leveraging the key learnings from 2019, our priorities are very clear: drive growth and profitability in our business, substantially complete Frutarom integration and lay the groundwork to begin successfully combining with N&B. With continued focus on execution, we will be well positioned to become a global leader in innovative, integrated solutions and be able to deliver value creation for all of our stakeholders. And while we are early in 2020, we are pleased to say that started of the year strong with growth in all segments.With that, I would like to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question today from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Your line is open.
Mark Astrachan: So, two questions for me. First, on the sales forecast range, so it’s a bit wider than we’re accustomed to seeing. It’s a bit wider, I think, too, relative to some of your peers. I guess I’m curious why you’re giving a wider range. I hear the China commentary, but I was under the impression, it wasn’t particularly large as a percentage of business. So is there something from a macro standpoint? Or is there something from a customer standpoint that you’re hearing or worried about? And then the second question is Frutarom. So I get organic growth for 4Q down about 4%, if you back out the acquisition contribution and the piece of the business from the closing of prior year that you did known for the full quarter, so that gets a full year number down about 1%. So, I guess, the question there is you’ve owned the asset now for a little over one year. What’s a reasonable run rate of growth? You’ve talked about 6% of that target longer term, but it just seems like it’s not the case anymore. So maybe you’re still thinking 6%, but if you could kind of walk through how you’re thinking about it, if that’s the case. Or what are the moving parts today? That would be helpful.
Andreas Fibig: Mark, thank you. First of all, on the guidance range, that was certainly a discussion we had internally. What do we do in an environment where we are in, which is a pretty, let’s say, volatile. It’s on one hand, certainly, the corona situation, I’ll come to that in a second. And then also tariffs, which are not easy to plan. But corona was probably the tipping point for us because it’s very hard to quantify, but we know that it will have an impact. With our manufacturing plants actually closed up to last Monday, Tuesday, well, we opened it. We have relatively soft demand. We will see whether we will make it up. We have seen that we have also modest cost increases already on particularly on transportation.We have to make sure that we manage our inventory well in this situation because you have, let’s say, disruptions in the supply chain. And one of our bigger customers also said that the travel retail is actually pretty down because people are not traveling too much any longer. Just to give you one very personal example, my family came back from Europe yesterday. My wife told me in Frankfurt that the at the border control, there was nobody else. And the airplane, Lufthansa airplane was a smaller one than before, and it was just half booked, so just as to validate what we are seeing and reading. So we said it’s probably a prudent thing to widen the guidance range because we just don’t know. We hope at least that we will make it up. And as I said, our manufacturing plants are open again, and we are starting to manufacture, and it seems to be all good. But that’s how we see it. And I hand it over to Rustom to talk a bit about the guidance.
Rustom Jilla: Sure. Thanks. Thank you, Mark. Very little to add there except specifically, we didn’t quantify on the coronavirus because it’s too early. It’s just too early to tell and understand it. And but what we did do was widen the ranges, and we can come back at some point subsequent in the year as we know more.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Let me take now your second question on Frut. We believe when we cycle through, as we said, probably over the course of last year, through some of the onetime effects, we see that this business has good potential of mid-single-digit growth in average, and I come to some of the exceptions here. What we have to cycle through is our compliance issues, we issue we had in Russia. Thanks God, it’s solved on the legal front now. We have to make sure that on the business side, it’s running well. The second thing is the CitraSource, where one of our peer companies lost their big customer, and they are our biggest customer in that business. And then we had the impact on raw material prices on Natural Colors. So we believe that within the second quarter, we will cycle through these effects and we will grow this business around about mid-single digits. We have actually if you look at the different categories, some of these businesses are doing extremely well and have even double-digit growth like inclusions, where gelato is part of it, and the Food Protection business. So we are driving this, and we see also that these businesses are helping us with our cross-selling activities, which is basically reflected in the guidance, by the way. And most of it, it’s a Frutarom business. Okay?
Mark Astrachan: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Mike Sison: I didn’t want to get a little bit of color in terms of what’s driving the growth, the 2.5% to 6.5%. I know you have a nice little color, columns there. But in terms of the organic business, can you maybe walk through I think you’ve won some business in Taste or maybe it’s Scent, I can’t remember. And what gives you confidence that you can actually grow organically in 2020?
Andreas Fibig: Yes, okay, absolutely. And I’ll take it, but please, Rustom, you add here. First of all, as we said before, we have basically access to three more very important core lists on the Scent side. What we see is that the team is executing with the customer very, very closely now on new projects. We will see already some good wins in 2020, but the bulk of it will probably come in 2021. But we see that this is working out very well. And I was myself at the BIC Congress, ACI, the American Cleaning Institute, and I talked myself to many customers. And particularly, the ones where we have won the new core lists, and that’s very positive because they’re happy with the innovation provided by IFF, and the projects are already starting to ramp up. That’s number one. Number two, and that was super important for us last year. We saw the inflection point now with the Taste business. We had basically three, almost four quarters, not so great growth. It was fourth quarter in 2018 and then up to the third quarter in 2019. And we saw that many of our bigger CPG customers had very slow volumes. Not that we were losing businesses but just the volume was very, very low of our business with these customers. And we had on the other hand a very good win rate over the course of the year, and that started to materialize now in the fourth quarter. And we see already a good start into the first quarter as well with good January numbers. So, it looks like that we are coming back on the Taste business to our usually average growth rates. And when I go back here on my spreadsheet, the last three years, the average CAGR was 3.9%, last five years 3.7%. And that’s certainly a number the business can achieve.Then, on top of it, we look at the Frutarom business, I just gave the answer to Mark. It’s a bit backloaded in general because of the cycling through of the topics I just mentioned. Well, what comes on top of it, we see actually a good activity now on the cross-selling. It started slower than we expected, but right now, we have run about 1,000 projects which have significant value for us, where we see that we can combine our products, that we can cross-sell products into combined customers. And that’s something which is really, really good and gives us confidence that the growth is will be good in our core business over the course of 2020. So that’s how we see it. I don’t know, Rustom, whether you want to add anything.
Rustom Jilla: Just one thing probably in pricing and in Scent, pricing and Fragrance Ingredients. But otherwise, I think you covered it all.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from John Roberts with UBS. Your line is open.
John Roberts: Thank you. Welcome, Rustom. That was a good presentation for somebody only on the job a couple of weeks. Now that the year one guarantees have expired for the key Frutarom employees, are you seeing any increase in turnover?
Andreas Fibig: Yes. John, that’s a very, very good question. Let me address it into two parts. The first thing, if I look at total employee population of legacy Frut, we have actually lower attrition rates, voluntary attrition rates than we had before, which is actually pretty good, knocking on wood, it stays like that. And on the key employees, we didn’t lose key employees we didn’t want to lose. And that’s a good, let’s say, message for us as well. Some of them are driving important businesses for us. For example, the leader of the Inclusions business, which is really driving it, the Savory solutions business. They’re all leader from the legacy Frut unit.
John Roberts: And do you have any update on the timing of a filing for the DuPont deal? And just remind us what are the key long lead time critical items on the path to closing on first quarter 2021.
Michael DeVeau: So, it would be -- John, this is Mike. There’s no change from what we communicated back in December. As we progress through this year, obviously, there’s the separation component that the DuPont team is working on from that standpoint. And then as we progress concurrently, we’re working to look at doing the appropriate filings with the SEC, specifically, the Form 4, that will probably come, let’s call it, mid-year. And then after that, we’ll move into the voting discussion.
Andreas Fibig: And closing has not changed. We believe that first quarter next year is very realistic. And we don’t expect any antitrust issues here with the two businesses.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from PJ Juvekar with Citigroup. Your line is open.
PJ Juvekar: One question is on Taste. North America were challenged due to volume erosion from large multinational companies. I thought that destocking in packaged foods was mostly done by end of third quarter. So is there incremental destocking? Or is this issue with underlying demand with these multinational companies?
Andreas Fibig: I think, PJ, good question. We are done with destocking for, let’s say, third quarter last year. Fourth quarter was already done. And I think it has reflected very nicely in the rebound of our business in the Taste division, so we are very happy with that.
PJ Juvekar: And my second question is, one of your priorities was getting IFF’s technology into Frutarom and the cross-selling you had talked about. Can you give us an update on that and if that’s happening through Tastepoint?
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Absolutely. It’s happening through Tastepoint, and we’re doing it for some of the bigger customers as well. What we see here is, in particular, on the Food Protection side, very good sales. So Food Protection is basically antioxidants to increase the shelf life. That’s something where cross-selling works very, very well. We see it in the first examples on Natural Colors and on the Inclusion business, which you see the legacy Taura one. We see it in the number of projects, as I mentioned. We have around about 1,000 different projects running with a value of more than $100 million. Not all of them will hit certainly this year, but it shows the strength. If I would look back maybe one year, 1.5 years, I would have hoped it comes faster. But I have to say now, since we are having a really dedicated good team on it and exploring it more, it comes much better than we have expected. So little slower than I would have wished for but higher in terms of the opportunities than we have seen before. I hope that helps, P.J.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Faiza Alwy: So, I have two questions. One is just on gross margin. It looks like you took a step back this quarter, and I was expecting an improvement. So maybe if you could share with us what some of the puts and takes were there. And how we should think about raw materials and gross margin in 2020? And then my second question is just if you could give us a sense of how we should think about cash flow and CapEx in 2020.
Rustom Jilla: Sure. So, it’s Rustom. So, let me take this. So, in the fourth quarter, our gross margin was negatively impacted by higher raw material costs and unfavorable mix, right? So from what I’ve learned in my first couple of weeks, raw material costs can fluctuate monthly, quarterly due to inventories. And in Taste in Q4, that’s really where we saw it. They were primarily impacted by the timing of raw material cost for the balance sheet, the P&L. And that’s not much different from what happened in the second quarter. We have Scent, raw materials came in much more favorable. And then if you want to think about specific commodities, in Taste, it was primarily vanilla, and incentive continues to be turpentine in China tariffs, right? Capital, you wanted to the cash flow, yes, roughly about 4.5%, next year as well. 4.5% of sales, sorry, 4.5% of sales on capital.And then, the final part of your question or at least the intermediate part of your question was about raw materials and how that would flow through into next year, right? And look, in 2020, we believe that raw material costs will stabilize, specifically in the Scent division, where we had the largest raw material increases. Our current purchases are stabilizing. And look, it’s important to note, they still remain elevated at levels and that we will, as we always have, work with our customers and actions, including price increases, to cover that exposure. And I think those were your questions, right, it’s good?
Andreas Fibig: Actually, I think that’s perfectly fine. Rustom, fantastic in the third week. No, just one word on the CapEx to give it to contextualize it a bit. As we said before, last year was our highest CapEx spending for all the reasons I said during the call, because we did a lot of investments. We have to finish off this year. And from the next year onwards, the CapEx plan is much lower and it goes more to a maintenance level of 3% to 3.5%. Because we are finishing up India and China this year, the creative centers, centers are done. And then we have just the maintenance investments, which is actually a good sign for us, and it will have a positive impact on the cash flow.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question today from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: And maybe first, just to clarify on the coronavirus, just impact. And I know the guidance doesn’t officially kind of contemplate an impact, but it also you’ve put a wider range to give some just some room there. Could you just contextualize for us the just to be clear, the China sales exposure? And also, just Fine Fragrance, as far as you can tell, how much you think that actually goes through global kind of duty-free and travel channels? It’s probably the two areas most at risk. And similarly, on the production side, how much of your raw material production do you source from China?
Andreas Fibig: Should I get started? I’ll start. Adam, so we do own about 6% of our combined sales in China. That’s China for China, so to say. On the travel retail, I can’t tell you now because it has usually a time lag. It comes from our customers. But if you look at our one of our big beauty and cosmetic customers, they just made an announcement, and that made us think as well what the impact might be. And then the third piece is that we have, we are sourcing some of our fragrance ingredients out of China. And we certainly have other suppliers in China as well. Here, we feel much better, of course, since the factory is and that specific factory is opened since last Tuesday, we are probably on safe grounds that we can supply our ingredients to the rest of the company. But that was a bit of a worry for us as well, whether we can export out of China. So 6%, China for China. Travel retail, we don’t know. We’re just listening to our customers because they are closer to the frontier. And then on production out of China, we believe we are good on this side.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then just maybe following up on the prior question on the gross margin performance in the fourth quarter. And clearly, it came in below your plan. And I just want to be clear. I mean, if it was raw material costs and inventory, just I presumed you would have had more visibility to it. Was there a sharp kind of divergence in sales mix and the decline in Fragrance Ingredients, I would have thought it would have been a tailwind to the margin performance. I just want to make clarify a little bit, just to the surprise relative to your own plan, cycling back a couple of months, it seems like a bigger variance than I would have thought.
Rustom Jilla: So yes, I mean, look, mix sales mix definitely. I mean sales mix was in there. And nothing structural, really, as we look at our and we’re probably going to see gross margins recover as we go into the early part of this year in 2020.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Absolutely. And it’s more timing than anything else on that one. And the good thing is that the raw material prices are now softening, again, which is helpful for this year. We certainly have taken last year, in a couple of moments, inventory positions, just to make sure that we can supply our customers, but that seems to stabilize.
Operator: We’ll take our next question today from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Your line is open.
Lauren Lieberman: Hey. I just wanted to follow up again just a bit on Frutarom. So a few things here. One is that with Frutarom being folded into Taste, to what degree will we really get visibility into this inflection you’re expecting in 2020? Because when I look at Frut in the fourth quarter, even if I can see it and say, the four points, the things that you’re calling transitory are, in fact, transitory, organic was still down 2%, even excluding those things in the fourth quarter. So, I’m just struggling with why mid single digits is comfortable. And how and if will kind of get visibility if that would again being folded into Taste as we get into 2020?
Rustom Jilla: So, Lauren, it’s Rustom. Let me have a crack first at how we’re -- the second part is how we track it and how we manage it. So, yes, we are going to report as two segments, but what we are going to do over the course of the year in 2020 is we’re going to, as much as possible, track the Frutarom elements separately too. Now, remember, as we continue to integrate, there will be some sales that come from Frutarom that now show up that naturally migrate over into the legacy Taste part of the business. Right? So, it won’t be perfect, but we’re going to do our absolute best for ourselves as much as anything else to track and control that. Then...
Michael DeVeau: Yes. I think, the second question and then just as kind of a point for just a reminder perspective, I think Lauren was asking -- looking at the organic growth from a Frutarom perspective, ex the ex the 53rd week, ex the three days, I think the run rate number or the right number is probably flat in the quarter. And so how does that transfer as we go forward, the confidence level at...
Andreas Fibig: I would say, confidence level is pretty high right now that when we cycle through these one-times, and Lauren mentioned it and maybe when we’re next week at CAGNY, we have more time to talk about it. When we go through the Russia topic from the commercial or legally, we are through. When CitraSource is basically cycling through and we see a recovery of the Natural Colors raw materials, then we will see actually good mid-single-digit growth going forward. And we will provide some visibility on this one as well. Where it is tough, and I’m building here on Rustom’s comment on to create visibilities on the cross sales. And you see cross sales is 0.5% to 1% point growth for this year. And most of it actually, it comes out of the Frutarom portfolio and that’s tough to track. But, I think you can model it that most part of it comes out of the Frutarom portfolio, and that should be helpful for you when you model the legacy Frut business. But we are bringing it together with Taste as actually two reasons. One is a very practical business reason. It is helping with our cross-selling activities and bringing the technologies and the people very well together. That’s number one. And the second one is in gearing up for the N&B integration, it simplifies our structure because we will have them in the first quarter next year, another change. And we thought it’s a prudent thing to do exactly that. I hope it helps, Lauren.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Jeff Zekauskas: In your remarks, you said that you knocked out $20 million in costs in Frutarom. But the year-over-year increase in operating income is about $5 million. And even if you compare it to the first quarter of 2019, maybe you’re $3 million up. So why isn’t Frutarom earning, I don’t know, $45 million if you’ve lowered your cost structure by that much? Why is the number so low?
Rustom Jilla: So, part of this would be currency, the currency impact as we go through the numbers. And part of the, I guess, the cost synergies that we have also have been associated with extra cost that we put in as we take out the synergies to, right? Sometimes the double operation of factories and the migration as we consolidate.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. It’s a fair point because we had for some of these, we had double-running costs because when you close down a factory, and basically, the receiving end, you have to ramp up already and to get it into the new one. I think that’s important. And that will go away because we have closed down 10 factories last year. We will do another dozen probably until October of this year. So these double-running costs, at least for the 10 we have closed, it’s gone. I think that’s good. And then we had a couple of smaller divestitures versus previous year as well, and that’s impacting it.
Jeff Zekauskas: So, should your Frutarom operating income grow at least $50 million next year as you realize incremental synergy costs? Or that’s not the right number? I mean, even if the business doesn’t grow at all?
Rustom Jilla: Sorry. I was going to cut in there. That number is the right number, but it’s going to be spread across the three businesses, the business units. Well, 2, as we go into next year.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Because -- and let me explain why many of the savings are coming from procurement. And we see procurement synergies also in the Scent business because we just get some of the raw materials to better price, transportation. We have significant savings, for example, of packaging material, and that’s the reason why you see it in the different businesses as well. But in general, the number is right.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I’ll turn the call back to Andreas Fibig for any final or closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you very much for the discussion and the good questions. I hope I will see many of you during CAGNY, next week. That’s number one. And then, we have certainly, as usual, a lot of one-o-ones planned. Have a good day. And see you soon.
Operator: This does conclude today’s program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-05 17:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. [Operator Instructions]I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's third quarter 2019 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR Web site at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay.Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2019. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty.For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on February 26, 2019, and our press release all of which are on our Web site.Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued yesterday and is on our Web site.With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rich O'Leary. We'll start with prepared remarks, and then take any questions that you may have.With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Michael.On the call today, I would like to provide comments on our third quarter financial results and give an update on our integration progress. Once finished, I will ask Rich to give a more in-depth financial review of our business performance and provide an update on our outlook for the balance of the year. Then, we will take any questions that you may have.Let me start by saying that positive momentum is building at IFF. In the third quarter, we delivered a sequential improvement in our combined currency neutral top-line growth rate. Scent continued to perform well, growing low digits disclosed in all regions and nearly all categories.On a standalone basis, Frutarom sales increased 5% including the net contribution of activations and divested businesses. Organically, tastes were flat in the third quarter, a sequential improvement from the second quarter results with an improvement across many subcategories.In taste, our win rates remain at a high level, however, performance continued to be impacted by volume erosion primarily with multinational customers. It should be noted that on a two-year basis, growth remain solid when we factor in the 7% growth we achieved in the year ago period.We are pleased to also report a continued improvement in profitability as we drove a 60 basis point improvement and adjusted operating profit margin ex-amortization as we deliver productivity savings in our core business and benefits from an acquisition-related synergies. Our integration efforts, Frutarom are progressing well. Cost synergies continued to be a source of strength as we achieved approximately $30 million for the first nine months of 2019 and now expect to deliver approximately $50 million for the year significantly ahead of all $40 million estimate that we announced last quarter.We also substantially completed our review of the Russia and Ukraine allegations as well as a second aerial view of Frutarom operations in certain other jurisdictions including those that we deem as high-risk. These reviews supplement our prior global compliance and initiatives that we've conducted subsequent to the closing of the Frutarom transaction. While I will speak in more detail in a moment, I want to state that we have confirmed in this investigation the total affected sales represents less than 1% of IFF and Frutarom combined net sales for 2018. And that the impact of the reviews including the cost associated with them to-date have not been and are not anticipated to be material to IFF's financial conditions or results of operations.In addition no evidence has been uncovered suggesting that any of these compliance methods had any connections to the United States.Finally, as we look to the fourth quarter, we have started strong as all three segments grew mid single digits in October as a continuation of this trend, we believe our full year 2019 sales and adjusted EPS excluding amortization will finish in line at the low-end of our previously stated guidance range.As I reflect on the year in entirety and ignores that many moving parts both good and bad that have occurred, I am pleased to say that we are on pace to deliver solid top and bottom-line results. On a combined company and currency neutral basis, a testament of our industry, our exceptional business and unbelievable employees that make it happen. And as we build it stronger more competitive organization for the future 2019 provides the foundation grounded in resilience that gives us confidence and optimism for a journey ahead.Now circling back to our third quarter 2019 financial performance, we delivered broad based improvements in sales profitability and cash flow. Our sales totaled approximately $1.3 billion, one of our highest in company history, on a combined basis, we saw a sequential acceleration in currency neutral sales growth as we grew 2% driven by activation and our scent performance. An absolute value, the additional Frutarom provided a very strong benefit to currency neutral adjusted operating profit excluding amortization, which increased 45% over the prior year period. This combined with margin improvement initiatives in acquisition synergies led to a 60 basis point expansion in just operating profit margin excluding amortization.The net result was a benefit to cash flow generation where we achieved improvements in both operating and free cash flow.Our integration efforts are well [Technical Difficulty] to deliver against our plan. We are currently strengthening our go-to-market approach with the expansion of our taste point model in key markets around the world as a blueprint for success. Our intent is to continue to serve the fast growing local and regional customers with a differentiated service model built on speed and agility to help them win in their marketplace.In terms of cross-selling and integrated solutions they have already achieved approximately 14 million run rate sales and have identified greater than 800 projects in the pipeline representing approximately 110 million of sales. And while we are on track to deliver our stated target of 100 million by 2021, we expect that this number will only increase over time as we capitalize on our innovation pipeline, broad category exposure and vast customer base.We continue to strive towards our ultimate operating model of scent, taste and nutrition and ingredients which will define organization moving forward. Talent and culture within the organization remains paramount as we execute our talent agenda to enhance our high performing corporate culture with extreme accountability, bias for action and effective collaboration.We also continue to deliver strong cost synergies achieving 30 million through the first nine months based on our progress to-date and our expectation that savings benefits will continue to accelerate in the fourth quarter, we are now forecasting that we will achieve approximately 50 million in cost synergies in the year 2019. In terms of cash flow, our operating cash flow was strong up 181 million in the first nine months of 2019 compared to the previous year period.We also improved our net debt to EBITDA ratio from 3.6x in the second quarter to 3.4x. As a reminder, debt repayment continues to be our number one priority in our capital allocation as we progress towards our net debt to EBITDA target of below 3x by the end of 2020.As I just mentioned, we are further increasing our year one cost synergy target to approximately 50 million. With this, we are not expecting to deliver greater than 60% higher synergies in 2019 against our initial target of $30 million to $35 million. In the areas were we are focusing on our cost energy efforts. We continue to see significant progress against our goals. We are meaningful outpacing our original procurement savings target driven by purchasing power, [indiscernible] and tail spent.We also have completed the closure of five plants and announced an additional eleven closures via our manufacturing network optimization program. Expanding our focus, we are driving operations, excellence initiatives to generate incremental savings. Some examples include logistics and packaging synergies which will benefit all of our segments.Assessing what we are today, our team has done a very good work generating incremental savings. Looking at our one 145 million goal, I believe we are on track to over deliver upon this target further supporting the business and driving value for our shareholders.As a follow-up to our complaints disclosure in the second quarter, I want to take a few moments to provide a more formal update. That's a reminder as disclosed last quarter during integration of Frutarom, we were made aware of allegation that two Frutarom businesses operating principally in Russia and Ukraine made certain improper payments to a number of customers. We are pleased to report that we have now substantially completed a robust review for the Russia and Ukraine allegations, we have substantiated the allegations and have confirmed that key members of Frutarom senior management at the time were aware of such payments.As a result, we have taken appropriate remedial actions including replacing senior management in relevant locations and believe that such improper customer payments have stopped. We have also conducted robust secondary review of Frutarom's operations in certain other jurisdictions including those that are deemed high risk. These reviews supplement our existing global compliance initiatives that were implemented at Frutarom in connection with the closing of the Frutarom transaction. These secondary reviews were conducted with the assistance of outside legal and accounting firms, including Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer and Deloitte. These reviews are substantially completed.Following [indiscernible] review, we confirmed that the total affected sales represents less than 1% of IFF's and Frutarom's combined net sales for 2018. And that the impact of reviews including the costs associated with them to-date have not been and are not anticipated to be material to our results of operations or financial condition. In addition, no evidence has been uncovered suggesting that any of these compliance matters at any connection to the United States.With that, I would like to turn it over to Rich to take you through our financial performance in more detail.
Richard O'Leary: Thank you, Andreas.Combined currency neutral sales grew 2 percentage points over the prior year driven by the contribution of acquisitions as well as growth in the scent division and a stabilization at Frutarom. From a profitability perspective, we're also pleased that adjusted operating profit margins excluding amortization improved 60 basis points year-over-year driven an increased emphasis on productivity savings and the benefit of acquisition-related synergies.From a legacy IFF standpoint, we delivered very strong operating profit leverage with currency neutral adjusted operating profit up 6% and 1% top-line growth. As I have done in the last few quarters, I would also like to highlight the impact of emerging market pricing on our growth rates to better compare with our peers. As a reminder, for a variety of reasons many of our sales transactions in the emerging markets occur either in U.S. dollars or other hard currencies, for our indexed hard currencies, when we have to invoice in local market currencies.When reporting our currency neutral sales growth, we exclude foreign exchange related price changes in emerging markets, but this is different from our peers. We believe our reporting standard provides investor with a truer assessment of underlying currency neutral growth especially when there are large emerging market valuations relative to the U.S. dollar or euro. However, it's important to help all of you understand our performance relative to our competition.During the first nine months of 2019, the stronger USD environment plus significant emerging market devaluations year-over-year in several key markets had approximately a 2% currency impact, if we include emerging market pricing. You can see from the chart that three countries outlined represented less than 10% of scent and taste sales, but have significant devaluation.Turning to business unit performance for the third quarter, in scent currency neutral sales grew 3% with growth in all regions and nearly all categories. Performance was strongest in fine fragrances strong mid-single digits led by robust growth in EMEA and Greater Asia.Consumer fragrances grew low-single digits with increases in nearly all categories led by home care, hair care and fabric care. Fragrance ingredients was flat as price increases were offset by volume declines related to supply chain destocking.Scent currency neutral segment profit was flat as the benefits of productivity initiatives and mix were offset by unfavorable price to input costs. We believe that the timing impact of raw materials between inventory and the P&L that we saw in Q2 reversed in the current quarter.We are starting to see signs of raw materials easing, but the costs remain elevated given the 20% increases, experienced over the past two years. In taste, third quarter currency neutral sales declined approximately 2% against the very strong growth of 7% in the year ago period.Growth was strongest in greater Asia with high single-digit growth, contributing to this growth for improvements in key markets such as Indonesia, India and China. However, as expected the volume erosion with multinational customers that we outlined last quarter continued into the third quarter offsetting growth. From a category perspective, it should be noted that performance was strongest in beverage and savory led by new win performance.Despite a challenging pipeline, taste segment profit grew 4% on a currency neutral basis driven primarily by productivity initiatives and cost management. This focus to over 90 basis point margin improvement year-over-yearBefore moving on to Frutarom, I want to share some additional context on taste. The fundamentals of this business remain quite strong. Our project pipeline and win rates are both up about 25% year-over-year. This bodes well for the future. As I just mentioned volume erosion worsened further in Q3 and is now more than 5x our three year average. However, I'm pleased to say that we have already begun to see this inflection in the fourth quarter of 2019 as new win contribution contributions time and volume erosion has begun to normalize.In the third quarter Frutarom totaled of $364 million. On a standalone basis currency neutral sales increased 5% driven by the net contribution of acquisitions and divested businesses as organic sales remain constant. Performance was driven by growth in taste and savory both offset by some of the same dynamics that we shared in the second quarter with continued pressures in the F&F ingredients mostly notably citrus sauce and note natural products or solutions particularly raw material -- more material driven price declines in natural colors.We are seeing growth stabilize in the third quarter and are expecting an improvement in the fourth quarter as we start to lap some of the transitory issues. I'll discuss this in more detail in a moment.In terms of segment profit, the Frutarom division delivered $828 million and $68 million of profit excluding amortization, third quarter margin profile continues to be strong at 18.7%, if you exclude amortization. Margin continues to be strong driven by cost management and acquisition related synergies.Turning to cash flow dynamics. Operating cash flow in the first nine months of 2019 was up significant from $202 million last year to $383 million this year. The performance was driven primarily by higher cash earnings, core working capital defined as inventories, accounts payable and accounts payable improved year-over-year with progress in all three metrics. Inventory still remain at elevated levels primarily due to raw material cost increases and safety stocks within the scent division. However, in the third quarter we saw a positive inflection and the levels are continuing to improve.In the first nine months of 2019 CapEx as a percentage of sales was 4.2% driven by new plant and capacity investments, mainly in [indiscernible] as well as creative centers and integration related investments. For the full year, we continue to believe that CapEx as a percentage of sales will be between 4.5% and 5% of sales. Bringing this all together, we had a strong $123 million increase in free cash flow in the first nine months of 2019.Before turning to our outlook for the remainder of the year, allow me to bridge our expected full year 2019 organic growth to our long-term growth aspiration of 5% to 7%. In '19, we've been impacted by two specific challenges, one in our taste segment and the second in our Frutarom segment.Starting with our combined organic growth, we expect to finish 2019 at approximately 2% organically. As we communicated throughout the year, we had been impacted by higher than normal volume erosion on our core taste business, particularly with multinational customers. The impact of this on our consolidated growth is approximately a 0.5 on a full year basis.At Frutarom, the combination of the transitory issues we outlined including citrus source, natural colors, trade and marketing as well as the compliance investigation had approximately 1.5 adverse impact on our top-line growth relative to expectation. If we adjust for these items, our normalized, combined organic growth would be approximately 4% this would be in line with the long-term organic growth guidance we communicated at our Investor Day in June this year. Then, when you layer on approximately a percentage point of cross-selling benefits which we will see a significant ramp up in 2020 and a percentage point from additional M&A, similar to the one percentage point we achieved in 2019 you get to 6% which is the mid-point of our long-term range of 5% to 7%.Looking at the cadence of our growth in 2019 combined company currency neutral sales, inclusive of M&A has improved sequentially from Q2 to Q3. And while we're early in the fourth quarter, we do expect the improving sales trend to continue up mid-single digits in Q4. As noted by Andreas, the start to Q4 puts us on a trajectory to see this level. We are seeing a strong rebound in taste as volume rose and is normalizing and we are targeting positive growth at Frutarom as we began to lap several of the isolated issues I mentioned a moment ago.Taking into account our year-to-date performance and if the strong start to Q4 sales trends continue, we expect to be at the low-end of our previous guidance range for sales and adjusted EPS excluding amortization. Delivering upon the low-end of our previous guidance represents very good results in a challenging year with currency neutral sales growth of approximately 3% and adjusted operating profit ex amortization, increasing mid-single digits both on a combined basis. The operating leverage is even more pronounced in the second half, in excess of 3x times.With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rich.As we look ahead, there are several potential near term catalysts that we believe will provide tailwinds. From a sales perspective, taste volumes are starting to rebound as Rich just mentioned, which we expect to increase mid-single digits in quarter four as destocking ends. In scent, we will capitalize on a 450 million incremental excess via additional three global coreless assuming we only achieve our fair share that can provide a couple of percentage points of growth over the next few years.And Frutarom we expect to see improving cleanse as Q3 was better than Q2 and Q4 was expected to be better than Q3. Then as we cycle transitory issues which highlighted [indiscernible] to our mid-single digit trend. To compliment this cross selling benefits are expected to trade approximately 100 million by the end of 2021.From a profitability perspective, we expect to benefit from acquisition related cost synergies. 2019 have already had great success achieving 50 million savings for the full year and expect the incremental benefits, we will be no less than an additional $50 million in 2020 as we are internally targeting more.At the core, we will also deliver on the 100 million productivity initiatives we outlined at our Investor Day. About one-third will be achieved in 2019, two-thirds coming in 2020 and 2021. And finally, we're starting to see signs of raw material deflation following a 20% increase we experienced over the past two years.Translating this into go forward financials, we continue to expect to deliver 5% to 7% currency neutral sales growth and a 10% plus in adjusted EPS excluding amortization, including both cross selling benefits and bolt-on acquisitions.In summary, the third quarter was a quarter of good progress, with positive momentum building. We delivered a sequential improvement in growth and achieved adjusted operating profit margin expansion excluding amortization via synergies, productivity and cost management.We are confident in our execution of our integration plan and in turn have to live at increased cost synergies in year one. We have started quarter four strong and given this trend, we are reconfirming our full year 2019 financial guidance.Looking beyond 2019, we have strong value creation opportunities via many near term catalysts. I'll pause forward is clear deliver strong value creation for all of our stakeholders, the growth acceleration, margin expansion and a successful integration.With that operator, we are now happy to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mark Astrachan: Yes. Thanks. Good morning everybody. I guess a few questions. So, maybe just start the commentary about the strong start to the fourth quarter. I guess what gives confidence that you can sustain the improvement through the quarter, last quarter sequentially worsened through the quarter. So what gives confidence that this time is different? And I guess two, if you're talking about October being better, you've got the extra week at the end of the quarter, so then by definition wouldn't the number be materially better for the fourth quarter? I guess maybe, can you reconcile some of that for us, and then, also confirm whether Frutarom is like-for-like in that it's excluding the three days at the beginning of the quarter that weren't in the base.
Andreas Fibig: Okay, Mark. Good morning, first of all. It's Andreas. Let me get started. So from the visit visibility point of view, we have already five weeks, which I think is good. We see what we have in the order book and we have in particular on the taste side, very, very strong win rates. So, these are the things which make us confident for the first quarter. And as you just mentioned, we have the 53rd week as well. So, all-in-all we see good development starting into the first quarter. And in particular we are happy about taste, that we had a couple of quarters which were not going so well. Certainly, again, a very, very strong comparison last year, but that's turning the corner quite rapidly and absolutely in the right direction, but Rich might add to that.
Richard O'Leary: Yes, Mark. I think you are right. If you recall, the comment I made was that as the trend continues through the end of the quarter, we're on target to exceed the mid-single-digit, which includes the 53rd week. So and doing that would enable us to get to the low-end of the guidance.
Mark Astrachan: And on Frutarom piece, so that excluded in the fourth quarter numbers?
Richard O'Leary: It's the standard 445, and excludes the M&A also.
Mark Astrachan: Got it. Okay. And then, thinking about 2020, I realize it's early and you may not want to want to talk about it, but I guess just a couple of puts and takes to it. So, you've got a bunch of headwinds in terms of things that you're lapping, like the extra week, incentive, comp reset, hedge gains FX, et cetera.So it seemed like, maybe it's a little harder to get to the longer term earnings algorithm for next year, unless sales growth accelerates, I guess a, is that directionally a reasonable way to think about it, and then, b, from a currency neutral sales growth, obviously it's a longer way off. But, directionally, how should we think about the commentary you just gave about the bridge from the 2% fiscal '19 organic to this normalized growth of six next year, which would seem like you need a little bit to go right to get to.
Andreas Fibig: Look, we Mark we have a lot of positives and I actually believe we will start in the next year was quite a bit of tail wind. Let me talk about it. The first one is, is certainly that we see that the tastes volumes are rebounding very, very strongly. So that's one which is really important because it has direct us down in 2019 then we have now these more core lists with our scent business which gives us access to 450 million in incremental sales potential. And we see that we have already won some businesses with these customers this year, which will then materialize next year. So, that's another an important move for more forward. We are lapping some of the Frutarom transitory challenges like citrus source for example.And then, the brush share case so that that's a good thing as well and thing which talked always to it that we can see a good mid single digit gross for the assets from mid, mid of next year. So that's good. And what we do makes me very optimistic is that we see the first nice cross-selling wins. We have this as an extra budget line in. We have a very, very strong pipeline of more than 800 projects already, which is really, really, really good. And on top of it, if you take a very close look to the cost synergies, we are very happy what the organization has delivered this year in particular on procurement savings because procurement is so important because it doesn't distract the organization from anything. And we're delivering all cost savings in general this year of 50 million, which is way above what we had expected and we call this at tailwind into 2020 as well.Then the usual core productivity programs which are running. And then, we see some tailwind on the [indiscernible] as well. So that's, I think these are a lot of very strong positive scoring are going forward. Certainly hedging in FX might be a bit of a headwind, but it all depends on the currencies develops, but Rich, you might comment on that.
Richard O'Leary: Yes. Look, I think Mark, there are -- as you said, I think when you look at absolute year-over-year, there's going to be some headwinds from currency. We don't have the 53rd week. So that could be, 50, 60 basis point headwind year-over-year. We do get the benefits from cross-selling. I think the fundamentals are strong and I think that's what we feel good about. As I said and as Andreas mentioned, is how I said on the last call. I think it's going to be more towards the middle of next year when we lap some of these transitory issues. So I'm not ready to say we're going to get to the 60% next year because I think we have clearly some transitory issues we have to work through. But the foundation solid and I do think the long-term, our beliefs are that the long-term growth potential is there and that view hasn't changed.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Roberts with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: Thank you. I'm looking at slide 15, in the 1.5% sales headwind from transitory issues in Frutarom, I think that's about 20 million or that would've been about a 5% sales headwind to the Frutarom segment sales. So, as a way to think about this is an underlying business trends for Frutarom, excluding these headwinds is mid single digit currently. And do we get that that should accelerate to be above the corporate average sale? Are you still consider Frutarom to be one of the highest growth longer term segments in the company?
Richard O'Leary: Yes, John. I think it's, look at, you look at the underlying mix of businesses and the categories. That's the right way to think about it that it's an above average grower. Once we cycle through that those transitory issues, some of which will continue into next year. But yes, that's, that's consistent with our view.
Andreas Fibig: We have seen a couple of these segments within the legacy Frutarom business like inclusions where we have good double-digit growth and we believe that this will continue going forward.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mike Sison with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mike Sison: Hey guys. Nice quarter. In terms of the Frutarom effect on earnings, that it was 1.5% hit on sales. What was the hit on earnings or EPS, which, where do I look at it? And does that come back with higher leverage, longer term? Is that you got more cost savings and synergy to support that growth?
Richard O'Leary: Yes. From an overall profitability standpoint, if you include the synergies, it's not a hit, right? I mean from an exclusive of the borrowing cost and the cost of capital. But from a growth standpoint, we move forward some of these businesses that we're cycling through that we've talked about in the past, citrus source, the trade and marketing, some of the compliance related stuff, our lower margin is lower than average margin profiles compared to the overall Frutarom level. So, so as we've cycled that, there's a -- actually a favorable pickup going forward. So I think, overall, it's not that much of a drag in terms of from a P&L standpoint. Great. Thank you.
Mike Sison: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks. Good morning. So, I noticed in the Q, you talked about raw material headwinds persisting for the next two quarters. I think even partially offset by cost savings. So does that imply that margins will be under pressure for the next two quarters 4Q and 1Q?
Richard O'Leary: I think for me, Lauren, we have to think about is that they're still at elevated levels. I mean, I think we're starting to see some signs of stabilization. As I look at sort of the net of input cost to raw material -- pricing of raw material costs, they were definitely a negative for the first half of the year. Q3 were basically breakeven and I expect it to be slightly favorable in Q4.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. And what helps us as well as that Nicholas and his business unit have done a good job to keep let's say take some structural cost outs to be very competitive in this field and that's helping here as well.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. And then, Rich, it wasn't in the Q, what was the incentive comp tailwind for the quarter because that'll help off with modeling next year.
Richard O'Leary: Between $5 million and $10 million.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. All right, great. And then, if you can talk also just North America taste point, I was just curious kind of your thoughts on why that business has slowed because I felt like that was sort of an advantageous model you'd put together. And so any commentary you can offer would be really helpful.
Andreas Fibig: Yes, absolutely. And that's a very, very good point. We have seen it in that very quarter, but it's already rebounding strongly in the fourth quarter. I would say it's a transitory topic for the quarter driven by vanilla in a sense that some of the customers went from a natural vanilla to more the one and the synthetic solutions, which is good from a profitability point of view, but not so good from the sales point of point of view. And we see now a good start into the quarter. So I would not interpret too much into it. The concept stays and the concept survives. So, we are doing very well here..
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Gunther Zechmann: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a few to run through please. The overall synergies with Frutarom, you kept unchanged a hundred million revenues of a three years, 145 million cost synergies. You speak very confidently about achieving or overachieving those targets. What makes you hold on to the numbers that you originally came with then? Or what would trigger you to actually raise the synergy target? That's number one.The second one is on the mid-single-digit growth that you've seen in October. Just wanted to clarify that this is local currency sales growth rather than organic. And is a drive that in Q4 you should have just about over percentage planned of consolidation gains on the revenue line as well. And then within my one question, very briefly, it just CapEx 2020, what should we expect? Thanks.
Richard O'Leary: Let me just make sure I get the three different items in the question, Gunther. So, first let me start with October. It is currency neutral organic growth, so it excludes the M&A and that's the results through the first five weeks of Q4. In terms of CapEx next year, I would expect this to be around 4.5% plus or minus, we're still working through that, but it's the peak year in terms of '19 to '20 as we've talked about. We're finishing up a couple of the key investments in Asia, India and Indonesia. We've got the probably the peak of the integration CapEx. And then, from there we all move down pretty quickly into 2021 going forward along the lines of the 3.5% that I've talked about previously.In terms of the synergy guidance, just keep in mind, where are we seeing the traction and where we've -- over-delivered in 2019 is really on the procurement side. I think we're very, very confident in our ability to deliver that. Obviously that, plateaus and I think we still have a lot of work to be done next year, particularly around the footprint and the site integration work. So it's a little bit early for me to raise the target from the 145, as I said in my comments, I think it puts us on a trajectory to do that, but I'm not ready to declare victory.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Faiza Alwy: Yes. Hi. Good morning. So a couple of questions. I guess, first, if I look at some of your competitors and how they're doing, it seems to me that they haven't seen the type of volume erosion that you have this year and accepting that there seems to be a turn in October, but I wanted to see if you had any thoughts on why that is. And what can you do to align yourselves more with those that are winning?
Richard O'Leary: No. I think from a big picture standpoint, we're on all the core list that we want to be on. And where it makes sense is to be on it beyond the coreless from an, from an economic standpoint. Certain of our customers are not performing as well. When you look at a two-year trend, for the first nine months of the year you adjust for the peer-based currency dynamic. We're very close to our largest competitor. So, I think we don't believe that we are fundamentally losing share and that we're performing well in the market and once we pass the transitory issue.So, I think we're the best thing we're doing and we're focused on, is actually carrying on our plan. Andreas has talked about the opportunity we have going forward on the scent side in terms of nearly $450 million in core lists access, as, we progressed on that that provides real upside to the scent business. I talked about some of the commentary around. On the legacy taste business about the order book and win rates being up significantly year-over-year, that bodes well for the future. So, I don't know if there's -- look, we have to execute and battle every day and we compete every day. And that's what we're focused on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Good morning everyone. I was hoping you could provide us a little bit more color on the taste kind of growth outlook and the confidence you just have there about that kind of returning in 2020 just given the performance this year, just you really think it's concentrated with the multinational customers and just categories where you feel your win-win. Win rates with suggested accelerations in the offing. Thanks.
Andreas Fibig: That's absolutely, look, listen, we will see the turnaround already in the fourth quarter. What we have seen in the first five weeks and what is in the order book looks, looks very, very strong and usually the business goes a little bit in [waves here] [ph] and we are not on the upswing right now. We see a good demand in many areas in particular in very innovative areas. We see it in, in the plant based proteins for example, which is becoming a really important driver of the business. We see that we have more of these solutions available. So the portfolio we inherited through Frutarom, which is helping as well. Some of it will be accounted in the cross selling and total solution space. So, we are actually very optimistic that this is going in the right direction and the team is thriving.And what I just said for taste point is actually important as well because certainly the last quarter was not great for taste point, but we are seeing a good rebounding on this one with many of our core call customers and we see in particular also a good winning on the beverage side, which is very helpful. So all in all, all the signs are very, very positive on that business. And I think that the team is fairly optimistic and motivated for the next couple of quarters.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Speaker: Good morning. It's [indiscernible] for Jeff. How are you? Hi. I have a on your productivity initiatives outside of Frutarom. Can you talk about like where you stand so far, so I think what you've announced is that you've picked like a $40 million charge in there, 190 positions to be eliminated and maybe like a total cost will be 20 million. So, there's some to go. So, where are you in terms of the program and what do you think the savings might be that you'll see from this year and next year?
Richard O'Leary: Yes. So I mean, it's, I would say we're on track to deliver the a hundred million that we've talked about remember there's different components of it. A big part of it is in the scent business, on the cost transformation line -- that part of it is in the early stages now. What you're seeing some of the charges for relate to on the scent side, the overhead, the realignment of the business, finance transformation is some what we're going through now. I think we're going to basically deliver probably a little less than a third this year and then the remaining two-thirds equally over 2020 and 2021.
Andreas Fibig: What is really exciting on this area as well as that the reason why we spent good amount of CapEx, this year is to modernize much of our manufacturing footprint where a lot of more OpEx and AI goes in, which will help us in the mid and long-term to a very competitive manufacturing costs in place. And that's helping as well. And that's what Rich said, because we have to finish up a couple of projects in Asia, which will have, we are just building the most modern and biggest flavors and fragrance manufacturing plant in India. We're doing something in China and in Indonesia. And also with the optimization of the footprint we bring in a lot of technology which will help us to come to a very, very competitive manufacturing costs.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Heidi Vesterinen with Exane. Please go ahead.
Heidi Vesterinen: Hi. Good morning. So, you had a new comment in the 10-Q highlighting potential risk of a goodwill impairment. What was your rationale for adding that comment this quarter and are you prepared to roll out impairments at this stage given the underperformance?
Richard O'Leary: Heidi, look as we go through the normal process at the end of the year, it's a required update in the disclosure. Look, at this point I consider it unlikely that we'll have impairment. And as I said earlier, we haven't changed our change, our view on the long-term impacts and potential of this business. So, I consider it unlikely.
Heidi Vesterinen: And then, if I could ask another one, another question from the 10-Q. So, you've also announced you've entered into a new factoring agreement. What explains the rationale for this and does this in parts, explain your confidence over cash flows?
Richard O'Leary: Yes. I think it's consistent with our plan. To me, I look at it as it helps us accelerate the de-leveraging plan the cost of capital to do the factoring on a short-term borrowing rates versus our long-term cost of capital rates. It's an attractive trade-off. And so, we're being opportunistic about that aspect.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks very much. Just let me start with a detailed, when you talked about acceleration in Frutarom for the first few weeks of October, can you confront that means it's growing organically, not just by acquisition, but growing organically where it was flat I think last quarter. Thank you. That's quick related…How would roughly flat organic for last quarter have compared with your original plans when you laid out the 145 million synergy target? And I guess related to that and finally if there were any kind of, you've emphasized procurement as the main source of synergies and that makes a lot of sense, but is there any rationalization going on here in Frutarom that is effecting the growth rate where you're going in and getting rid of unprofitable or tail business and that's maybe slowing the business down versus what the kind of organic growth rates but the deal?
Richard O'Leary: No, John, I mean, you know, I think there's a couple of different pieces there. I think when you ask where the growth rates were and Q3 being flat versus our expectations obviously is below where we wanted it to be and where we expected to be. It's driven by some of the transitory issues that I talked about previously in terms of colors issue and in [NPS] [ph], the trade and marketing the citrus source businesses.So, if I look at the core taste part of the business as you call on a Q2 call, we talked about a very challenging June in the taste business, particularly in Europe. Some of that continued into Q3, but again, we've seen a good start to Q4 and than certainly higher where we saw in Q3 all for four regions in the taste of Frutarom as well as for the savory business. And that's why I think ultimately, we have the confidence in the structural capability of that business.In terms of impacts related to integration, the reason why we're highlighting the procurement savings is that's really what's accelerating and what's changed. The biggest driver or difference in terms of our expected synergies -- that started the year at 30 to 35 and where we are now in 50. We're making -- we are on target and we are making good progress against the site rationalization you saw on -- I think it was Andreas' comments when we talked about the number of closes we've announced. So far and completed in the second half of this year. That will accelerate into 2020 and that's a big part of the driver of the increased synergies year-over-year between '19 and '20. I think from a, you get to the point about businesses that are -- on less attractive margin profile, profitability profile. I think that's more of a mix effect that we'll see going forward.
Operator: Our next question's from Brett Hundley with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Brett Hundley: Hey, good morning guys. Rich, I just wanted to go back -- just want to go back to the Heidi's question related to the -- your comment on the factoring agreement. Do you, do you see that pulling anything forward from Q4? What's normally a pretty big working capital quarter for you? And then, if I can just follow on with a separate question. Just going back to raw materials are we seeing any new synthetic production coming online out there that might help to combat some of the issues that we've seen in recent years? And does that play into some of your confidence about the go forward there? Thank you.
Richard O'Leary: Excuse me. For the first part on the working capital piece of it, it might have a small impact on what we typically did before, but it's not, it's not a huge program. I mean, I still expect to get the -- the improvement in Q4 that we typically see given the cyclicality and the way things operate in the fourth quarter. In terms of new capacity input costs, I think certainly the first thing is that we've seen, I'll say a stabilization of the supply chain. And that's the starting point. I mean if you think about what I talked about, Q2, Q1 was they were still a lot of volatility out there.Inventory levels remain high on the scent business for us and our competition, but we are seeing signs that as I said, that it starting to stabilize and I think the industry as a whole is starting to rebalance inventories and get away from safety stocks. The talk that we saw some improvement in Q3 in terms of inventory levels coming down. I expect that to continue in Q4. There's new capacity coming on from VASF in the fourth quarter. I think some of the capacity that was out of the market because of the fires is coming back on. And I think that helps provide a trajectory going forward for us to reduce inventory levels. And provide, as Andreas said, we're starting to see some signs that we may have some easing next year or going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from James Targett with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
James Targett: Hi, good afternoon. I'm just one question for me, on the compliance update. Can you just confirm, you talk about being substantially complete when you do expect it to be complete and what's outstanding? Thanks.
Richard O'Leary: Yes. I mean we're substantially complete in terms of doing the investigation as in anything like this, there's things that have to -- we have to finish putting, resolving issues whether it's people that are on garden leave that have to then go through. But it's the normal sort of follow up and clean up that that has as a result of something like that.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. It's also cleaning up all of these documents we have screened. So, Deloitte and some of our legal partners here as well, I think in the first quarter we should be fine with that.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude today's Q&A session. I'd like to return the calls of Andreas for final remarks.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you very much for all the good questions and the attendance here. And we will follow-up with was one-on-one sessions with many of you. Thank you. Take care.
Operator: And this does conclude today's program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the IFF Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's second quarter 2019 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay.Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to the outlook for our third quarter, second half and full year 2019. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on February 26, 2019, and our press release that we filed yesterday.Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued yesterday and is on our website.With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rich O'Leary. We'll start with prepared remarks, and then take any questions that you may have.With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike. On the call today, I will like to provide a recap of our vision 2021, which we shared at our Investor Day the past June. After that, I will provide comments on our second quarter financial results and give an update on our integration progress. Once finished, I will ask Rich to give a more in depth financial review of our business performance and provide an update on our outlook for the balance of the year. Then we will take any questions that you may have.We are very confident in the long-term outlook for our business. Thanks in large part to our industry leading innovation, both in diverse customer base and superior product portfolio. IFF has a history of strong sales growth and proven profitability. We are excited about the future as we believe that combination of IFF and Frutarom will create significant value for our customers, employees and shareholders.At our Investor Day in June, we outlined our new vision 2021 strategy. The Vision 2021 strategy has been designed to leverage our newly combined organization, our enhanced product portfolio, increased naturals position, expanded market access, broader customer base and greater innovation pipeline, all with our customer at the centre of everything we do.Our four strategic pillars include, unlocking growth opportunities, while we'll capitalize on our expanded product portfolio on a customer base, and extensive geographic presence. We also expect that cross selling and integrated solutions are relatively new capabilities set will lead to 100 million sales over the 2019 to '21 period, driving innovation while we will invest in high growth and high return platforms to continue to drive our industry leading R&D pipeline.I'm pleased to say, with the combination of IFF and Frutarom on R&D is the strongest it has been in the company's history. We have expanded R&D capabilities with cutting edge research, all carefully prioritized platforms based on future return potential.Managing the portfolio, while we will focus on optimizing our portfolio to maximize value creation, our business portfolio is much more broad and diverse with a range of growth potentials and margin profiles. To maximize value creation, we are focusing on disciplined resource allocation, where we establish clear guidelines to prioritize our investment decisions as we move forward.Accelerating business transformation, while we were successfully integrated Frutarom on delivering 145 million of synergies, but also continuing our strong productivity agenda in our legacy business for incremental 100 million in savings. And of course, culture, technology sustainability, M&A and talent all remain critical enablers to our strategy.From a long-term perspective, we're excited about where we compete. Our market potential is now approximately 50 billion with an estimated 4% total market growth rate. This is a significant increase from just one year ago, while estimated market was approximately 26.5 billion with an average growth rate of 2% to 3%.So Frutarom, we have gained broad exposure into many attractive adjacencies where growth is approximately 6% in the next five years. This additional access not only provides us with incremental market potential, but we believe growth over the mid and long-term should accelerate as needed as nearly all these adjacent markets have higher intrinsic growth rates.To ensure we capture the opportunities ahead, we are we aligning our business to take effect in 2020. Frutarom's tastes and flavor solutions were transitioned under our legacy taste business unit. We are also adding Frutarom's inclusions business, which comprises Taura, Inventive and Leagel, our ice cream ingredients business into legacy taste. The remaining parts of Frutarom will be grouped into a new nutrition and ingredients division. This high growth high, margin business will include Frutarom's natural product solutions, as well as the flavor ingredients business. At the business unit level, we are focused on prioritize our strategy to ensure we capture future growth potential.Within scent we serve customers across a wide spectrum of scientists. However, the bulk of our market is composed of multinational companies who work via co-lists. We recently won a new co-list access, providing us with the opportunity to compete for 450 million of market potential we previously didn't have access to. This was a significant opportunity for growth. And as such, we are focused on capitalizing on our new access with maintaining strong improvements with regional and local customers.Our go forward goal in scent is to drive value creations with disciplined portfolio management, investing in high margin businesses and fixing profitability in categories that have been disproportionately impacted by higher raw material cost. In addition, we've identified and executed on opportunities to streamline our organization within the scent business unit, which is already contributing approximately 4 million of savings through the first half of 2019.In taste, the focus on effectively integrating the Frutarom businesses and our go to market approaches by expanding our case point model to ensure we serve and capture opportunities with faster growing small and mid-sized customers in other key markets around the world. We are also targeting higher growth geographies, for example, Africa and the Middle East and enhancing our portfolio by expanding savory solution and inclusions globally.In nutrition and ingredients, it's all about geographic expansion, focusing on differentiating natural and clean label technologies and targeting value enhancing acquisitions. The majority of the categories within the division natural health ingredients, natural food protection and natural colors all have strong future growth potential. And we are focused on increasing our scale to disproportional growth at accelerated rates.At the core, we anticipate that based on encouraging natural growth to be approximately 3% to 5%. Then we believe that we have incremental opportunities to long-term to add an additional percentage point for cross selling and integrated solutions, as well as another percentage points for acquisitions. The net result is that we expect overall currency neutral sales growth to average 5% to 7% over the next three years.Taking a step back, we now have the broadest and deepest portfolio of businesses in our long history, one that provides a variety of investment options. To maximize value creation, we have established portfolio roles and clear guidelines to prioritize our investment decisions. There are three approaches to managing our portfolio growth, where we will accelerate margin accretive categories through incremental investments, such as fine fragrance and cosmetic active ingredients.Balanced, while we'll self fund investments to maintain gross margin cash flow and fix. But we will have limited investments until margin goals achieve targeted levels or we de-prioritize. An example of this is creative marketing, while we have de-prioritized our approach given the margin profile or the businesses we exited earlier this year. As you can see, we have categories in all of these three portfolio certifications. These certifications will streamline our category management, and fine tune our strategic efforts to ensure we grow sales and also improve our margins.We have strong programs in place to drive profitability. From 2019 to '21, we expect margin improvements to be driven by our portfolio optimization strategy and 145 million of integration savings from the Frutarom transaction. As discussed, portfolio optimization is expected to profit as margin, management, pricing, cost leverage and selective pooling of our low margin and non strategic sales will drive overall margin expansion.Within our planned integration synergies from the Frutarom acquisitions, we are rationalizing and harmonizing our procurement activities via leverage spent and make versus volume. We are also optimizing the global footprint as we expect approximately 35 sites globally to be optimized, which will generate additional efficiencies. The last piece is streamlining our overhead expense, which is intended to reduce non-strategic costs and eliminating redundant expense expenses. We are highly confident in our ability to achieve on 145 million in cost savings target at the end of 2021.In addition to our integration synergies, we expect approximately 100 million savings and additional productivity programs. Beyond margin expansion these industries are key in a journey to fundamentally transform how we operate, focusing on process improvements, simplifications and centralization. This will provide flexibility to drive bottom line is results and reinvest in our growth engines.Our long-term financial objectives are clear. This includes total shareholder return on drivers of 5% to 7% currency neutral gross, margin expansion to be less than three times net debt to EBITDA in 18 to 24 months, 10% plus adjust EPS growth, excluding amortization and approximately 2% dividend yield. Our vision 2021 strategy is focused on discipline execution and integration. We remain steadfast in our approach and belief in the long-term value equation for all of our stakeholders.Turning now to the second quarter, year-over-year results on a consolidated basis were strong, including the contribution of Frutarom. Reported sales increased 40% with the largest driver being the contribution of additional sales related to Frutarom. As communicated at our June Investor Day, currency neutral performance on a combined base was soft due to significant volume erosion with multinational customers within taste and a continued pressure within Frutarom driven by decline in F&F ingredients, notably citrus source, natural colors, pricing, parts of savory solutions and trade and marketing, While Rich will go into details in a moment, I feel it's important to highlight several strong performances within the quarter to ensure we do not lose sight of the progress we're making.In scent we delivered mid single digit sales growth with growth in all categories and doubled digit adjusted segment profit growth rose on a currency neutral basis. Within the rest of the business, several of the high growth categories continue to have solid performances led by beverage and savory and taste, natural food protection, gelato, the ice cream ingredients business and algae in Frutarom. In addition, the businesses we have acquired since the beginning of the year, Mighty, Leagel, and Wiberg Canada are all growing at or above our expectations.From a profitability perspective, we are also pleased that adjusted operating profit margin excluding amortization improved 80 bps, year-over-year driven by productivity initiatives and acquisitions related synergies, a market acceleration as opposed to our first quarter performance. I'm pleased to report that our integration efforts are well underway. We're making excellent progress. Those businesses where we have aligned our go to market approach with IFF growth was strong, increasing high single digits.In terms of cross selling and integrated solutions, we have already achieved 8 million in run rate sales. Longer term, we believe that we can deliver at least 100 million of top line sales by 2021. We are leveraging the compelling combination of R&D technologies and capabilities of both organizations. As stated many times, innovation drives differentiation and is critical for long- term success. I'm pleased with the progress the team is making and as they strengthen our product offering to our customers.Turning to cost synergies, we've made strong advancements year-to- date, as we have achieved approximately 15 million in the first half of 2019, based on our progress to date and our expectation in savings benefit to accelerate throughout the year. We're now forecasting that we will achieve approximately 40 million in cost savings in 2019 up from our previous estimate of 30 million to 35 million. In terms of debt repayment and cash flow, our operating cash flow was up 130 million in the first half of 2019 compared to the previous year period and we repaid 47 million in the first half of 2019.With that I would like to turn the call over to Rich.
Richard O'Leary: Thank you, Andreas. In the second quarter we delivered quarterly sales of approximately 1.3 billion. On a combined basis currency neutral sales grew 1% driven by acquisitions and strong growth in scent. We also maintained strong profitability levels led by productivity initiatives, acquisition related synergies and favorable price versus input costs.This combined with the addition of Frutarom led to a very strong 29% increase over the prior year period and adjusted operating profit margin excluding amortization improved 80 basis points year-over-year.Our financial results were in line with my comments at our Investor Day, when I said we would be between 1% to 3% depending upon how June progressed. And while we did not finish as strong as we had would have liked in terms of sales, we did a good job delivering overall profitability in line with our expectations.From a cash flow projective perspective, we had significant year-over-year increases in operating cash flow and free cash flow driven primarily by higher earnings and amortization. As we've done previously I would like to highlight the impact of emerging market pricing on our growth rates to better compare with our peers.As a reminder for a variety of reasons, many of our sales transactions in the emerging markets occur either in US dollars or other hard currencies for our index to hard currencies when we have to invoice in local market currencies. When recording our currency neutral sales growth, we exclude foreign exchange related price changes in emerging markets. But this is different from our peers.We believe our reporting standard provides investors with a true assessment of underlying currency neutral growth, especially when there are large emerging market devaluations relative to the US dollar or euro. However, it's important to help all of you understand our performance relative to competition.During the second quarter and first half of 2019, the stronger US dollar environment plus significant emerging market devaluations year-over-year in several key markets had approximately a 2% currency impact of growth if we included emerging market pricing. This is essentially driven by large the evaluations in three countries, which represent less than 10% of our consolidated scent and taste sales.Turning to business unit performance, in scent second quarter currency neutral sales grew 4% against a solid year ago comp a 5% with growth in nearly all regions and categories. Performance was strongest in fragrance ingredients and consumer fragrances, both increasing mid single digits. Consumer fragrances was led by high single digit growth in home care and fabric care. Fine fragrance also grew low single digits following a double digit performance in Q1, led by strong new wins, particularly in EAME.But should be noted that raw material driven pricing increases represented approximately 4% in the second quarter on a consolidated basis, with the strongest increases in fragrance ingredients. In fragrance compounds, the composition of growth was balanced, with equal contribution between volume and price. Same currency initial segment profit increased 19% benefiting from cost and productivity initiatives and more favorable price to input costs.We believe that this was due to the timing of raw materials between the inventory and our P&L as we continue to see year-over-year increases in our purchases. Raw material costs remain elevated significantly above historical levels and we will continue to work with our customers on actions to mitigate these increases. In terms of segment profit margin, year-over-year performance was up approximately 200 basis points to 19.2%.In taste, second quarter currency neutral sales decreased approximately 1% against the strong growth of 6% in the year ago period. Growth was strongest in Greater Asia with year-over-year improvements in China, India, and the ASEAN region. We also post the growth in EAME led by strong performance in Africa and Middle East. In Latin America and North America, volume origins with multinational customers were significant and intensified throughout the quarter.When comparing to historical averages, our volume erosion rate in the second quarter was approximately three times our historical average. Taste currency neutral segment profit was adversely impacted by volume declines, unfavorable price, the material costs and a week or mix. Nevertheless, segment profit margins will remain best in class amongst our industry peers.For Frutarom in the second quarter sales totaled approximately 382 million. On a standalone basis for Frutarom sales were flat, driven by the contribution of acquisitions. Excluding the contribution of acquisitions and divested businesses, Frutarom sales declined low single digits or 4%. Similar to what we communicate at our Investor Day, results were primarily driven by decline in F&F ingredients, most notably citrus source where one of our competitors are no longer purchasing from us, as well as well as raw material driven price decreases in natural colors and weaknesses in savory solutions related to weather conditions in Europe and Canada, and trade and marketing, where we are the de-prioritizing.While all of these are very similar to what we have discussed previously, it is worth noting that Frutarom's taste volumes decelerated throughout the second quarter driven by weakness in the UK and Ireland. In terms of segment profit, the Frutarom delivered $37 million and $77 million in profit excluding amortization. The margin profile for Frutarom in the second quarter continues to be strong at a robust 20.1% if you exclude amortization. This has been driven by acquisition related synergies and continued cross discipline.For the first half of 2019, we have delivered 15 million in integration synergies. As Andreas mentioned earlier, we are now expecting to achieve approximately 40 million in cost synergies in 2019, up from our previous estimate of 30 million to 35 million driven predominantly by procurement optimization. In addition, we continue to deliver on our core productivity program, where we drive process improvement simplification and centralization. On a year-to- date basis, we've achieved approximately 25 million of core productivity savings in the first half of 2019. Together we delivered approximately $40 million in year-over-year savings are about 19% expressed in terms of operating profit growth on a combined basis.Operating cash flow in the first half of 2019 was up significantly from 55 million last year to 185 million this year. Performance was driven by higher earnings and amortization. Core working capital, defined as inventories, accounts receivables and accounts payable, improved modestly driven by receivables and payables. Inventories continued to remain at elevated levels, primarily due to raw material cost increases and safety stocks within the scent division. Expected inventories will begin to improve in the second half for the year.In the first half CapEx as a percentage of sales was approximately 4.6% driven by new plant and capacity investments, mainly in Greater Asia, as well as creative centers and integration related investments. For the full year we continue to believe that CapEx as a percentage of sales will be between 4.5% to 5%. Bringing all this together, we had a strong $78 million increase in free cash flow in the first half of 2019.A key component or overall TSR algorithm for our shareholders is a competitive and attractive dividend yield. We believe that the 2% threshold is an important one that broadens our potential shareholder base. Together and today we are pleased to announce we have authorized 30% increase in our quarterly dividend executing on our long-term strategy and our strong financial position and should be noted that this marks the 10th consecutive year of dividend increases.Considering our year-to-date performance as well as our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are adjusting our full year sales and adjusted EPS excluding amortization guidance. For the full year we now expect to deliver between 5.15 billion and 5.25 billion in sales in 2019 as we're approaching the low end of our original guidance of 5.2 billion to 5.3 billion. On a combined basis and excluding the impact of currency, growth is expected to be 3% to 5%.The forecast now reflects low versus mid single digit growth for Frutarom driven by three areas, F&F ingredients, savory solutions and trade and marketing. Within F&F ingredients, citrus source is the primary contributor of the decline as one of our large competitors has significantly reduced his purchases. We are shifting our focus of this business to mid versus high to drive value creation. In savory solutions, performance was impacted by first half weakness, as well as a modestly revised second half outlook related to reductions in volume. We also will de-prioritize trade and marketing based on our strategic category management approach.From a taste perspective, continued multinational volume erosion in Latin America and North America has lowered our expectation. It should be noted that we do not expect the second half to be strong in the first half. But taste performance in the third quarter will be challenged by a strong prior year comp. We now expect adjusted EPS excluding amortization to be 615 to 635 and I will go through the changes in a moment. On a combined basis and excluding the impact of currency, adjusted EPS excluding amortization is expected to be 6% to 9%.To provide additional detail related to the adjusted EPS ex amortization change, I would like to walk you through the drivers. Our original guidance was 630 to 650. In the second bar, I highlight the $0.10 impact related to the change in top line expectation, which is essentially $15 million in sales at low margins given the impacted businesses like trade and marketing, citrus source and PTI. Mitigating this is the incremental 5 million in integration savings that we announced earlier today. Combining the two, the net operational impact is a reduction of approximately $0.05 to our adjusted EPS excluding amortization.The larger impact on adjusted EPS excluding amortization is related to a change in the average effective tax rate on the amortization of intangible assets, as well as the small changes in redeemable non-controlling interest. The net impact of these combined is approximately $0.10. In the end, our revised guidance for adjusted EPS excluding amortization is now 615 to 635.With that, I would like to turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rich. In summary, we believe we have the framework to achieve our long-term ambitions with our 2021 strategy, which is focused on disciplined execution and integration. With that context, we have a long-term commitment to 12% total shareholder return which is expected to be driven by about 10% EPS growth and a 2% dividend yield. In the second quarter we achieved broad based improvement in sales, margin and cash flow. For the full year we believe we can deliver solid operational results. We're taking actions of strengthen to the overall growth profile of our business, as well as ensuring we capture synergies to generate strong margins and returns for our shareholders. Expressing our confidence in our long-term strategy and future prospects, we also raised our dividend, the 10th yearly consecutive increase.With that operator, we are now happy to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Mark Astrachan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Mark Astrachan: Thanks and good morning everybody.
Andreas Fibig: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Astrachan: I guess it's done on Frutarom not really sure where to begin, but maybe starting, how confident are you, there won't be further discoveries at Frutarom related to the alleged bribery negatively impacting sales in other geographies or any sort of things that you can find from an accounting standpoint or anything else. And do you know of or anticipate any US authority to investigate the goings on there at this point?
Andreas Fibig: Mark, thank you for the question, I'll take it. And given that we have done compliance disclosure here. I'll take a moment to reiterate what we have said in our former disclosure. During the integration of Frutarom, we were made aware of allegations that two Frutarom businesses operating principally in Russia and Ukraine made certain improper payments, including two representatives of a number of customers. So we promptly commenced investigations. We have a very robust program in place here in particular when we take over companies. So that's very clear and it's clear SOP on our side, we have notified relevant US regulatory authorities and relevant Israeli regulatory authorities. So I think that's good and done. We have not uncovered any evidence suggesting that payments had any connections to the US. Based to the information we have, we believe that these improper payments are no longer being made. The estimated affected sales represents less than 1% of combined pro-forma net sales for 2018.So we do not believe the impact from these methods is or will be material to our results of operations or financial conditions. I believe that's a super important point as well. We've taken or we'll take appropriate remedial actions with respect to the matters I have described. And I want to assure you that we have committed to the highest standards of ethics and compliance and have strict compliance policies in place. Although, investigation are continuing, based on the results to date and other compliance related integration activities. We are not currently where similar instances of this conduct in any other geographies. So I would say all in all, we stick to what we have said in our disclosure, we feel very comfortable that we have a good handle on it. And I'm actually very proud about the program we are running here and how all the teams are working together to get these things done in the appropriate manner.
Mark Astrachan: Okay, staying with Frutarom, I guess your organic sales decline was much worse than was expected, I think including your own expectations. So what gives confidence that can get back to growth in the second half of the year apps and easier comparisons and what is a reasonable long-term growth rate for the business going forward? And I just wanted to follow up on the first question, just so how confident are you that there's not going to be another stone unturned that that finds something else that you're not anticipating at this point? I mean, how thorough has the investigation been by the board and the committees?
Andreas Fibig: Yeah, sure. I think Mark that's a fair question. Principally, despite that investigation, nothing has changed since our Investor Day because we feel very good about our strategy. We see also that the portfolio of the acquisition is helping us in terms of getting exposure to some of the higher growth areas like the health ingredients or natural food protection, which is even shown in the second quarter or the inclusion business as well. So portfolio wise, we are very happy. What we do certainly is that we prioritize our portfolio as we said, we are trying to maximize returns and we are de-emphasizing the marketing and trade business for example, because there's not a lot of profitability in and that obviously shows. We are very, let's say clear and happy about the customer portfolio. We haven't lost too many customers here and I think still, we believe that some of the small and midsized customers have good growth rates and that will help us with the business. The portfolio is proving to towards naturals and that's a trend which is not changing through that event.Talking about the integration, I believe what is important to see here is that in general, despite the compliance topic we just talked about, we are very happy with what is happening during the integration because you see it on the cost synergies, everything in terms of integration whether it's North America, Latin America, Asia or Europe is working as planned. We see that we get more cost synergies and Rich just mentioned that in his presentation, all of them we saw then that's predominantly driven by procurement, which is good news because first of all, it has no impact on our employees and no impact on our customers as well. So that's an important one. On the sales side, certainly, the second quarter was softer than I would like to have it. But we will see that this will turn around in the second half as we've said during the Investor Day as well. And we believe a mid single digit growth rate for the business is very doable. In particular, if we emphasize the strong parts and the high growth parts of portfolio.Having said this, we have now a real good team in place for the cross selling synergies. You will hear more about this over the next couple of calls. We haven't seen too much of a result, it's Rich just mentioned the 8 million, but there's certainly more to come and actually very exciting opportunities for us to cross sell the portfolios to the different customer groups on both sides of the business. Having said this, I would like to mention as well that we have seen now a nice turnaround on the scent business side that has not too much to do with Frutarom, just a smaller part of it. But we see that we're turning around despite the crisis we had with raw materials in the last year, Nicholas's business is going in the right direction, growth wise as well. So we're very optimistic on this front as well. And you know that was a bit of a trigger in the last year as well. And the turnaround is pretty strong year. So that's how I would guess like characterize where we stand in terms of the Frutarom business, but making a remark on the total portfolio as well.
Richard O'Leary: Andreas, may be just – Mark a couple of quick comments on my part. I mean, I reiterate what Andreas said, I think we feel strongly in the ability of the Frutarom business to grow mid single digits, mid to long term, I think we're still going to some of the challenges that we've seen for the last three quarters like citrus source and trade and marketing and the savory business are not going to correct overnight. I think we would expect to see low single digit growth for Frutarom ex M&A in the second half of this year. But we're not going to get – I think it doesn't change our long-term perspectives, in terms of the potential of the business.
Andreas Fibig: What we see and I might add this, but it's more mid to long-term markets, on the R&D technologies, we have very optimistic what that can deliver for us going forward, but that takes bit of more time to realize.
Mark Astrachan: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mike Sison with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Mike Sison: Hey guys. I guess the two –
Andreas Fibig: Mike, good morning.
Mike Sison: Good morning, two quick ones, I think in the – your compliance commentary mentioned that there were some senior management that Frutarom involved are they still around? How have you sort of changed that dynamic culturally and then as a quick follow up, what are you looking for, for Frutarom in the second half of the year in terms of either constant currency growth, it was down 4% you mentioned in 2Q and maybe just kind of thoughts on profitability. I think you said operating margins ex amortization was still pretty healthy, do you expect it to stay at that levels in the second half of the year? Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: Okay. Let me let me take the compliance piece first. We have taken very remedial actions on the involved people. The good thing is it is very contained to geographically, so that that makes it makes it easier for us to act on that. Culturally, we have started with actually day one and all of our town hall meetings in the new company, as we usually do when we take over companies that we educate people on the compliance codes, on the code of conduct. Everybody is going through the sort of training whether it's a live training or training via their computers. So we feel good about this. And this is coming actually nicely together. This is an unfortunate event, but as I said, it's geographically very limited. And then I hand over to Rich on the margin question.
Richard O'Leary: Yeah, so my two things, one on your question on the second half, I just want to clarify the answer I gave the Mark. Frutarom, second half of the year, I think it's low single digits on a two year average basis. Given the week Q3 last year for Frutarom, it will be a stronger Q3 versus Q4. In terms of in terms of margins, I think we had a very strong quarter, Q2 despite the challenges from the top-line standpoint. You heard the comments I made regarding the very strong quarter and margin performance for scent. I think some of that, as I said in my comments were timing and so I don't expect that. I think this Q3 and Q4 will be a bit more pressure on the scent side in terms of margins with input costs remaining elevated, the teams have done a very good job in terms of mitigating that, in fact, they did the price realization, but there is timing in terms of inventory when the raw materials flow through the P&L. And then when you get to Q4 obviously, there's a bit of seasonality where our margin profiles in Q4 are generally the weakest of the full year. So I would expect the second half to be modestly below where we were in the first half of this year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Andreas Fibig: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: So first just on the compliance question, can you detail how long were the alleged payments actually happening? And specifically, you've cited in the last couple quarters of some sales declines in the savory business and through in Eastern Europe. Is there any nexus or common customer overlap between those, just want to be clear on that point? And then secondly, on the taste business, maybe just a little bit more color on the volume declines that you're seeing in the Americas in the second quarter and the first half of the year, they seem to be a bit darker than what we would see from the food and beverage companies. So just a little bit more color, perhaps by category or kind of where you're seeing the greatest pressure is? Thank you.
Richard O'Leary: So let me start with the last one in terms of the volume side of it. As I've said in the comments, and I think Andreas said also, I mean, what we're seeing on the taste side is significant volume erosion on the existing business. Again, if you look at our fundamentals, we don't believe we're losing share, when you look it up on the pricing, adjusted volume growth or total top line growth in on a two year basis for the first half of the year, we're very much in line with competition, so we have confidence that we're not losing share. We are seeing significant volume erosion on existing business. Our win rates remain good for both businesses, pretty much at five year averages, so we're not seeing any erosion in the business. We've talked about in the past that we see significant upside going forward on the scent business in terms of access to new business.So we believe is very much a volume erosion piece where Q2 was much worse than what we saw in Q1. It's one of those things that I've seen. These trends occur over time and it's hard to predict when those things sort of return to the norm. And it can vary from their underlying product mix and the categories where we operate with a particular customer, their supply chain, so it's hard to predict, but I don't see this as being a long-term trend. As I said in my comments related to the Frutarom piece, it was primarily an issue in Europe. Again, it was quite strong with mid to low single digit growth in the EAME taste business for Frutarom through the end of May and then it was a very disappointing and challenging June which drove the declines that was a bit unexpected from where we felt we were going to be. From a compliance standpoint, based on what we've seen through the investigation, they may have been occurring for a few years. But we there's never been indication that there are material amount in any particular year.
Andreas Fibig: Maybe I add to the first point Rich made, if I look at our taste business, we had, in particular in '18, very, very strong growth in the first and the second quarter, 6% each. So it's strong comparables. And we can say that in the third quarter, we have had to slightly better start into the third quarter, for the taste and for the Frutarom. I think that's important.
Richard O'Leary: And yeah, last question, which I forgot Adam was, in terms of customer overlap it's pretty negligible customer overlap, particularly in this business.
Operator: Our next question will come from Heidi Vesterinen with Exane BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Heidi Vesterinen: Hi, good afternoon. So if we step back and think about your performance over the past year, we've seen that you've tended to underperform on your top-line targets and once again this year despite help from a 53rd [indiscernible] and strong pricing in response to exceptional inflation, you're still below targets in terms of organic growth. So can you help us understand what you're doing internally both on the legacy IFF side and the Frutarom side to get back on track? You think maybe some more radical changes might be needed, may it be in terms of investment or personnel or so on to ensure that you can get back to your long-term targets? Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: So Heidi, that's a good – it's a good point, because I would say all the other parameters and KPIs are going actually pretty well. And we focus a lot on the top-line growth and for me or actually for us as a management team, the recipe is very, very clear. What we need is we have to focus our activities on the most driving parts of the portfolio where we have now a much better portfolio than we had before. So we have a couple of let's say areas, which might be small at the moment, but still from the market perspective, really nice growth for us, like the inclusions, like the health ingredients or natural foods or even the active cosmetic. So we believe that's the first one. The second thing is, where we have to look in is, our customer structure. And here we have to drive through and particularly on the taste side, with some of the smaller and midsized customers. Here certainly the acquisition helps a lot. We take the blueprint we have from our Tastepoint. We will drive it through. We have now integrated the Frutarom taste business into Tastepoint already in the US.And actually in that regard, if I can give the detail, we have a double digit growth on this side. It's a very nice growth of the business, so we like that a lot. The next thing is on the scent side, because I don't want to shortchange us too much, but we have no access to more our co-lists, our most important customers. And I know that there are a lot of activities are ongoing. And you know, these are all big customers it takes let's say nine to 12 to 15 months to really capitalize on it. But we see strong interest, we see strong first let's say wins on our side. And that will help us to let's say accelerate the top-line side on the scent business as well. On top of it and that's what's in the works and we will report on this is the cross selling aspect. We have now moved the leader of our bigger key accounts from the taste business into the role of being the head of cross selling and total solutions business. He is building a small, but very, let's say powerful and nimble organization to facilitate the cross selling between the two organizations. And we believe that can deliver very nicely on our top-line growth. So if I add this all together, I think we can come back to the good growth rate we have outlined the 5% to 7%. We believe it's very, very doable. And the first, let's say – initial, let's say, signs we see are going in the right direction.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Roberts with UBS. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: Hi, guys. I just wanted to put some numbers to what's going on in the taste with the 3x erosion, so is it like, normally you see 10% to 15% of product discontinued in any given year by taste customers. And normally they replace that, but now you're seeing something like 30% to 45% kind of discontinued older products and even though you're having the new wins, they're not launching the new products at an offsetting rate here, is that the dynamic that we're talking about?
Richard O'Leary: John, put it in perspective, I mean, on a five year trend volume on existing businesses slightly negative, so call it low single digits and is down 1%. For the last – and now at the current rates particularly in Q2, we're in a mid single digit range. So that's by far the single biggest driver. I mean, as I said earlier, our win rates are in line with long-term five year trends. Pricing is slightly positive a little bit below the five year average, but part of that's been driven by what we've seen over the last three years with vanilla. So I would not say it – fundamentally, it's all the volume erosion on existing business. Some of it may be driven by shorter cycle times, but that's the fundamental driver in terms of the biggest change in the last two quarters.
Operator: Our next question will come from Alexandra Thrum with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Alexandra Thrum: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just a quick one on margins, in both the scent and taste division you've sort of explained what's happening in the top-line dynamics, but when I look at taste, could you break up how much that margin decline is driven by volume versus – also the pricing versus growth. And then on the flip side is margin development has expanded quite decently. I expect because the managed the pricing in scent, but could you please break down that margin expansion both between pricing versus growth and volume?
Richard O'Leary: Sure, Alexandra. I mean, in terms of taste, I mean, the pricing impact was pretty negligible. And the biggest driver for taste is on the input costs in terms of it's more of a mix issue. I mean, I think our overall view in terms of mix of consumption as opposed to mix a product, I think that's a smaller impact from a mix standpoint. But as similar to what we've seen on the taste side as we consume individual lots or product by product, we can have some fluctuation there. So the biggest driver into the margin pressures in taste is, one, the input costs and two, is the lower volumes hurting us from an absorption standpoint. From a taste standpoint, you heard in the comments that pricing is a bigger driver from a taste standpoint, certainly on the scent standpoint, certainly on the ingredient side, but also in the compounds.As I said earlier in my comments and teams have done a very good job of aggressively pursuing price realization to offset that. And I said earlier, we had – why we call it a unique situation in Q2, where we had mix of consumption of raw materials, which drove a favorable margin progression in Q2, which I don't expect to repeat in the second half of the this year for scent. So that's why I said earlier, I would expect margin profiles in scent to come down from where they were in Q2, given the mix of raw materials. We still are seeing elevated prices from scent. They're at near all time highs. I think we've seen that the rate of increase has slowed. So I think that's starting to be a positive trend, but we don't expect to see any relief in the near term from a input cost standpoint.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks. Thanks very much. Can you talk about the change in global expenses from the first quarter to the second? I think you went from about 19 million to 13 million. And then to go back to 13 million sequential decrease in cost of goods sold. I would think maybe 3 million is from volume and maybe there's 2 million or 3 million from Frutarom. But I take it there are some hedging gains in there. And can you describe what went on from a raw material standpoint a little bit more precisely, if you don't mind?
Richard O'Leary: Sure, Jeff. So from a corporate expensive standpoint, the single biggest driver is the cash flow hedging as you said, it's about a $5 million impact. And so that's the biggest driver as you said, it also impacts COGS. I think, clearly the volume impact is further reasoned in terms of $15 million impact. I think the other thing that keep in mind, as I said earlier, we did have I'm going to call it a mix impact in terms of scent, in terms of the raw material consumption, as it flowed through from finished goods and raw materials into COGS. So there's a timing impact there. I think those are the biggest drivers. In terms of the sequential performance, from an overall perspective we still expect to see mid single digit inflation from a raw material standpoint for the full year. But that's in line with what we've seen our expectations from the beginning of the year. And as I said just a moment ago, I think starting to see some slow down in terms of the rate of the increase, but we're still at very elevated levels.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brett Hundley with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Brett Hundley: Hey, thank you. Good morning, guys. Rich, I just have one detailish type question for you. So if I go to the change in EPS guide for the year. I wanted to focus in on the change in non-controlling interest piece and just ask you whether is that related to like the carrying value of those fruit subs dropping below the redemption value? Is it due to a changeover to consolidated status away from non-consolidated status because I will admit your other income line in Q2 was less of a benefit than I thought it would be relative to Q1. So sorry for the detailish type question, but just wanted to understand that better.
Richard O'Leary: No, look, I mean, I think – so you added that $0.10 – I'd say probably $0.06 to $0.07 of that is the change in the average effective tax rate on the amortization, so that one's clear. On the non-controlling interest, it's really a mark-to-market adjustment that we have to monitor and adjust each quarter based on the results and the outlook for the individual entities in which the minority interest had – there is a redeemable component of the minority interest. So it's based on the underlying performance and the projection is for those businesses and so there's been a slight change between where we were at the beginning of the year and based on latest projections.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. So I'll turn it back to Andreas for closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah, thank you very much for participating. I think it was an important call with a couple of really important messages we wanted to make and we are now basically happy to take all the one on ones we want to do and give you more explanation around some of outcome of the businesses. So thank you very much and talk to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Yesterday evening, we announced our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to our outlook for the second quarter and full year 2019. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on February 26, 2019, and our press release that we filed yesterday. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release. For purpose of this presentation, we calculated combined numbers by combining our results of -- with the results of Frutarom prior to the acquisition on October 4, 2018, and adjusting for divestitures of Frutarom businesses since October 4, 2018. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rich O'Leary. We'll start with prepared remarks, and then take any questions that you may have. With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike. On the call today, I will give an overview of our operational performance for the first quarter of 2019. After that, I will go through our integration progress and priorities as we see them today. Once finished, I will ask Rick to give a more in-depth financial review of our business performance, and then I will provide an update on our outlook for the balance of the year and take any questions that you may have. I'm pleased to report that our first quarter performance was in line with our expectations as we achieved double-digit sales and adjusted operating profit growth, including benefits related to the acquisition of Frutarom. In the quarter, we delivered a record-setting quarterly sales of approximately $1.3 billion, a 39% increase over last year. On a comparable basis and excluding the impact of divestitures, currency-neutral growth was achieved in all 3 segments led by scent at 4%, Frutarom at 3% and Taste at 2% or 3% overall growth. We also maintained strong profitability levels as productivity initiatives, cost synergies and price realization offset higher year-over-year raw material cost. This combined with the addition of Frutarom led to a very strong 13% increase over the prior year period. Earnings per share, excluding amortization, came in at $1.57 as adjusted operating profit growth was more than offset by higher interest expense and shares outstanding, both related to the Frutarom acquisition. In the first quarter, we continued to strengthen our portfolio via acquisitions and collaboration that expand our innovation platforms and product offerings beyond traditional flavors and fragrances. In January, we completed the acquisition of 60% of the share capital of Mighty, a leading Savory Solutions provider in Thailand. Mighty develops, produces and markets reaction flavors, with particular expertise in Savory Solutions. The company's portfolio includes flavors, seasoning blends, marinades and specialty function raw materials for the food and beverage industry. We also established an industry-exclusive collaboration with Aryballe, a pioneer in digital olfaction technology based in France. To refine and further develop the flavor and fragrance capabilities in applications of Aryballe's technology in portable, universal odor detection sensors. Together, we were focused on the development of odor sensing and quality control application with a goal of creating a platform for applications in the food, fragrance, cosmetic and other industries. In February, we announced that we expanded and strengthened our delivery capabilities for scent, taste and active ingredients so the acquisition of The Additive Advantage, a company that develops novel technologies with diverse capabilities that span many application and industries. TAA has the expertise to develop the next-generation 3D delivery systems, technology platforms that will enable the printing of flavors, fragrances, cosmetic and health and nutrition actives onto a variety of consumer products. We're excited about this technology as it builds upon our market leadership position and capabilities and delivery technology. And lastly, in March, we announced that we completed the acquisition of 70% stake in Leagel, a producer of ice cream and gelato ingredients in Europe, a family-owned company based in San Marino, Italy, which specializes in artisanal taste, texture and toppings sold directly to ice cream and gelato shops. We see great opportunities to combine Leagel with SDFLC, our existing Brazilian ice cream and dessert business to create a global platform for gelato ingredients, expand our geographic reach and leverage cross-selling opportunities. All four provide opportunities for us to develop stronger innovation and differentiate ourselves where there is competition. In terms of integration, I'm pleased to say that we are executing very well against our priorities. We've made strong advancements year-to-date on our year 1 cost synergy target of approximately $30 million to $35 million. In the first quarter, we achieved approximately 15%, and we expect savings benefit will accelerate throughout the year. Based on where we are today, we are confident that we can achieve our $30 million to $35 million cost-savings goal as our current run rate savings are already in excess of this target. We also outlined our cross-selling priorities and execution plan to provide a foundation for cross-fertilization opportunities across the organization. While we will discuss and disclose more details at our upcoming Investor Day, I'm happy to report that we already have achieved approximately $7 million of annualized new businesses from the quick wins. For those businesses, where we have aligned to our go-to-market approach as IFF, North America Taste and IBR growth was very strong increasing double digit. In the U.S., Frutarom's North American Taste business has successfully been merged into Tastepoint, our go-to-market approach to service small and mid-sized customers. The alignment of Frutarom's cosmetic active ingredients business with our Lucas Meyer Cosmetics is now complete, and we're seeing strong benefit with sales up double digits in quarter 1 2019. We have all created a global Savory Solutions organization under one leader to share best practices globally and collaborate with our taste division to ensure we continue to capture market share in this growing segment. I will let Rich discuss the financials in greater detail, including debt repayment and cash flow in a moment. Going deeper into our cost synergies, we continue to optimize our global footprint and have closed our Manningtree site in the U.K. In addition, our operations team is actively completing the necessary steps for further network consolidation, and we expect additional sites to be closed throughout the year, all in line with our plan. In regard to procurement savings, we have renegotiated a significant portion of our spend for leverage savings and are adjusting our saving strategy to benefit from significant make versus buy opportunities. With these in mind, we confidently believe that we are on track to achieve our full year target of approximately $30 million to $35 million, and again our current run rate savings are well in excess of our plan. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Rich to take you in the details for financial performance.
Richard O'Leary: Thank you, Andreas. In the Scent business, first quarter currency-neutral sales grew 4% versus a strong 8% year ago comparison with growth in nearly all regions and categories. Performance was strongest in Fine Fragrances, increasing double digits, led by strong new wins. Consumer Fragrances grew mid-single digits with double-digit growth in Home Care and mid-single digit growth in Fabric Care. Fragrance Ingredients was down year-over-year as price increases related to continued high raw material costs were more than offset by volume declines. Scent currency-neutral segment profit decreased approximately 3% at the benefits from cost and productivity initiatives were more than offset by unfavorable year-over-year price to input costs, which reflects the unprecedented raw material inflation we have been facing since late 2017. Scent pricing was approximately 3.5% in Q1, however not enough to recover the full cost increase. As communicated previously, we will work to continue -- we will continue to work with our customers on actions to mitigate these increases and are confident in our ability to fully recover the dollar impact. In terms of segment profit margin, year-over-year performance was down, however our margin profit remained strong at 17.6%. Turning to the Taste business. In the first quarter 2019, currency-neutral sales grew 2% with growth in 3 or 4 regions. Performance in the quarter was driven by mid-single digit growth in Greater Asia, where India and Indonesia grew double digits and in EAME, led by strong growth in Africa, Middle East and Western Europe. In North America, year-over-year improvements continued to be led by Tastepoint. In Latin America, year-over-year declines were primarily due to weak demand from multinational customers and market conditions in Argentina and Mexico. Taste currency-neutral segment profit decreased approximately 1% as volume growth and the benefits from productivity initiatives were more than offset by unfavorable price to raw material costs and weaker mix. For Frutarom, in the first quarter, sales totaled approximately $364 million. On a stand-alone basis, Frutarom sales grew 3% against the strong year ago comparison, excluding the contribution of acquisitions and divested businesses. Sales were driven by strong growth in Taste, led by double-digit growth in North America and solid increases in Savory Solutions despite challenges in certain segments. F&F Ingredients was pressured as a result of order patterns in their CitraSource business and raw material driven price decreases in the natural colors. In terms of segment profit, Frutarom delivered $29 million and $69 million, excluding amortization. The margin profile for Frutarom in the first quarter continues to be strong at 18.7%, if you exclude amortization driven by disciplined cost management. Given the several moving parts, we wanted to give you an overview of year-over-year combined company results. In this chart, you can see from the first and second bars, $930 million from IFF and $402 million of Frutarom would represent a combined $1.33 billion top line for the company in the first quarter of 2018. In the third bar, we had approximately $23 million of divestitures related to non-core Frutarom businesses in Central Europe and the U.S., resulting in a combined first quarter 2019 sales of $1.31 billion. Of the $23 million of divestitures that we outlined, most of it was driven by the accrual business that was previously announced as a divestiture as part of the Enzymotec acquisition last year. In the fifth bar, we estimated approximately $51 million of currency headwind to bring us to a currency-neutral combined first quarter 2018 sales base of $1.26 billion. Bridging to our $1.3 billion that we reported in Q1 2019, we achieved 3% sales growth on a combined currency-neutral basis. Moving on to adjusted operating profit. If you combine the first and second bars, combined adjusted operating profit of the company would have been $237 million for the first quarter 2018. We had approximately $2 million in divestitures related to the non-core Frutarom business, I just discussed. Next is approximately $30 million related to step up amortization, following the Frutarom acquisition. This represents a combined Q1 2018 adjusted combined operating profit of $205 million. From the year we estimated approximately $7 million headwind due to currency, brings us to a currency-neutral combined first quarter of $198 million. And finally, our $205 million in operating profit for Q1 '19 resulted in approximately 3% growth on a combined company basis. And finally, in terms of adjusted EPS amortization, combining the first and second bars of $1.78 for IFF and $0.70 from Frutarom, it would have been represented -- it would have represented $2.48. On the next bar, you can see the debt issuance last year had a $0.24 impact. The share count dilution from the equity issuance going from approximately 80 million shares outstanding in the first quarter of '18 to approximately 113 million shares outstanding now creates a $0.67 per share dilution impact on a combined company basis. This drives $1.57 adjusted EPS for the combined first quarter of 2018. We then estimate approximately $0.14 of currency headwind on EPS to bridge you to a currency-neutral combined first quarter ex-amortization of $1.43. We then bridge to $1.57 that we reported in Q1 '19. We achieved approximately 10% growth on a combined company basis. Before moving onto cash flow, I'd like to take a moment to provide you greater insight with respect to our organic top line performance relative to our peers. As a reminder, for a variety of reasons, many of our sales transaction in emerging markets occur either in U.S. dollars or other hard currencies for our impacts to the hard currencies when we have to invoice in local market currencies. When reporting our currency-neutral sales growth, we exclude foreign exchange-related price changes in emerging markets. We believe this is much more accurate representation of underlying performance, but it is different from our peers. We believe our reporting standard provides investors with a true assessment of underlying currency-neutral growth, especially when there are large emerging market devaluations relative to the U.S. dollar or euro. However, it's important to help put our performance in perspective relative to the competition. For the first quarter of 2019, adjusted -- adjusting our currency-neutral sales growth calculation to a basis which we believe is comparable to have our competition reports, our consolidated organic currency-neutral sales would have been 3 percentage points higher or approximately 6%. As you can see, the largest variances come from countries with significant currency devaluations versus hard currencies. In the first quarter, on a consolidated basis 4 countries, Argentina, Brazil, Turkey and Indonesia represented approximately 95% of the difference in the way we report and how our competition reports. We feel this is important to highlight the difference in reporting in assessing industry performance, given the potential significant impacts that currency movements can have on top line growth rates. Turning to operating cash flows. Our cash flow for the quarter increased $58 million to $47 million in 2019 compared to negative $11 million in the first quarter of 2018. The year-over-year increase is driven by higher earnings, excluding the impact of depreciation and amortization and improved working capital performance. Core working capital improved driven by continued progress in accounts payable and more favorable inventory trends. From a capital allocation standpoint, we spent approximately $58 million in CapEx or about 4.4% of sales led by a new plant and capacity investments, mainly in Greater Asia, which we have disclosed in the past. Regarding cash returned to shareholders, we paid approximately $78 million or about 42% of our adjusted net income in dividend payout. As a reminder, as part of the Frutarom combination, we paused our share repurchase program as we prioritize debt repayments going forward. In the first quarter of 2019, our debt repayment was approximately $36 million. We remain committed to reaching our 3x leverage ratio by the end of 2020, down from approximately 3.6x at the end of 2018. With that, let me turn it back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rich. As we look at the balance of the year, we reconfirm our full year financial guidance. We expect our sales growth to accelerate in the second half, give more favorable year-ago comparisons. In terms of profitability, we also anticipate that adjusted operating profit will improve, driven by higher integration savings, continued cost control and productivity savings and more favorable year-over-year price raw material cost trends. For the full year, we expect to deliver between $5.2 billion and $5.3 billion in sales in 2019, which represents 5% to 7% combined company growth, including M&A. We also expect to deliver between $6.30 and $6.50 in adjusted EPS, excluding amortization or 8% to 11% combined company growth. In summary, we're pleased with our performance for the first quarter as we delivered strong double-digit sales and adjusted operating profit growth. We achieved solid growth across all 3 divisions, all while maintaining strong profitability levels. We continue to make strong progress in the company's transformation following the Frutarom acquisition as we combine two strong organizations. We're executing well against our integration road map. For those businesses where we have aligned our go-to-market approaches IFF, growth is very strong. We also continue to make great progress in terms of cost synergies, and I'm very confident that we will achieve our $30 million to $35 million cost-savings goal in 2019. Given this, total expected improvement in the second half of 2019 that we confirmed our financial guidance for 2019. Before I open the call up to questions, I would like to take a moment to invite everyone to our Investor Day on June 5 here in New York City. We're excited to provide an update on our long-term strategy, give you deeper insights into our integration efforts and provide each of you with an opportunity to experience the best innovation of our organization. Registration links have been sent out, but if you need it again or have any questions, please feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations Department. With that, I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Astrachan: I wanted to ask about expectations for Frutarom sales growth going forward, given some of the positives and negatives, which you outlined in the earnings release this morning. So I guess, specifically, do you anticipate your annual sales growth to improve as comparisons get easier over the balance of the year, including in 2Q? And what is the current outlook for the expectations for that business, please?
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you, Mark, for the question. Yes, first of all, the first quarter was in line with our expectations. We have seen some weakness in parts of our Russian business and the F&F business, in particular with CitraSource and that's it, material price decreases with natural colors. We don't believe that this will change in the short term, but we're working on it to make it grow significantly in the future. So we expect actually a higher growth rate in the second half of the year, and that's what we project. What we have seen so far is that, in particular Taste business has very good growth with the small and mid-size customers. And the businesses we have integrated in our, let's say, Tastepoint organization or Tastepoint like organization whether it's in the U.S. or in Latin America that they are growing quite nicely. So which is good and it reinforces, let's say, our strategy to have a much more balanced customer portfolio not just with the big CPG, but with some of the smaller and mid-size companies here as well, which probably is very helpful going forward in the mid and long erm.
Mark Astrachan: Okay. So mid-single digits would still be the expectations for the business?
Andreas Fibig: Yes.
Mark Astrachan: And then also, Rich, what was the impact from the switch from like-for-like to organic for that business?
Richard O'Leary: For the first quarter, it's really -- it's in the material. I mean, we had some divestitures going out and then the two deals were small. So it was clearly immaterial for Q1.
Mark Astrachan: And then expectations for the year, does that change anything in the calculus either?
Richard O'Leary: No, because I mean, we had -- these were in the pipeline, so it was part of the overall guidance of 5% to 7%. So I don't think that's changed materially in terms of the components, in terms of what gets us to the full year guidance. So I think we're on track to where we thought we're going to be from an M&A standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: My first question was on Latin America. So actually, I mean, Rich, it was helpful when you pointed out the FX piece of it, but that was a total company number. So I was just curious, it does still seem like Latin America decelerated pretty significantly. Is that -- can you just talk a little bit what might be going from a market share standpoint in the release you specifically called out multinational customers? So we're just curious a little bit more about Latin America.
Richard O'Leary: Yes. Look, I think that there's two -- there's couple of things. One, overall and also in Latin America specifically, growth with multinationals was basically flat, whereas the rest of the Taste business was growing high single digits or higher. So I think that's certainly big piece of it. Then we're also seeing particularly in Argentina, the effects from a macro standpoint in terms of the devaluation and what it's having in terms of consumer disposable incomes and purchase underlying demand. I think we -- the third thing that we talked about in the release was in Mexico, there has been some market changes from a legislation standpoint, that's also we're seeing some pressure from a market standpoint in terms of the consumer behaviors. Other than that, I think, there is some small -- there is some business that, I think, we did -- we lost, but it was more it was things -- business that we didn't have before, but I don't see many major shifts in market shares in LatAm. I think it's mostly the macro stuff and then just our mix of customers versus the competition.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Actually, it's a good point on the large CPGs. We don't see too much volume growth, particularly on existing business. It's not that strong. It's a bit contrary for what we heard during the CAGNY conference. So I guess, it will take a bit of time until it turns to good growth again, but we will see in the months to come.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Great. And then also I just read about the 10-Q last night, and there was a comment around that for the next several quarters lower margin and then increases in selling and admin expenses. So it sounds like then the right way to think about it might be that even with the second half sort of acceleration that you're talking about that we still have EBIT margins down probably for another, call it, two quarters and a lot of the improvement is really fourth quarter weighted. Is that fair?
Richard O'Leary: I think certainly -- yes, I think that certainly second half is going to be better. I think, as we get through -- as we start -- continue to get the traction on the price increases and the price realization, which the teams have done a really good job in the scent business so far, but that's going to continue to build. That obviously has a dilutive impact. I mean, Q3, again I think we've talked about along was going to be one of the strongest quarters. Q4 sequentially is always down versus Q3, but we should -- we still expect to see year-over-year improvements in Q4.
Lauren Lieberman: Got it. So Q3 you expect EBIT margins to be up or just sequentially improving?
Richard O'Leary: Yes.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Up.
Richard O'Leary: Up.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Okay. So the comment in the Q is really more focused on 2Q because it does say for several quarters and that's why I was trying to adjust...
Andreas Fibig: Yes.
Richard O'Leary: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas at JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: I have two questions. What is the total revenue divestitures from Frutarom on an annual basis? And in the quarter, did Frutarom prices rise? And if they did, by how much?
Andreas Fibig: Okay. So probably, I'd take the second one first. So there was no price increase on the Frutarom side. That's #1. And the total year, Rich...
Richard O'Leary: It's about $45 million, Jeff, in total.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts of UBS.
John Roberts: Thanks for the currency adjusted organic sales growth numbers. I was little surprised that Natural Colors was weak. I thought that was in the area of some early revenue synergies. Could you give us some more color on that, no pun intended?
Richard O'Leary: Yes. Look for me, the organic -- the volume -- actually, unit volumes are quite strong. They are quite good growth. What's happening is in one of the key raw materials the cost is coming down and similar to what we see in the other parts of the business like the vanilla, there is a pass-through component of it. So all of the decline in the color stuff is really driven by cost pass-through, and so it's impacting the top line growth. Really no significant change into our overall operating margins. So it's really -- I think we feel good about -- structurally about the health of the business and the growth opportunities. So it's more just a market dynamic around the pricing.
John Roberts: And then secondly, as you've been changing your portfolio, would you guess, how much of your sales are still via a formal brief process? And how much of your sales would be with no formal brief associated with it?
Richard O'Leary: I guess, for me the way I think about it, I mean, still the majority of the legacy IFF business is driven by the briefs. We still have -- there is a still piece of it, which is proactive us going to our customers within technologies. I was characterized the majority of the Frutarom business as being more of a push business, where we are contacting them on a daily, weekly basis saying here what you need, here is what we have available. So I think it's more big -- I think we have a big picture between legacy IFF is still the majority briefs driven and Frutarom is a slightly different model.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heidi Vesterinen of Exane.
Heidi Vesterinen: So we talked about how H2 will be a lot better than H1. Would you be able to talk about what you're seeing so far in Q2 by segment, please?
Andreas Fibig: Heidi, that's -- it's Andreas. Good afternoon. It's probably a bit early right now to talk about this and to different segments. The only I might say is that we still see good growth out of the scent business because of pricing, because we're going through our [indiscernible] but for the rest, I would say, it's still a bit too early to comment.
Richard O'Leary: Heidi, look, I think we're seeing, I would say, some similarities between what we saw in Q1, we had a slow start to the quarter. And I -- look, some of the things that we talked about with Savory business, the CitraSource business, we are making changes, we are addressing those issues, but they're not going to change overnight. So I think we're confident in the full year, but I would not expect the major dramatic change between Q2, Q1.
Heidi Vesterinen: And on the scent business, it seems like it's been a few quarters now where most of the growth is pricing and there is minimal volume growth. What has been driving that? And what is the outlook?
Richard O'Leary: Well, the pricing -- still the majority of it is pricing, but -- I mean, that's clearly the pass-through of the -- or the recapture of the input cost increases. I think we are seeing good win performance in the commercial performance in terms of new wins or near the 5-year average. So I think we've seen continue improvement, particularly in the last 2 quarters. Volume erosion was well above the historical average, more than double from what it was over a 5-year average. So I think that's again more some of that gets into the customer mix. We've seen similar trends that the growth rates in the small- and medium-sized customers are double digits and more challenged on the global. So I think the other thing we feel really good about long term is we talked about it last year, we've gotten access -- more access to new business with the core list expansions we got last year, and that's going to provide a tremendous amount of upside to us over the next 3 to 5 years.
Andreas Fibig: Which is actually, let me supplement on this. These three new core list access will give us access to $400 million additional business we didn't have before, and we see out of these three new customers that already two are very active in briefing and where we're getting business and actually early and faster than we had expected.
Richard O'Leary: I think the other thing, Heidi, just, I mean, to put in perspective, I mean, we're still seeing good growth -- really solid growth on volumes in the compounds business. And where we're really seeing declines are on the Ingredients business, partly between because we're prioritizing the internal consumption and partly because we're raising prices and there are certain customers out there that have more elasticity in their demand. One thing I want to just go back to your question earlier in terms of the performance during the course of the year, we'll see sequential improvement Q1, Q2, Q3 will still be down year-over-year in Q3, but it sequentially will improve through the first 3 quarters, just to clarify my earlier comment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gunther Zechmann of Bernstein.
Gunther Zechmann: Just on the scent division, you said already that the majority of the growth is driven by price. I would have thought that the mix in scent should be very favorable as well. Finally find Fragrance is growing very strongly, double-digit is that, but the margin is down so much. So can you just elaborate how much you're still losing to raw material cost inflation? And if there was any other factors in there -- in your cost?
Richard O'Leary: Sure. I mean, keep in mind, Gunther, I mean, we -- the teams have done a really good job, but we're not fully recovered in terms of the price realization. Year-over-year, Q1 input costs were up 10%. So that's still a significant headwind. You take that plus the cumulative effect of the price realization we had last year plus the first quarter as the dilutive effect on the overall margin. So I think we are on the right track. We're confident now we're going to be able to fully recover those costs during the course of the year and into early next year, but it does have a negative impact in terms of the margins.
Andreas Fibig: But in general, we're very happy with the performance of our Fine Fragrance business as you're aware we're saying we're up quite significantly and that certainly is because of the good win performance here.
Richard O'Leary: And that's helped to offset -- mitigate the impact of not being able to fully recover the input cost increases in Q1.
Gunther Zechmann: And on the raw material cost, just a follow-up, the 10% increase that you mentioned, is that just for scent? Or is that for the group? And also what's your outlook? How fast do you expect those costs to flatten or partly reverse like we've seen with Vanilla and a few Synthetic inputs over the course of the year?
Richard O'Leary: The 10% is just scent. And so I think again for the full year, I expect input cost percent to be up high single digits and 4% to 5% on a total company basis. So the full year guidance and expectations haven't changed. I would say, it's a little early to say when and if we would see some normalization right now for the year. We're not seeing anything significant.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Sison of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Michael Sison: Just curious on Frutarom's operating margin. We saw what it was in the first quarter. How do you think that improves throughout the year and maybe run rate exits the year? And then when you think about sort of that metric longer term, what do you think we should be for Frutarom in the 2021, 2022 time frame?
Richard O'Leary: Look, Mike, I think it's going to -- we expect it to improve, I think, similar to what we see in the IFF business Q2, Q3 will be stronger. Q4, I still would expect it to be better than Q1. So I think we're going to see improvement, obviously growing the return to our long-term expectations from a growth standpoint of being in the 5% to 6% range versus 3%. You get the fixed cost leverage there. So I think long-term, we still see significant upside in terms of profitability.
Andreas Fibig: And when the synergies role in, and that's the brunt of the synergies will come in next year and that will have a significant impact on margin, obviously.
Michael Sison: Right. Okay. And then so at what point do you think operating income will grow year-over-year? Will that start in 2Q? Or is that more of a second half phenomenon for Frutarom?
Richard O'Leary: I would expect we would see it in the second half. I mean, certainly, again Q3 should be the strongest quarter of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Just going back to the raw material question, Rich, and just want to be clear. So are you implying that you haven't seen the Synthetics come off yet? Or it's just because of the way the lags you have in terms of your procurement and your inventory that any decline really wouldn't be felt till the end of the year?
Richard O'Leary: I think it's both. I think that #1 we have the inventory impact, but we have not seen any significant movements in the pricing for the input cost yet. So that's -- it's both of those factors.
Adam Samuelson: And is that -- would you say -- I mean, are you surprised at that just given brent -- I mean, it's valid year-to-date, but off of the highs that you saw in the second half of last year and especially with better -- seems like some of your major suppliers haven't had some of the bigger disruptions again? Just are you surprised you haven't seen any of those pricing declines at all?
Richard O'Leary: Look, I think there's two things. One from an oil standpoint, remember we're the derivative impact were 4 or 5 steps down the chain. So the actual oil impact has much smaller influence on it versus the conversion cost. I think the second thing is a big piece of what we've seen over the last 15 months has been more driven around supply interruptions and that's really what we continue to see issuances. I mean, it started with the BASF stuff, but I think that is equally important as it is purely just a brent pricing impact.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then just separately, just in the Taste business, I mean, I know the organic growth this quarter was similar to where you were in 4Q, and this is the hardest comp, the comps are still tough. But were you -- from a demand perspective, just seems like Latin America got worse as you looked at Argentina and Mexico and some of the issues you called out there? Is there anything in any other regions that you would call out as noteworthy positively or negatively?
Richard O'Leary: No. I think the biggest thing to me is what I mentioned earlier is really is the lack of growth from a global standpoint, the multinational companies, as I said earlier, growth was essentially 0, flat for the Q1 as opposed to being high single digits up for the small and midsized customers. So that's what we're seeing. I think it was more acute in Latin America for some of the things that I mentioned, as you said for Argentina and Mexico.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Jester of Citi.
Daniel Jester: Just first on the synergies comments you made about hitting the run rate for the full year already. I'm just wondering what we saw 6-plus month left to go in the year, is there a reason why you're not lifting that synergy goal? And just maybe walk us through about how we should be thinking about the progression of that through the rest of the year?
Andreas Fibig: The thing is that we have the most improvement on the procurement savings and the run rates are really, really strong here, but it's also driven by our inventory and that's the reason why it takes some time that it falls through the P&L. So we have the better contract in place, but we still until it hits the P&L, we have to decrease our inventory and bring new material on. That's the reason. But for us, it's -- we're optimistic because it will have a very good impact on next year already because the team is doing an extraordinary job to make that happen. That's basically the main reason.
Richard O'Leary: Yes. I think it's the inventory impact is the primary driver at this point.
Daniel Jester: Okay. That's very helpful. And then on Taste margins, they have been down year-over-year for a couple of quarters, I think the raw material issue seems like it's a lot more of a scent related issue. So I'm just wondering if you can talk about margins in case and how you see those progressing?
Richard O'Leary: On the taste side, I think, Q1 was certainly impacted on from a mix standpoint, it was unfavorable. There was some price to input cost more timing related to, I would say, on the Vanilla side. Overall, I would expect this to see more or less in the same range. I mean, I think it's still quite healthy at the levels we're at. I mean, the margins are still quite healthy in the 24% range. So I think it's -- I don't see any major change in it. I mean, we're happy where they are. I mean, the business is performing quite well when you look at the underlying details.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brett Hundley of Seaport Global.
Brett Hundley: I just have two questions. My first one relates to raw materials. You guys sound pretty confident in being able to recover the inflation you've seen as you move into next year. I acknowledge this is a tough question, but just taking U.S. and China trade as a backdrop, citral, PG, a number of chemicals are on that tariff list. Can you just speak to that a little bit insofar as describing your confidence in being able to recover raw material price increases whatever they may be into next year? And then separately, my second question relates back to a comment that you made, Rich, in just talking about legacy IFF and the composition of your sales contracts or briefs rather than how they have dominated that commercial side of the business for a long time now. As MNCs revisit growth and innovation again just after years of cost cutting, I'm imagining that product technology and speed to market are going to become increasingly important just as they have been for the L&R customers out there for a while now. What does that mean for the briefing process and pricing in your view, if anything? Do you have any thoughts on that?
Richard O'Leary: Let me take the first one. I mean, I think from a -- keep in mind that our U.S. basis is quite small, it's less than 25% of the totals of our sales base. So when we look at rate in the current environment, when looking at the tariff discussions and what's in the current framework. It's not a material number, I mean, it's in the $10 million to $20 million range, potentially if they weren't fully implemented then we have alternatives on how to -- where we can source it. So I don't -- we don't see it as a significant headwind in terms of overall operating model. Let me just turn over to Andreas for the second.
Andreas Fibig: If I take the second part of the question on legacy sales and MNC performance, indeed what we see in our discussions is that the topics are now more growth related and growth should be simulated by innovation, which is great, because we have in IFF internally now an excellent pipeline in terms of new technologies. And as you have seen even in the first quarter, we've acquired a couple of technologies, which will help us to grow our business, which is good because I wholeheartedly believe that the competition and the differentiation works through technology, and that will help us to win more business. By the way some of these innovations or technologies we have or had in the pipeline helped us to win the 3 core list last year. So I'm very optimistic on this one going forward. Now the only thing we need the big MNCs getting their volumes up and that certainly will lift the tide here.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: I just have one follow-up, which may be a little bit more long-term and strategic. So as you're managing the Frutarom business, I was just curious like this continued pace of acquisition that you currently look is going to bear out, why are you going so quickly? I would just -- and just wondering if there wouldn't be benefit in slowing that down, getting your arms fully and completely around what it is that you now own. I don't know maybe it's the competitive -- that there is a competitive landscape for these small deals and you're worried if you don't do them you will miss your window, but I [indiscernible] a lot of benefit kind of slowing that piece down while you work through understanding the portfolio you've acquired. So can you just explain why that wouldn't be the case? Why keep going at this type of pace?
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Lauren, I think it's a very valid question and super important. Look, there are probably two parts of these small M&As. The one part is, let's say, strengthening the business in some of the adjacent parts of our business like the ingredients for gelato which we believe is a fantastic business, and we will demonstrate during our Investor Day. And we had already a piece of the business in Brazil and now we are having a nice platform to growth. So these small acquisitions in some of these adjacent business, you will see going forward. And they will impact the integration not so much because these are kind of stand-alone businesses who we are helping -- who will help us to grow us in terms of sales but profitability as well. The second piece and you saw it for the first quarter, actually 2 of these 4 smaller deals were technology deals, which were basically technology deals or investments in technology companies to help us to bring better innovation to our customers. One is the 3D printing, we have talked about this for quite some time, which will help us to win core list, but also win business and that's not an integration in the business sense, it's an integration in our R&D, and we believe it's the right thing to do. Aryballe on the other side brings us into the digital piece of faction and measurement. It's right now used in the first use cases in quality control. So you will see these kind of technology deals going forward, and they certainly are not a barrier or distraction for the integration of Frutarom. I hope that, that helps to put context around these deals.
Richard O'Leary: And for me, Lauren, I mean, we're certainly being -- in my mind, we're being more restrictive in terms of the hurdle rates and the thresholds that we have for pursuing deals in terms of returns, in terms of strategic importance. As Andreas said, 2 of the deals were very technology driven that are fundamental to the scent business or to our delivery system platforms, which are, we believe, key strategic advantages. The other two deals were really in the pipeline already is -- prior to the acquisition. So I think -- and there is close linkage to the Frutarom businesses already. So I think we are -- I would characterize it as being quite selective already.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Andreas for closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Thank you very much for the participation. I hope it helped to put context around the results, and we're looking forward to see you at the Investor Meeting in June. Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for participating. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-14 17:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Conference Call. Yesterday evening, we distributed press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to the outlook for the first quarter and full year 2019. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on February 27, 2018, and in our press release that we filed yesterday. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release. For the purpose of this presentation, please note that we've calculated combined numbers by combining our results with the results of Frutarom prior to the acquisition on October 4, 2018, and adjusting for divestitures of Frutarom businesses since October 4, 2018. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rich O'Leary. We'll start with prepared remarks, and then take any questions that you may have. With that, I'd now like to introduce Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike. On the call today, I will give an executive overview of our operational performance for 2018. Once finished, I will ask Rich to give a more in-depth financial review of the business before leading into our integration priorities for 2019 on the Frutarom acquisition. We will then provide an update on our financial expectation for 2019, and then as usual, take any questions that you may have. I'm very pleased to say that 2018 proved to be a historic year in the long and successful history of IFF. As we recently celebrated our 130th year birthday, we delivered on all of our key financial metrics and completed the acquisition of Frutarom, the largest deal in our industry to date, all while successfully navigating a challenging and dynamic market environment. We achieved strong advancements in both top and bottom line results in 2018 that were in line with our guidance range that we set forth. Highlights include our record-setting sales of approximately $4 billion, which was a 17% increase over last year. This performance was driven by mid-single-digit growth in both taste and scent as well as additional sales related to Frutarom. We also delivered strong adjusted earnings per share, excluding amortization of $6.28 as adjusted operating profit growth and a lower year-over-year effective tax rate more than offset higher interest expense and shares outstanding, both related to the Frutarom acquisition. Throughout 2018, we had many strategic accomplishments that drove significant value creation. To highlight just a few. With the acquisition of Frutarom, we established ourselves as a global leader in taste, scent and nutrition. This combination helps us create a truly differentiated portfolio with an increased focus on naturals and health and wellness. It also provides us opportunities to expand into attractive and faster-growing categories and broadens our complementary and growing customer base. We believe this plus strong sales and cost synergies will translate into accelerated financial performance as a combined company. Beyond the transaction, we continued to strengthen our innovation platforms by successfully commercializing three new natural taste modulators, two new fragrance molecules, 41 new natural fragrance ingredients and fragrance body care capsules as critical to driving future growth. Through the execution of our Vision 2020 strategy, we were truly the partner of choice as we expanded our core list access with key global scent customers. This expanded access will help fortify our market-leading position and offer significant future growth opportunities as we now can compete on incremental business opportunities. We also leveraged our exposure to faster-growing small and mid-sized customers to drive results as Tastepoint in North America taste continued its strong performance by growing double digits. Productivity continues to be paramount to our way forward as cost and productivity initiatives once again contributed approximately 5 percentage points of adjusted currency neutral, adjusted operating profit and currency neutral adjusted EPS growth in 2018. And in terms of sustainability, IFF continued its global sustainability leadership as we exceeded already 3 out of 4 of our 2020 eco-efficiency targets. We also established our 2025 goals, which focuses on emission reductions, geo waste to landfill and water stewardship. I'm pleased that we continue to be acknowledged externally for our sustainability efforts. In 2018, we were named to Barron's 100 Most Sustainable Companies, an honor we received again in 2019; and we were named to the Euronext Vigeo World 120 Index, both recognizing companies for exceptional environmental, social and governance performance. More recently, in January 2019, we were once again included on CDP's A list for climate change, our fourth consecutive year. And we received an A for water security for the first time, naming IFF as a global leader in our environmental responsibility. We also made tremendous progress as it relates to our integration of Frutarom. First and foremost, we instilled an integration management office to provide visibility for all critical initiations and enhanced decision making. This key group of individuals, the best of IFF and Frutarom, have been instrumental in developing go-forward plans and supporting the day-to-day execution. We also refined and confirmed our plan to achieve approximately $145 million of cost synergies by 2021. Synergies are expected to come from procurement, footprint optimization and streamlining of overhead expenses. In addition, we identified initial cross-selling opportunities to drive incremental growth going forward. These opportunities are expected to provide revenue synergies, which we believe will further value create to the shareholders over time. As we mentioned last quarter, we've already capitalized on a few quick wins. We integrated Frutarom's North America taste business in our North America business, and we'll leverage our Tastepoint go-to-market strategy for small and mid-sized customers. At the same time, we combined Frutarom's cosmetic active ingredients business called IBR into our Lucas Meyer's cosmetic business. Concurrently, we moved all savory solution capabilities and innovation under a single leader to form Frutarom Global Savory Solutions group. This will enable the group to work together in a unified direction. From a global footprint standpoint, we've already begun to execute the optimization of our manufacturing sites in order to realize significant cost synergies. This plan has already led to closings in the U.K. as we consolidated our site in Manningtree. While this is a first step in the process and we have much more work to be done, we are moving forward as planned. Lastly, we're finalizing plans for our next stage of taste integration like we did in North America combining like taste businesses together to build a strong platform, more to be shared in due course. I would like now to turn it over to Rich.
Richard O'Leary: Thank you, Andreas. I'd like to now give you a more in-depth review of taste and nutrition. Turning to the Taste business. In the fourth quarter 2018, currency neutral sales grew 5% with 3 of the 4 regions expanding year-over-year. This performance was led by mid-single-digit growth in North America and Greater Asia. All categories contributed to growth led by dairy and beverage. Segment profit was challenged due to higher RSA expenses and several other ongoing costs, which I don't expect to be continuing in a more of a one-off nature in the quarter. For the full year 2018, currency neutral sales increased 5%, driven by growth in all regions and across all categories. Improvements were led by high single-digit growth in North America with strong double-digit growth in Tastepoint; mid-single-digit growth in EAME, led by double-digit growth in Africa and the Middle East; and in Latin America led by strong double-digit growth in Argentina. Taste currency neutral segment profit on a full year basis grew approximately 6%, led by volume growth and the benefits from our ongoing cost and productivity initiatives. In terms of segment profit margin, we continue to see margin expansion improving 60 basis points to an industry-leading 22.7%. In the scent business, fourth quarter 2018 currency neutral sales grew 3%. Performance was driven by mid-single-digit improvements in Fragrance Ingredients and low single-digit growth in Consumer Fragrances. Fine Fragrances were down slightly year-over-year, reflecting strong double-digit growth in the year-ago comparison. For the year 2018, currency neutral sales grew 4% with the strongest improvement coming in Fragrance Ingredients, which grew high single digits. This was led by price increases and strong double-digit growth in cosmetic active ingredients. Consumer Fragrances grew mid-single digits, including price as performance was driven by double-digit growth in Hair Care and mid-single-digit growth in Fabric Care, Home Care and Toiletries, all led by innovation platforms. Scent currency neutral segment profit decreased approximately 2% as the benefits from cost and productivity initiatives were more than offset by unfavorable price to input costs, reflecting unprecedented raw material inflation, including the previously announced citral supply issue as well as highest manufacturing -- higher manufacturing costs due to these supply chain challenges. It should be noted that over the course of 2018, due to external events, we continued to be impacted by incremental pressures in raw material costs. Our pricing, as expected, accelerated throughout the year and was near 2%, 3% in the fourth quarter. However, it was not enough to cover the cost increases. As always, we'll continue to work with our customers on actions to mitigate the cost increases. In terms of segment profit margin, year-over-year performance was pressured. However, our profit margins remained strong at 17.5%. Turning to Frutarom. In the fourth quarter, sales totaled approximately $360 million. Please note, and as a reminder, we closed the acquisition on October 4 and the financial results for Frutarom reflect the closing date, and as such, does not include a full quarter's activity. We're pleased to report that Frutarom returned to growth in the fourth quarter as like-for-like sales increased 3%, driven by strong improvements in natural product solutions and F&F ingredients. The core business, which excludes trade and marketing, grew 4% versus the prior year on a like-for-like basis. In terms of segment profit, the Frutarom division delivered $27 million and $66 million, excluding amortization. The margin profile for Frutarom in the fourth quarter was strong at 18.5%, excluding the amortization. This was a strong improvement when you compare it to what they reported in Q4 2017 as a stand-alone company. In terms of cash flow, operating cash flow increased $46 million or 12% to $437 million compared to $391 million in 2017. The year-over-year increase was driven by increased earnings, depreciation and amortization and lower pension contributions offset by increased inventories. Core working capital was impacted by higher inventory to ensure business continuity during the supply chain challenges as well as higher material -- higher raw material prices. From a capital allocation standpoint, we spent approximately $170 million in capital expenditures or about 4.3% of sales, driven by new plant and capacity investments, mainly in Greater Asia. As we discussed in the past, some of these investments include a flavors manufacturing facility in the Zhangjiagang Free Trade Zone, which opened on October 9, 2018; and a Natural Products Research lab located in the Nanjing Life Science Park, which opened on October 15, 2018. The flavors plant is our second in China and is designed to supplement our existing flavors and manufacturing operations in Guangzhou. The Naturals Lab is our first outside of the U.S. China is a critical and component part -- component of our long-term research strategy. The opening of these new facilities will support our efforts to be a partner of choice and grow in this exciting region. Regarding cash returned to shareholders, we paid approximately $230 million or about 50% of adjusted net income in dividend payouts and $15 million on share repurchases. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rich. I wanted to spend a few moments to highlight our integration priorities moving forward as we end the year 1 of this 3-year journey. As we spoke about earlier, integrating IBR into LMC is imperative to strengthen the product offering and drive accelerated growth and cosmetic active ingredients. As a reminder, cosmetic active ingredients is a very high-growth and high-profitable sector that we have prioritized moving forward. We want to ensure seamless combination of the Global Savory Solutions group to address customer needs by leveraging the technologies and expertise in our various categories. By establishing a globally coordinated team, we will support strong local presence with global expertise as we offer a full range meat ingredient provider; novel flavors; functionality and technical expertise in texture, color, oxidation, plant protein and aromas to our entire customer base. We will continue to consolidate the Frutarom taste business under the IFF taste leader as we move to capitalize on efficiencies and drive accelerated growth. The plan is to leverage our strong blueprint of our Tastepoint North America go-to-market approach to strengthen our exposure with small and mid-tier customers in every market around the world. In terms of synergies, which I will touch more in a moment, we plan to capitalize on significant make versus buy initiatives across our spend to drive strong year one cost synergies, and we will continue to execute our global site rationalization for improved efficiency. Lastly, we will broaden our cross-selling activities and begin the execution on opportunities. A cross-functional global team has been established and is working diligently to generate incremental opportunities to capture a greater value. As I have said previously, I continue to believe this will provide the largest value-creation opportunity in the medium to long term. Slide 16 provides an overview on the anticipated cost synergies in year one of our three year integration plan. Our integration program is well underway, developing and refining the work plans to unlock these value-creation opportunities. As you can see, we anticipate approximately $30 million to $35 million of expected savings in year one. The $30 million to $35 million will come from accelerating the rationalization and harmonization of our procurement spend. We will leverage higher spend on overlapping direct raw materials and rationalize. We will also leverage production capabilities where we are currently buying materials or intermediates at a higher price. We will also continue to rationalize the global footprint to optimize our global sites. Note that over time the contribution of our manufacturing rationalize will increase as it takes time to work with site closures. Lastly, we will be streamlining overhead expenses by reducing nonstrategic costs and eliminating redundant expenses. This will ensure that we create an organization that focuses and directs spend to the most value-enhancing opportunities. I would now like to turn the call back over to Rich, who'll give us an outlook for 2019.
Richard O'Leary: Thanks, Andreas. Over the last few years, we've seen a -- the global operating environment to continue to be volatile. There are several things that have direct implications on our industry and business in 2019 that I'd like to highlight. A clear headwind within our industry is the continued rise of raw material costs. In 2019, we expect mid-single-digit inflation on our legacy IFF business as synthetic materials continue to rise, driven by several supply chain disruptions that we've faced over the last 12 to 15 months. These market disruptions continue to disproportionately impact the scent business and is more -- as it is more broadly exposed to these raw materials. It should be noted that when you combine 2018 and 2019, raw material cost inflation in the scent division is near 20%. Our strategic priority is to protect our customers business, which we were successful in doing in 2018. However, this comes at an incremental cost. This will require us to continue to work with our customers, taking additional price increases as we move through 2019 to ensure that we ultimately recover these cost increases over time. It should be noted that natural ingredients costs like vanilla and citrus markets remained elevated near historical levels. We expect to see a more muted cost increases for taste in 2019. From an economic perspective, GDP growth on a global basis remains positive; however, many estimates were recently revised downward. There continues to be geopolitical tension and uncertainties around the world with examples like trade wars and Brexit. All in all, we are optimistic about our top line, but recognize that there is risk given the constantly changing operating environment. The U.S. dollar continues to fluctuate versus the world currency. As we are in generally a strong $environment year-over-year, the euro to $exchange rate is the most relevant to IFF. So you'll see the euro to $exchange rate stabilizing. It is positive. From a profitability perspective, the euro represents approximately 30% of our profits, including the addition of Frutarom. Our rolling hedging program helps limit any volatility as we're currently hedged approximately 45% at an average rate of $1.21. Lastly, we've seen improved global consumer staples volumes in 2018, which we expect to continue in 2019. At the same time, local and regional customers continue to grow rapidly, a great opportunity as this is more prevalent to our business when incorporating 30,000 small and mid-sized customers that we acquired from Frutarom. Before reviewing full year expectations for 2019, I want to highlight a few go-forward modeling assumptions. First of all, we will be referencing a combined 2018 result as if all aspects of the Frutarom transaction were retroactive to the start of 2018. First, in 2019, we expect a modest benefit from M&A, and yes, an additional week of sales or 53rd week. Currency is expected to be a headwind in 2019. We expect a headwind of approximately 3 percentage points on a combined sales growth and approximately 2 percentage points on adjusted EPS, ex amortization. We expect approximately $30 million to $35 million in cost synergies in 2019 coming from procurement, operations and overhead expenses as Andreas explained. Following successful debt raised for the Frutarom acquisition, our debt outstanding is about $4.4 billion. And combined interest expense associated with this debt is approximately $150 million. Currently, we're assuming an annual effective tax rate of approximately 19% for 2019, but the dynamics around this remain fluid. For the purposes of calculating adjusted diluted EPS on a going forward basis, we estimate that there will be approximately 113 million shares outstanding, including 6.3 million shares related to the tangible equity units. Annual amortization of intangible assets is expected to be about $190 million to $195 million, down from our previous estimate. Given the several moving parts, we felt it was important to give you an overview of the drivers between combined 2018 and 2019 sales. In terms of sales growth, we're targeting to achieve $5.2 billion to $5.3 billion in sales during 2019, representing a combined growth of 5% to 7%. In the chart, as you can see from second bar, approximately nine months of Frutarom adds $1.1 billion to our combined 2018 sales. In the third bar, we've estimated approximately $45 million of divestitures related to noncore Frutarom businesses in Central Europe and the U.S. that takes us to a combined full year 2018 sales of $5.1 billion. In the fifth bar, we estimate approximately $150 million of headwinds due to currency, resulting in currency neutral combined sales number of $4.95 billion. If you then use our expected 2019 growth of 5% to 7%, you'll get our guidance of $5.2 billion to $5.3 billion in sales during 2019. We expect broad-based growth across all of our segments with pricing driving scent and volumes the key component of taste and food performance. Moving on to a reconciliation of our 2019 adjusted EPS. We expect adjusted EPS of $4.90 to $5.10 and adjusted EPS ex amortization of $6.30 to $6.50. On the left side of the slide, you can see what we -- you can see that we expect 10% to 15% of growth in 2019 for adjusted EPS to get us to our range of $4.90 to $5.10. For adjusted EPS ex amortization, I'll walk you through the key drivers. Starting with the second bar in that section, $2.06 will be added to our full year 2018 number, representing the first nine months of Frutarom. On the next bar, you can see that the full effect of the $4.4 billion debt issuance has a negative $0.55 impact. When you add that together with the share count dilution from the equity issuance going forward from approximately 80 million shares before issuance to approximately 113 million shares outstanding, it has approximately $1.71 share dilution impact on full year combined results. Combining that with approximately $0.13 related to other impacts, including tax rate, Frutarom minority interest and lower other income and expense in 2019, it gets you to $5.95 for the combined 2018 year. We expect approximately $0.12 related to currency in 2019 to bridge you to a currency neutral combined adjusted EPS of $5.83. When you apply the 2019 expected growth rates of 8% to 11%, our guidance for 2019 comes out to be $6 -- $6.30 to $6.50. While we expect to see solid top line growth across the entire business, scent profitability is being adversely impacted by the additional raw material cost inflation where pricing actions take time to achieve the -- to achieve given the nature of our business. As we move beyond 2019, we would expect to see the results to accelerate as raw materials tend to begin to -- trends begin to normalize and we generate the majority of our integrations related in 2020. Debt payment -- debt repayment continues to be a critical focus of ours. We're committed to reaching a 3x leverage ratio by 2020, down from our current 3.6x. Our intent is to retain an investment-grade rating and our management team's incentives are now aligned with the repayment debt metrics. With that, let me turn it back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rich. That was a lot of very complicated slides, but I hope it helps. As we look to the future, we're reconfirming our long-term targets. We expect to deliver between 5% to 7% currency neutral combined sales growth CAGR between 2019 and 2021. We also expect to deliver 10%-plus adjusted EPS ex amortization combined growth for the same period. So 2019 is the first very important step in the journey and the foundation to achieve our long-term targets. In summary, we're pleased with our financial performance for 2018 as we delivered on all of our key metrics. We made strong advancement in both top and bottom line results as we recorded record-setting sales and adjusted EPS ex amortization. We also build an organization for accelerate -- accelerated profitable growth combining two strong organizations to create a truly global leader in taste, scent and nutrition. As we look forward, full year 2019, we expect sales to be between $5.2 billion to $5.3 billion, adjusted EPS to be between $4.90 and $5.10 and adjusted EPS ex amortization in between $6.30 and $6.50 as Rich said. The coming together of IFF and Frutarom was a momentous achievement in 2018, and we're excited to be moving forward as one company and pursuing new opportunities that benefit all of our stakeholders around the world. And with that, I would now like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan from Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: I wanted to ask about Frutarom. So sales growth improved sequentially, but was still below longer-term expectations. I guess, given tough comparisons in the business prior to the deal, I assume it doesn't meaningfully accelerate until 2Q. So maybe just verify if that's kind of what you believe? And then what gives confidence that 6% remains achievable, the only thing that you've seen so far that would increase confidence in that? And I guess, sort of related to that, any idea what shipments looked like in that business relative to demand in quarters prior to the deal close, meaning, like, could they have overshipped demand?
Andreas Fibig: Okay, Mark, so first of all, good morning. Let me answer the question. First of all, from the technical point of view, we certainly have much easier comparables in the second half of the year. So that's something which makes us very optimistic. We're also happy that after a softer third quarter last year, the fourth quarter was turning around. People are again focusing on the business after we have done the close on the 4th of October. We have started the integration very, very well, and as we said before, we were happy that we could close the deal a couple of weeks ahead of our original timing and that pays off because everything is going according to plan. So people can go back and focus on the customers. I believe that's super important. Leadership is clear, and we really can make sure that we see the customers and sell. What makes me optimistic is that first of all, we're in some of the faster-growing segments, which is super helpful, and particularly, in the adjacency -- adjacent business. We're with some of the faster-growing customers as well, and particularly, in Europe and in the U.S. And we haven't even tapped into the cross-selling opportunity, but we see already that our teams are generating really good ideas and having implemented a couple of pilots and that makes us pretty optimistic on the Frutarom piece. So all in all, a very, very positive picture from our point of view.
Richard O'Leary: Yes. I think, Mark, from a -- as you said, I think Q1 will be the most challenging from a comp standpoint, a little bit better in Q2, obviously Q3. And the second half, as Andreas talked about, will be -- will see the fastest acceleration. I think the other thing to me was, clearly, North America was one of the challenged markets. I think we've done -- we've put the leadership in place now. There was a vacancy prior to the closing. And I think now we're getting much and much more alignment and integration between Frutarom's taste business in North America and our Tastepoint business. So that I think that will enable us to accelerate growth. I think we've already seen very, very quickly some real opportunities in terms of where we combine our two capabilities to drive growth on projects that the two companies individually weren't able to tackle.
Mark Astrachan: Got it. Okay. So just to be clear, then 6% remains the target? And then I just want to switch to a separate question on free cash flow, Rich. It's diverged from an income in recent years. Does this normalize in your view in 2019? I think you'd mentioned given inventories being inflated given the supply chain challenges. So does the inventory piece specifically improve? And are there any other anticipated items that will impact cash generation in '19 as far as you can tell?
Richard O'Leary: Yes, I think, to your first comment, our expectations in terms of the 6% is certainly our -- still our expectations for the Frutarom business going forward. In terms of cash flow, yes, I think that in the last two years, if I look at cash flow from operations compared to adjusted net income, it was in the 80% to 90% range. '19 was -- or '18 was clearly challenged by the inventories, which were up $130-something million. In '19, I would expect the inventory number to stabilize. I don't think it's going to get better yet. We're going to be challenged with the mid-single-digit cost increases that I alluded to on our legacy business. But I think that's where we see going forward, stabilization in '19 and then improvements beginning in '20 going forward. Overall, I would expect that cash from working capital impacts in 2019 to actually be favorable versus a big outflow in 2018. And overall, I would say, when you take that into consideration plus the increased D&A, I would expect our conversion of cash from operations versus adjusted net income to be above 100%. So much better than what we have been for the last two years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy from Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: To talk about the Flavors business, I think the organic growth of 2% in the quarter was a bit disappointing relative to what it had done in the rest of 2018. So just as you talked about your expectation for the Frutarom business, I'd love to hear how you're thinking about your base business? So Flavors and Fragrances, it seems like you're embedding a bit of an acceleration in 2019. So if you could just break those two components out, that would be helpful?
Richard O'Leary: Yes, Faiza, it's Rich. I mean, I think that clearly, there's been -- Q4 was a disappointment, but I think you also got to keep in mind the prior year comparables and a very strong Q3. I think that in -- with 2020 hindsight, it looks like a portion of the strong growth that we saw in Q3 is some element of inventory because we see -- we saw a positive impact from volume erosion, which was actually favorable in Q3 in the taste business and it turned unfavorable in Q4. So I think there's clearly an element associated with inventory adjustments and movements on the part of our customers. On a two year basis, growth for Flavors is probably around 4%, and on a full year basis, growth rates were -- on a two year basis are probably in the 5% range. So I think, partly, the fundamentals of our taste business haven't changed, our expectations haven't changed. We are clearly seeing, particularly in the fourth quarter, some volume erosion and lower volumes on -- with global customers, the large CPGs. It's hard to say right now whether that's again a continuation in the inventory correction. But I think, overall, our expectations are -- going forward have not changed significantly. I think it's still going to be a challenging year, but the potential of the business hasn't changed.
Andreas Fibig: And on the Fragrance side, we can say we're winning good businesses. We had for the Fine Fragrance business, a very tough comparison for the first quarter. But looking forward, and particularly, if we look at the win rates we have in-house already, we're very optimistic on the Fine Fragrance business. I think for the Fragrance and scent business, it's not too much about the, let's say, the growth rate in terms of sales and the win rate, I think we're doing extremely well here. It's more about managing the raw material crisis, making sure that we can realize our price. And what makes us super optimistic on it is that we have won three more global core list. We never had -- we didn't have before, and that gives us just a more expanded reach of our business opportunities. Whether we can big times already capitalize in '19, I'm not sure because it takes a little bit of time, but on the midterm, I'm very optimistic on this one because these were significant wins the team brought in end of last year.
Faiza Alwy: Okay. So Andreas, you mentioned the -- managing the pricing amid this raw material inflation. Like what is sort of -- what is embedded in your outlook for '19 for pricing? And how much of that pricing have you already taken? And how much do you have to go back to the -- to your global customers and try to get that pricing?
Richard O'Leary: I mean, Faiza, that process is already underway. I think, when you look at the guidance and our expectations for 2019, it's about 1.5% of pricing and all in the scent business. And that process is already underway. I think it's as -- that's the same thing -- it's like rewind button. It's a tough discussion, but Nicholas' team has done -- they understand the importance, our customers understand that we work through the normal mechanisms of price and other activities to do that. I think we did an excellent job in 2018. And our price realization was in line with our expectations. What was the surprise was the cost impact as we progressed through the year continued to increase and accelerate. So I'm confident in the medium- and long-term that we're going to recover the price increases, but '19 is going to be another challenging year.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. And actually, if you compare ourselves to one of our bigger competitors, then you see that the erosion of the EBITDA margin was actually less. So that basically it is a testament for me that the teams are doing a good job here.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kate Grafstein from Barclays.
Katie Grafstein: If we could talk a little bit about gross margins for 2019, if you could walk through some of the moving pieces? And how should we think about incremental pricing needing to cover inflation in Fragrances? And can we assume gross margins could actually be up as that pricing comes through in the back half of the year?
Richard O'Leary: I mean, actually, no, I think, as I said, we've got about 1.5% built in to the targets for our objectives for 2019 in terms of pricing. Again, all of that -- substantially all of that in the scent business. I think that on the taste side, it's more flat from a pricing standpoint. From a margin standpoint, it's going to be dilutive because we're going to have the sales and we're recovering -- we're looking to cover the cost increases and we're playing catch-up again versus what we -- the way we exited 2018, and then on top of that, we've got additional increases expected in 2019. So there's going to be a time lag as it has been. And in time, there is a level of this magnitude of 20% over a two year basis. From an overall margin standpoint, I think the other thing to keep in mind is the mix impact between the three businesses. And so you've got Frutarom that's going to represent about 1/3 -- about 30% of the overall total from a sales standpoint. Their margins or our gross margins when you look at how we report are from the U.S. standpoint -- U.S. GAAP standpoint. They're in the high 30s, about call it 38%, in that range, in that high 30s. So that has a dilutive impact. So our margin year-to-year is going to be -- it's going to be diluted and not going to go up in 2019. I think will help -- some of the synergies will help, but that synergy is going to get split between overhead expenses as well as cost of goods sold. I think we'll get some, but it's not going to be a significant step up from '19 to '18 or '18 to '19.
Andreas Fibig: You will see it probably in 2020 because then the synergies on the manufacturing side start kicking in and taking into -- let's say, taking the assumption, which I think is fair that the raw material inflation hopefully will stop this year, then you -- we will see a significant improvement in 2020.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Sison from KeyBanc.
Michael Sison: In terms of Frutarom, could you walk us through what the expectations should be for sales in '19, I guess, from the $1.1 billion that you noted in the presentation? And then, I guess, when you report operating income for '19, what should that look like, you'll be reporting it with amortization, right?
Andreas Fibig: Correct.
Richard O'Leary: Yes. So if you take the $1.1 billion we've got -- we've adjusted for the -- you basically take out about, as I said, about $45 million of business. That -- we -- the biggest piece of that we sold in the fourth quarter. There is a small piece that will be discontinued. We expect it to be discontinued in early 2019. So then the base is net of those two elements. And then, from there, I would say the 6% that we've talked about is our expectation for 2019. From a profitability standpoint, the amortization will be included in the division results as it is for all three divisions. We do that to maintain. That's how we measure the business performance. It's how we look at it from an incentive comp standpoint. And it's how we keep things tied back to our economic profit principles. And that's why we look at it both -- at a division level on a segment profit basis, including amortization, and on a corporate level, we've added the element of ex amortization from an overall cash flow standpoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gunther Zechmann from Bernstein.
Gunther Zechmann: Mike and Andreas, two questions. Just, can you talk a bit about the sales leverages that we're expecting for the Frutarom business? I think I remember you saying 50 bps per annum. When do you see that really kick in? And also, if you can discuss what the incremental margins are that you expect from that? That's the first one. The second one is pretty quick I have. In the 5% to 7% sales growth guidance for 2019 that you put, is it fair to assume that, that's organic sales growth or is it just local currency with some bolt-ons as well?
Andreas Fibig: Maybe you take the last one, and I think I'll take the other one.
Richard O'Leary: Yes. Do you want me to go first? Okay. So out of the -- in the 5% to 7%, there is, as I said, about 1.5% related to price. There is about some -- a little bit between 50 basis points and 100 basis points or call it a middle 75 of impact related to the 53rd week and a small amount of M&A and the balance is organic volume.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. And on the cross-selling, we will be -- first of all, we will be more, let's say, concrete on it when we do our Investor Day in the mid of the year. But what we see and the teams are working on it that we have the first, let's say, pilots running. We had the first couple of wins, small ones, but we see that they are really good and significant sizable opportunities. So I believe, it will actually start probably at the end of the year, and then going into 2020 that we see an impact on the cross-selling, which is really, really good. And we will make sure on the margin side to answer that question that we go into this more higher-margin business that we'll certainly put our resources behind the areas and categories while we can earn better margin than we have, and we'll probably let some of the lower-margin business go. So that's as an answer, and by the way, on the growth rate, as Rich said in one of his bridges, we have lost a couple of sales as well because we have sold or we are selling some of the smaller business from Frutarom just as an FYI.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts from UBS.
John Roberts: In the Frutarom shareholder filings, they had a 2018 projected revenue number of $1.75 billion. And so, on Slide 20, if I take your $1.1 billion and add your fourth quarter of $360 million, coming up about $300 million short today, finished the year like the -- was the fourth quarter $300 million below what they were thinking earlier in the year? That seems like way too bigger gap, like the math is wrong here somehow?
Michael DeVeau: Yes, John, its Mike. Just remember, from a Frutarom guidance standpoint pre the acquisition, that was a 2020 guidance, right. So that $300 million was a number they had that was going to go out in another couple of years.
Richard O'Leary: But look, clearly, John, I mean, third quarter built in -- at that point, in the numbers. They were not expecting to have a negative growth in Q3, and they were not expecting -- I don't think those numbers were based on having 3%, 4% growth in Q4. So the second half of the year was clearly weaker than what that was projected. There is a currency element between that and what we built into our assumptions for 2019. And clearly, there is -- I think there was M&A that they had expected to occur during 2018 that has not occurred. So I think it's a combination of all of that that much but it's not $300 million in the fourth quarter that was causing the difference.
Andreas Fibig: No. No.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Jester from Citi.
Daniel Jester: Just on the cost synergies side, now that you have the asset for a couple of months, can you talk about your confidence level in getting that $145 million target? And if we do see a slowdown from a macro perspective, is there anything you can do to accelerate those cost savings?
Andreas Fibig: Yes, let me take it. First of all, our confidence level on the synergies is very, very high because we see it already on the run rates we have for some of these elements like procurement and even the footprint rationalization. I'm saying run rate because of P&L impact. We had to go circa to inventory in 2019 to make it happen, but confidence levels is very, very, very high. If the economy is going down or is not growing as fast as we saw it in 2019, we have other levels -- levers to play here as well to make sure that we reach our numbers, but I'll give it to you Rich.
Richard O'Leary: I think what built into the guidance that we have for 2019 is investments that we've -- we want to make to drive future growth. I mean, Nicolas -- Andreas talked about Nicolas' business and the new core list that we've gained access to. In order to realize that potential, we've got to invest in resources, whether it's commercial people, boots on the ground, C&A resources, consumer insights and research, that's embedded in that -- in our guidance for 2019. It's probably 300 to 400 basis points of investment. If the year unfolds differently, we can certainly slow that down and make choices as we've done over the last 2 to 3 years as -- particularly in '16 and '17, we slowed back investment and we cut it back to try to mitigate the impacts of weaker top line. That will always be part of our management process and then trade-offs that we have to evaluate. Part of that 300 to 400 that I talked about is really playing catch-up, and while we -- as we progress through 2019, that's the first thing we'll do is say, are we on track from an external in looking viewpoint and what do we do as a result of that?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JP Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Just a couple of questions on Frutarom. In your descriptions of the taste and scent business, you talk about local currency growth or currency neutral growth, but in the Frutarom business, you talk about 3% growth on a like-for-like basis. Can you remind me what like-for-like means? And how that factors in acquisitions or currencies or whether it does or it doesn't? And then secondly, Frutarom's sales were much higher in the first and second quarter, they were $385 million and $401 million. Why were the sales for Frutarom so much higher in the first and second quarters than they were in the third and the fourth?
Andreas Fibig: You do the first one.
Richard O'Leary: Yes, let me take -- I'll take the first one, Jeff. You're right, it's a different methodology. I mean, they've always used like-for-like. And we'll evaluate as we go forward if there is a way to combine the two methodologies. Like-for-like represents that if -- what they do is they then back in and say if there is an acquisition that was done in the middle of any year, they take the prior year growth and put it back, prior year sales and compare prior year sales for the acquisition to current year sales for the acquisition. So again, it's almost -- it's measuring on a pro forma basis as if the acquisition -- any current year acquisition was affected as of the first of the prior year. So they're looking at the organic growth of that business plus the organic growth of the existing businesses. So it's a slightly different methodology. It's almost like same-store sales. It is a bit different than what we're doing. But it was the most practical way for the time being for us to look at it on a combined basis.
Andreas Fibig: Okay. And I think that's important that we have to, let's say, bring it all at the same level that we can compare apples-to-apples. Let me take the second piece of your question, Jeff, is on Frutarom first half to second half. Certainly, seasonality plays a role. Second, we had an unfavorable currency situation at the second half of the year as well because it's a lot of euro denomination in their sales. For the consolidation to our numbers, the three days we're missing because we closed on October 4. And then what we should not underestimate, particularly in the third quarter, that there was certainly a distraction of the organization to get the closing of the deal done. We are happy that we closed actually ahead of time, as we said, but that was certainly a couple of weeks or months even of the organization where they were more focused getting the closing done than selling to those customers. And then we're very happy and actually are optimistic because it turned around already in the fourth quarter and that's a very good sign. So that's the explanation for the sales first compared to second half of 2018.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney from Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney: Just a quick one. Andreas, you're on the board, and I know, Rich, you were there, I think, you were controller for a lot of the cultural changes under Doug and Kevin that took place, I think, just focusing on more profitable briefs, like that's sort of business process stuff. Could you compare the culture at Frutarom and the integration challenges or integration opportunities you see just as far as the cultural organizing from most profitable, least profitable and basically risk adjusting, all of that, to what you went through back then? And if there is that kind of opportunity, how that plays into your synergy plan?
Andreas Fibig: I would say, Jon, a very interesting and good question because here are certainly opportunities for us to look at the profitability of the different businesses. And we're doing it even much broader that we look into all categories and all customers right now. And we will present to the board in May by the way to look where we put our dollars behind and where we might walk away or make sure that we don't invest too much money to make sure that we're really going after the opportunities, which are giving us the best yield for our dollar. So that's good. In terms of the culture, what is good is that with the acquisition, we got a lot of energy from the company, which is very commercially focused and that will help us as well to focus on our customers and make sure that we get the best out of the customers and that we have a good service in place here as well. So that will be my answer, but Rich, you please supplement.
Richard O'Leary: Yes. I think, Jon, it's -- in some ways, the fundamentals of the cultural change are similar in the sense that the biggest thing back under Doug, Kevin was a shift in focus and understanding from just top line growth to profitability and margins and accretive business, the whole EP focus. And I think I can clearly tell you that the Frutarom mentality, Frutarom DNA is all about profitable growth. And they focus on margins day in, day out. You've heard me take about their Executive Information System and they live through that day in, day out. They're focused on what are the -- what's the margin expansion, what's the mix improvement. So I think, from that standpoint, it's very similar in terms of we both companies recognize the importance of profitable growth. I think the challenge that we were going to have to manage through as an executive team is, now we have a much bigger business and the choices that we have are much bigger. And so we're going to have to manage through that because we don't have endless resources. So it's both a benefit and a challenge that now we have to allocate those resources and prioritize across a much wider spectrum of businesses.
Andreas Fibig: And that was actually one of the reasons for the acquisition, as we said, we wanted to increase the option space for us because now, as Rich said, we can -- we have natural colors, we have health ingredients, we have food protection, we have flavors, we have fragrances, we've active cosmetics, and that gives us good choices. And actually, it helps us as well to balancing a very weaker global environment as well. So we believe it's good to have options, and we have no more options than we had ever before, probably more options than many of our competitors, and we believe that has positioned us actually in a very, very, very good spot. With that, I think, Mike, we will close the call for today, but I would like to remind you that we are at CAGNY next week. And we have a CAGNY dinner where we will display all of these new franchises and categories we have now in store, and we'll give you an explanation what we can do with it. And you can experience it, you can taste it, you can smell it, and we believe it will be great. So I hope to see a lot of you next week in Boca actually with much warmer and better weather. And you will see it will be spectacular. Thank you very much. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. [07BDC1-E Rich O'Leary] Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.
Analysts: Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd. Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Patrick Lambert - Raymond James Financial International Ltd.
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances third quarter 2018 earnings conference all. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's third quarter 2018 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to our outlook for the fourth quarter and full-year 2018. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on February 27, 2018 and our press release that we filed yesterday. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release and is on our website. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rich O'Leary. We will start with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have. With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. On the call today, we will review our financial results for the third quarter and the first nine months for 2018, give a quick update on Frutarom since the transaction has closed, and provide an update to all financial expectations for the full year, inclusive of Frutarom. Then we will be happy to take any questions that you may have. Starting with a recap of our first nine months performance, growth was strong across our key financial metrics. Currency neutral sales increase 6% year-to-date, with Flavors growing 6% and Fragrances growing 5%. New win performance and price increases to mitigate rising material cost, both contributed to consolidated growth. From a profitability perspective, currency neutral adjusted operating profit grew 4%, supported by volume leverage and our focus to drive greater efficiency throughout our business via cost and productivity initiatives. Currency neutral adjusted EPS improved 11%, driven by adjusted operating profit growth as well as a more favorable effective tax rate. Our strategic priorities continue to drive overall performance over the first nine months of 2018. Sales of our Re-Imagine Modulation portfolio grew strong double-digit and PowderPure grew an impressive triple-digits, both indicative of our position as a leader in innovation. Performance with local and regional customers remained strong, growing double that of our global customers, which on a consolidated basis is about 50% of our customer base. In Flavor specifically, our mid-size go-to-market platform, Tastepoint, continued to deliver strong results, improving strong double-digits in the first nine months of 2018. In terms of maximizing our portfolio towards our most margin accretive categories, cosmetic active ingredients continued its robust growth trend by improving double-digits. Also on the Fragrance side, hair care grew double-digits and home care and toiletries improved high-single digits. In Flavors, growth was strong in dairy and beverage, improving double-digits and high-single digits respectively. We also continue to focus on driving greater efficiencies throughout our business via cost and productivity initiatives, which allows us to reallocate resources to efforts that drive the greatest returns and maintain strong profitability. This yielded strong results in the first nine months of 2018. And so our cost and productivity initiatives, including zero-based budgeting added approximately 5 percentage points of gross to currency neutral adjusted operating profit and EPS growth. All-in-all, I'm very pleased with how well our refreshed priorities are performing and believe better positions us to drive long-term value for our shareholders. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Rich.
[07BDC1-E Rich O'Leary]: Thanks, Andreas, and good morning, good afternoon, good evening to everyone. Moving on to our Q3 performance, currency neutral sales in the second quarter grew 4%. Growth was led by new wins and price increases to mitigate the impact of raw material cost inflation. From a profitability perspective, currency neutral adjusted operating profit increased 3% in the third quarter, as top line growth and the benefits associated with cost and productivity initiatives was offset by unfavorable price to input costs, inclusive of the BASF citral issue and weaker sales mix. Pricing was up more than 2 percentage points in the quarter on a consolidated basis. Despite the sequential acceleration in the third quarter, as expected, it did not offset raw material pressure, as we continue to see a timing lag in the Fragrance business unit. Currency neutral adjusted EPS increased 12%, as a more favorable year-over-year effective tax rate offset higher shares outstanding and interest expense associated with the equity and debt raise during the quarter. It should be noted that excluding the items that impact comparability, the adjusted tax rate for the third quarter of 2018 was 14% compared to 22.7% in the prior-year period. The year-over-year decrease was largely due to a more favorable mix of earnings, lower cost of repatriation, and the re-measurement of loss provisions, partially offset by adjustments to the impact of U.S. tax reform and the impact of current year transaction costs, including certain non-taxable gains on foreign currency in the prior year. Looking at the business unit performance for the third quarter, Flavors currency neutral sales increased 7% even against a strong year-ago comparison of 12%, with growth coming in all categories and all regions. On a two-year average basis, growth remained very strong at approximately 9.5%. North American Flavors improved 10% in the third quarter, led by double-digit growth at Tastepoint and strong performances in dairy and sweet. EAME increased 6% on a currency neutral basis, led by high-single digit growth in Europe as well as Africa and Middle East. Greater Asia grew 4% in the third quarter on a currency neutral basis, as it was led by double-digit growth in India and low-single digit increases in Indonesia, China, and ASEAN. Latin America increased 12% on a currency neutral basis, led by strong double-digit growth in Argentina as well as mid-single digit growth in Mexico. Flavors currency neutral segment profit grew approximately 7%, led primarily by volume growth and the benefits from ongoing cost and productivity initiatives. In terms of currency neutral segment profit margin, our profile remains strong at 22.1%. Fragrances currency neutral sales improved 2% on a strong year-ago double-digit comparison, with growth in nearly all regions. From a category perspective, Consumer Fragrances grew 2% on a currency neutral basis, as performance was driven by continued growth in hair, home, and fabric care. Fine Fragrances declined 2% on a currency neutral basis, against a very strong 18% comparison from the prior year. From a regional perspective, Greater Asia increased strong double-digits and EAME increased low-single digits. Fragrance Ingredients sales were up 5% on a currency neutral basis, led by strong double-digit growth in the cosmetic active ingredients business. This marks the ninth consecutive quarter of growth in Fragrance Ingredients. As we continue to successfully execute our refresh strategy and we achieve strong realization of price increases. From a profit perspective, Fragrances currency neutral segment profit decreased 5% on a currency neutral basis, as the benefits from productivity initiatives and cost management were more than offset by an unfavorable price to input costs, including the previously announced citral issue. In terms of currency neutral segment profit margins, our margins remains solid, yet were under pressure year-over-year. Before moving on, I'd like to provide some more commentary on the raw material environment, like I did in Q2. As you remember, coming into the year we expected mid-single-digit raw material inflation in 2018, inclusive of the impact of the citral situation, heavier in the business units versus Flavors. Since that time, cost inflation has picked up following a series of disruptions in the supply chain. Additional market disruptions continue to impact the Fragrance business unit, driven both by environmental considerations and new non-flavor and fragrance market demands for core raw materials. Unfortunately, we see further input cost and pressures in 2019, particularly in Fragrances. Our strategic priority is to protect our customers' business. However, this comes at a significant incremental cost and will require additional price increases as we move into 2019 to ensure we cover our raw material cost exposure. Operating cash flow was $202 million in first nine months of 2018 compared to $199 million in the prior-year period. This was primarily driven by litigation in the prior-year period. Core working capital was impacted by higher inventory to ensure continuity of supply during unprecedented supply chain challenges as well as higher raw material prices. From a capital allocation standpoint, we spent approximately $102 million in capital expenditures, or about 3.7% of sales, driven by new plant and capacity investments, mainly in Greater Asia. Some of these investments include a Flavors manufacturing facility in the Zhangjiagang Free Trade Zone, which opened on October 9, and a Natural Products Research lab located in the Nanjing Life Science Park, which opened on October 15. The Flavors plant is our second in China and is designed to supplement our existing flavors and manufacturing operations in Guangzhou. The Natural lab is our first outside of the U.S. China is a critical component of our long-term strategy. The opening of these new sites will support our efforts to be a partner of choice and to grow in this exciting region. We continue to believe that we will spend approximately 4% to 5% of sales for the full year 2018 on CapEx. Regarding cash returned to shareholders, during the first nine months, we spent approximately $163 million on dividends and $15 million on share repurchases. As a reminder, as part of the Frutarom combination, we paused our share repurchase program, as we will prioritize debt repayment going forward. We will continue to maintain a disciplined approach to capital allocation as we accelerate growth through organic investments and strategic acquisitions while returning significant capital to shareholders. Before turning it back to Andreas, I'd like to provide some commentary on Frutarom's estimated results for Q3 2018. Please note that this information is for informational purposes only, and they reflect Frutarom's results when it was under the previous ownership and prior to the completion of the acquisition on October 4. For the third quarter, net sales are expected to be between $360 million and $365 million, and adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be approximately 21%. Performance from a top line perspective is expected to be up low single digits versus prior year, driven by the contribution of acquisitions and offset by foreign exchange headwinds. It should be noted that sales growth, while up year over year, was negatively impacted by customer order patterns, specifically in more commodity-oriented businesses such as trade and marketing and Frutarom's citrus processing business, which were both down double digits. Excluding these businesses, growth would have increased mid-single digits on a reported basis, and high single digits if we excluded foreign exchange impacts. In the third quarter, adjusted EBITDA margin continued to be solid, improving approximately 40 basis points year over year, led by gross margin improvements as well as expense control. On a year-to-date basis, sales are expected to be approximately $1.15 billion, an increase of about 15%. In terms of profitability, we expected adjusted EBITDA margin to be approximately 21.5%, which is a strong year-over-year improvement of approximately 175 basis points. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Rich. I would like now to give you a quick update on our Frutarom combination. I'm very happy to say that on October 4, we completed the combination with Frutarom. This is ahead of our original expectations of six to nine months from May 7 announcement. The coming together of IFF and Frutarom is a momentous achievement, and we're excited to be moving forward as one company while pursuing new opportunities that benefit all our stakeholders around the globe. I applaud the integration teams around the world that over the past several months have been working to ensure that we capture the best of both companies and create a seamless and efficient transition to achieve both our operational and financial targets for this combination. Together, we create a global leader in natural taste, scent, and nutrition. IFF has now a stronger product offering, broader access in attractive adjacencies, and stronger exposure to fast-growing customers. We expect to generate cost synergies of $145 million through raw material harmonization, footprint optimization, and streamlining overhead expenses by the third full year after the completion of the merger. Additionally, cross-selling opportunities and integrated solutions are expected to provide revenue synergies to our shareholders progressively over time. Through this combination, we are confident in the opportunities that lie ahead and the ability of the combination to accelerate financial performance and targeting sales growth an average of 5% to 7% and 10%-plus adjusted EPS growth, excluding total company amortization between 2019 and 2021, all on a currency neutral and pro forma basis. Let's take a look how the new IFF is positioned now that the transaction has been completed. As you can see from the slide, we instantly have the number two global market position in the industry, with approximately 33,000 customers globally, selling about 150,000 unique product solutions annually. Our organization is fueled by 13,000 hardworking employees in more than 110 manufacturing sites and approximately 100 R&D centers and labs around the world. This historic combination sets us up to service our customers like we never have done before, being able to offer them a stronger product offering to help them create differentiation in the marketplace. With the addition of Frutarom's offerings, we instantly become a leader and natural capabilities extending across our entire platform. Our combination creates a highly diversified portfolio, with exposure to fast-growing categories and customers. Being that our product offering is now extending beyond our traditional industry, we have renamed our business segments from Flavors and Fragrances to Taste and Scent respectively. To ensure we deliver a seamless experience to our newest customers, we intend to preserve Frutarom's best-in-class customer-facing capabilities, which will enable us to maintain the strong relationships Frutarom has built, while capturing this significant cross-selling opportunities we will have as a combined company. As a result, our intention is to report Frutarom as a standalone business unit. Based on projected pro forma 2018 sales, we expect Scent to be approximately 35%, Taste to be about 33% and Frutarom about 32% of our entire business. And now, looking at our Executive Leadership team, Matthias Haeni and Nicolas Mirzayantz will continue to lead our Taste and Scent division respectively. Leading the Frutarom division, I'm pleased to welcome Amos Anatot, who spent eight years at Frutarom in leadership positions, with his most recent role as Executive Vice President of Global Supply Chain and Operations. He has a great perspective of the taste, savory solutions, flavors and fragrance ingredients, Taura and trade & marketing businesses and that's been actively involved in integration as a leader from Frutarom. Within Frutarom, I would like also to welcome Yoni Glickman, who will run Natural Product Solutions, which includes health, colors and food protection. He most recently held the position of present Natural Solutions at Frutarom, where he led the company's natural food colors, antioxidants, cosmetics and health ingredients business. This leadership structure is in place since the 4th of October to run these businesses in a manner that leverage our strengths and supports our customers. Aligned with this approach, we are already capitalizing on a few quick wins. For example, leveraging our Tastepoint go-to-market strategy for small- and mid-size customers in North America, we are integrating Frutarom's North America taste business into our own. As a reminder, Tastepoint is designed to serve the dynamic and faster-growing middle-market customers in North America, a key driver of growth. By combining the Frutarom North America taste business with R&D, technology and consumer insight of IFF, we are strengthening the innovative go-to-market approach that targets unique needs and expectations of this subset of customers. As you have seen since inception, Tastepoint has been a success, evident by our strong growth with small- and mid-sized customers in North America. This transition should be seamless, as the go-to-market model used by Frutarom's North America flavors business is perfectly in line with what we have at Tastepoint. Another example is in cosmetic actives. While we are shifting Frutarom's cosmetic active ingredients business into our Lucas Meyer Cosmetics business. Established in 1995, Israeli Biotechnology Research or IBR researches, develops, manufactures, and markets innovative and proprietary natural active ingredients for the cosmetics and dietary supplement industries, mainly for cellular and skin anti-aging, skin protection from UV rays and air pollution, skin whitening, and pigmentation prevention. By combining these two businesses, we have strengthened our cosmetic active ingredients portfolio sold to some of the world's leading cosmetic companies. We believe this will support continued growth in this highly profitable category. And all of these measures we have started already since the closing of the deal, which is ahead of time. With that, I would like to ask Rich to provide some perspective for the full-year 2018 financials.
[07BDC1-E Rich O'Leary]: Thank you, Andreas. Before providing full-year expectations, I wanted to clarify a few go-forward model assumptions. First, following the successful debt raise, our total debt outstanding is approximately $4.4 billion. The annual interest expense associated with this debt is expected to be between $150 million and $155 million per year. Currently, we expect our annual effective tax rate to be approximately 19%, more or less the average of the two standalone companies. For purposes of calculating adjusted diluted EPS on a go-forward basis, we estimate that there will be approximately 113 million diluted shares outstanding, including 6.3 million shares related to the tangible equity units. Annually amortization is expected to be approximately $220 million and subject to change based on the finalization of the purchase price accounting. In terms of our go-forward reporting, please note that we have modified the way we will disclose adjusted EPS. Previously, adjusted EPS was reported EPS excluding items that affect comparability. In addition to these exclusions, going forward, we will also exclude full amortization for the total company. We believe that this metric provides useful period-to-period comparisons of the results of our operational performance and cash generation capacity. Looking at the full year 2018, inclusive of Frutarom's fourth quarter estimated results, we are targeting year-over-year advancement in both top- and bottom-line results. We expect our sales to be between $3.95 billion and $4.05 billion for the full year, with similar contributions to Q3 in our legacy IFF business as well as sequential improvements in Frutarom sales performance versus the growth they achieved in Q3. We also expect our adjusted EPS to be between $6.25 and $6.45 excluding one-time items that may affect comparability and total company amortization for the full year. For reference purposes, we expect 2018 amortization for the full year to be approximately $83 million, made up of $37 million of legacy IFF amortization, $9 million from legacy Frutarom amortization, and an estimated $37 million from the purchase price accounting related to the (00:25:02) transaction. With that, let me turn it back over to Andreas for his final remarks.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Rich. In summary, we are pleased with a strong financial performance in the third quarter, as we achieved growth in all of our key financial metrics. Our strong performance in the first nine-months was driven by our refreshed priorities, as we continue to focus on the execution of our long-term strategy, accelerating growth, increasing differentiation and driving cost efficiencies to drive sustainable, profitable growth in the future and maximize value creation for our shareholders. As we look towards the remainder of the year, inclusive of Frutarom results for the fourth quarter, we expect strong advancements in top- and bottom-line results as noted by Rich. Looking forward, comes a bittersweet realization that the third quarter 2018 was our final as legacy IFF. We are now embarking on the next major chapter of IFF history. We believe that our combination with Frutarom, the largest transaction of its kind in our industry, is fundamentally going to expand our customer and employee base and product offerings. We will have greater exposure to fast-growing customers, broader access to attractive adjacencies and a very differentiated portfolio, with an increased focus on naturals and health and wellness, as well as more comprehensive solutions. We believe this will translate into accelerated financial performance as a combined company, with robust top- and bottom-line growth, leading to strong returns for our shareholders. With that, we would now like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks and good morning, everybody.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Mark.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hi, Mark.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I have heard worse by the way on the last news if that's what you're talking about. So, on the business, though it's helpful commentary on Frutarom for 3Q, I guess, related to that, so what gives you confidence that it can improve in 4Q? And if I'm doing the math correctly, why give such a large implied range of sales for the business? And kind of related to that, if I remember also from Frutarom's results earlier this year, there was some volatility in their trade and marketing business in those results. So thoughts on maybe how that business fits with the new company going forward?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Let me start the first part of the question, and then I hand it over to Rich. So, first of all, we had a solid start and an acceleration in growth with the Frutarom business for the fourth quarter, so that's a good part. And we are actually ahead of the integration. What is the big benefit for us is that we have closed the deal earlier than we sought. The teams were well-prepared. The leadership structure is in place. And most of the insecurity is gone, which we usually have when you embark in such kind of a deal. And that, let's say, fills the optimism for the fourth quarter and the year going forward. So good start, as I said, financially. Secondly, we have the organization in place to perform and we see that people are very motivated, leadership structure is there. They're going after it. We are talking already about cross-selling opportunities, which I always said is probably mid- and long-term, the biggest value creation opportunity we have here. We have the first small signs of cross-selling successes, which is fantastic, and that, I would say, fuels the optimism of the organization that the fourth quarter will go in the right direction. But in terms of the guidance...
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah, Mark, in terms of the guidance range, I wouldn't read too much into that. It's probably the simplest answer is I didn't want to have to go out to three digits in terms of the range, and so we picked basically a $50 million range around that. There's nothing more than that. As Andreas had said, I think that the first – the fourth quarter, the start to the first quarter is in line with what we expected. We've seen the improvement in Frutarom's performance into the start to Q4. I mean, I think we do believe that a big piece of the Q3 performance was driven by specific incident-related items, whether it's the trade and marketing or whether it's customer order patterns in a couple of businesses.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then on the trade and marketing, any thoughts on how that fits with the business going forward? And on the implied EBITDA, from a run rate standpoint, first half of the year I think was maybe a little bit stronger than kind of 21-ish. Is there anything within those numbers that perhaps makes them less sustainable going forward or were there – how much was contribution from acquisitions, for example, and is 21% kind of a good run rate to use going forward?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay. I'll take the first part. For the trade and marketing, it's probably too early to tell, and it's part of a service we are providing with this business unit to some of our customers. It's certainly not a focus area where we want to invest, but we will evaluate it what we want to do with the business. But so far, it looks like a smart solution to have it in place, but not put too many resources behind it. Rich?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Mark, from an EBITDA margin standpoint, I think it's – within the Flavors business, probably there's some mix impact, probably there is a little bit of mix impact within Natural Product Solutions. I think there are a couple of projects in terms of productivity things that are about three or six months behind schedule, that were already underway within the Frutarom business. So that's probably a little bit of what we're seeing in the second half. So I think overall, we don't see that there's any fundamental changes. Obviously, with the strong growth rates we saw particularly in Q1, the leverage component is much more advantageous in the first half than what we've seen in the third quarter.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right. Thanks, guys.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, good morning. My first question was just around the go-to-market approach that you talked about in terms of leaving Frutarom to report independently. That was definitely different from what I had anticipated or expected to be the case. So I guess first, could you talk about, one, will you be giving us pro forma historicals that could just help us in terms of forecasting? And the second thing is, it was just interesting to me that it looks like in terms of you're going to be rolling in the Frutarom North America flavors business into Tastepoint straight away. Is the approach going to be that piece by piece, Frutarom will be integrated into Taste and Scent? And this is just to create almost a bridge platform to go slowly, such that the Frutarom piece of this is independently reported will just be going down over time?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay. Rich, you get started.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: In terms of pro forma information, Lauren, we will on the year-end call, once all the numbers have been finalized, we'll provide a full-blown full-year pro forma for both the combined companies, so that represents the reference point going forward to the three-year guidance that we've talked about earlier. So we will provide that on the next call.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: And on the organizational setup, let's talk about the Natural Product Solutions, which is probably the most, let's say, adjacent businesses we have here at hand. That certainly is important to leave this as it is for now to make sure that we really capitalize on the growth opportunities because many of these businesses have higher growth in our core business and good profitability as well. So that's number one. Number two, on the Frutarom business unit, we said we won't organize it like that to make sure that we don't lose speed and we don't lose our customer focus to these high-growth smaller and mid-sized customers. And over time, we will decide what part of the organization we are moving to the Taste solution on our side. And it's right that the North America Taste business from Frutarom is mainly with smaller and mid-sized customers, so that creates for us a great opportunity to bring it together with our Tastepoint platform because it basically has the same business mechanics. And we believe that we can grow it significantly over the next couple of years when we house it in that area because, as I said, the mechanics are the same. And because we have already an approved model how to be successful in the North American market, we said this is probably the best thing we can do. And we are very happy that with the early close, the integration is already underway, which is way ahead of the time we sought, because we – actually I was thinking that we might close at the end of the year, and then you have Christmas and it takes a while. Now we are already in full swing integrating this business. Okay?
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. And then my second question was just around the pricing and raw material environment commentary that Rich offered. So just where do you stand in terms of your sense of the incremental pricing you're going to want to be taking? Where do you stand in terms of those customer conversations? Do you have visibility for how that starts to flow through, or should we be thinking about it more as it will be gradual throughout 2019, so that you'll probably still see some gross margin pressure as you play catch-up throughout the year?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Lauren, a couple things. I think there is – unfortunately there's always a time lag as we go through this process.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I think we've talked about that in the past about certain contracts and arrangements have windows for that. But we are already having conversations, the businesses certainly are starting to have the conversations around what is going to be necessary. We're going to expect to see – on an overall basis, I would expect to see mid-single-digit increases next year, again, skewed heavily towards the Fragrance business, given the continued supply chain interruptions that we're dealing with there. The teams are already having those conversations with and teeing those things up with the customers, but I would expect to see some continued pressure during the course, but I also fully expect to see progress quarter by quarter going forward also.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, that's great. Thank you so much.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Hi, good morning.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Faiza.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So two questions for me too. One is just to follow up on the raw material and pricing commentary. Could you give us more color in terms of where you're seeing the most raw material inflation? I know you said Fragrances. But just more specifically, is it the naturals? Is that synthetics, petrochemicals? Where are you seeing more of that? And then do you think that you're going to be able to recover the entire raw material inflation, because it looks like you talked about two points of pricing this quarter, but you said that you still haven't offset the entire inflation. So do you anticipate being able to offset that as you go through 2019?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So, Faiza, remember, a portion of that is related to the BASF, so that's something that still is being worked through. We're doing everything we can to mitigate the effects of the citral stuff. Some of it doesn't show up in pricing because we'll go through and work with customers on reformulations to adapt the cost base, so not everything is going to show up exactly. But I do expect over time that we will be able to recover this. We've got to protect our customers' business, but we also have to protect our bottom line. It's not easy. I'm never going to say it's easy. So I do expect, as I said to Lauren's question, I do expect us to see further pressure and continued focus on price realization in 2019. In terms of where is it coming from, it's very much in the core feedstock type of ingredients for the Fragrance business. Again, in my comments, I mentioned that we've had supply chain interruptions. We started the year and we were at mid-single digits including citral. We've had issues in suppliers in India. We've had fires in India. We've had shutdowns in China on some of the core ingredient suppliers – chemical ingredient suppliers. More recently, more environmental-related supply chain restrictions, and we're also starting to see situations where demand is coming from non-F&F markets for the same raw materials, which is creating a supply and demand pressure point, and we don't expect new capacity come on in the short term. So I think we're going to have to deal with it. Our customers understand what's driving it. We spend a lot of time walking them through the details, and then working with them in terms of how do we mitigate the impacts on both sides. So, it's going to continue. Unfortunately, we're in a period where it seems every six months something else is popping up and we're having to deal with it with our customers. We're probably going to have the third round of conversation with customers in a very short period around price increases that are necessary for us to protect our bottom line in the long run.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Okay. Thanks for that. And then just my second question is around Frutarom again. I guess, I'm still not convinced that this is – like, I guess, I'm looking for more comfort from you in terms of how much of the Frutarom sales issue this quarter were timing related? And perhaps if you could update us on what your outlook is for like the Frutarom sales and EBITDA for fiscal 2018? So how much of a snapback are you expecting in the fourth quarter? So, were the timing issues more just the first half was better or are they going to come back in the fourth quarter? And then related to that, now that you've owned the business for maybe a month, are there any surprises outside of the revenue shortfall in the third quarter? What are some of the key – biggest integration risks that you see around Frutarom? Just more color around that would be really helpful. Thanks.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure, Faiza. Obviously, it's hard to pinpoint it exactly. What I can tell you is we've been able to, as I said in my comments, so if we look at some specific issues, the colors business has a pricing issue related to changes in the underlying raw materials. But that's had a big impact in that business. I talked about the timing of orders and order patterns, both in the citrus business as well as part of the savory business. So I think that's part of the reason why we believe it's a unique circumstance. Undoubtedly, there is – one of the biggest challenges any company that's going through this type of combination has to deal with is distraction. We always do our best to try to keep everybody focused on both sides, but I can't – it's hard for me to sit there and say specifically how much of what we saw in Q3 is that. But I can tell you, again, if you take out these three or four specific items that we know what was driving it, we were more in line with the long-term expectations of that business of mid-single digit growth on a currency neutral basis.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: And then, as Andreas and I talked about in terms of the outlook and where we expect to see Q4, we are seeing and we do expect to see growth in Q4, probably not all the way back to where we would think it long-term, but certainly a marked improvement from what we saw in Q3.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: And that's actually very comforting, and particularly in the start into the quarter, which is really, really good. And again, I believe this early closing of the deal gives us a great opportunity to be ahead of schedule with our integration, because we just can – we have named our leaders already, the organization is in place and we can drive the performance. So, that's good. What have we learned during the months we owned the business? Actually nothing which is a super big surprise to us. Maybe the only thing and that's more positive is when I listened to the teams which are working together on the cross-selling opportunity, and I said it in the last couple of months, but it solidified my view that the opportunity we can cross-sell their products and vice versa into different customer bases with the technology is probably a bigger opportunity than we had sought at the beginning, and that really can drive value over time. And it will take some time, but the first signs are actually very, let's say, very encouraging. We had the first win actually on a West Coast customer where we helped the Frutarom team with our vanilla technology and vanilla formulation and that has led to a $3 million order, which they probably would never had received if we would not have helped out here, just to give one example. It's small, but it started earlier than I sought it. So that's how I would describe it.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Silke Kueck with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. How are you?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning. Very well. Thank you, Silke.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So there were a couple of acquisitions pending under Frutarom. And so I was wondering whether you can quantify what the – that maybe in like dollar terms, like, what the acquisitions of Frutarom added to Frutarom sales in the third quarter. What you expect for the fourth quarter and what you expect to – they may add in 2019?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Look, Silke, I think given that those – that the third quarter results are their numbers and we don't – I'm not comfortable disclosing that. I think in terms of M&A for – I mean we just continue to work together as you've heard Andreas and I talk about that we keep continue to work together on the pipeline. We've now reprioritized the comp – the two team's standalone pipelines into to a refined list based on our priorities and our needs going forward. We look to continue to execute against that pipeline. But I'm not – I really don't feel comfortable given the standalone nature of their results in Q3 coming in on the individual components of it?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: What you have seen so...
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Well, but...
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sorry. If I could add on this, Silke, what we have seen is that there were no acquisitions made this year during the process of the, let's say, the deal, let's say, the pre-deal months. But we have – as Rich said, actually we have a good pipeline of very value and technology-added opportunities. And I would not wonder if we could hopefully close two of these deals until the end of the year. They are smaller ones, but they would fit exactly into our wheelhouse. So, you see we're at a bit of a pause during that period. But now we are basically taking the combined pipeline with the new priorities and then going after it. And I think it will be a big success going forward.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I was just, like, interested in knowing what sort of, like, the acquisitions added that were already announced, not even like the things that may have happened between when the transaction was announced and at closing, just sort of like what was announced prior to acquiring Frutarom, of things that may have closed? I was just wondering what those acquisition benefits were for the quarter and what they may add for next year?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Look, again, they're going to disclose their results in the next two or three weeks. And then, we'll be in a better position to answer any questions at that point in time. I don't feel comfortable covering it right now.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. In terms of the DNA, and I apologize because I'm not as familiar with Frutarom as I could be. I thought that for the past two quarters that the D&A at Frutarom was something that was close to, like, $17 million a quarter, and what you said is you thought maybe it's something like $9 million a quarter?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Because we're just doing the amortization, not the D&A. So it's just adding back amortization.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, so amortization is $9 million of that, okay? That's helpful.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: That's correct.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then D is like another $8 million, okay. The last thing is more of a comment rather than a question, but I thought rather than having an aggressive accounting treatment on earnings, maybe it's helpful to just provide the EBITDA aspect of it because I get a separate EPS estimate rather than including all amortization, which just seems like an aggressive treatment.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I would disagree that it's an aggressive treatment. It's looking at the underlying profitability. But then, again, bridging – it's a simple way to bridge it back to cash flow generation. We've seen this done on several of the acquisitions of similar sizes. So I don't consider it aggressive. I'm trying to keep it, – the number of metrics that we have to communicate and monitor going forward to keep it simple.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hi, John.
Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: John.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: John?
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Can you hear me?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah, now we can.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes. We can now.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. On slide 18, are we going to get operating earnings for four segments or three segments?
Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Only three.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Three.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay.
Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: You're going to have Scent, Taste and then Frutarom.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: And then in terms of sales granularity reporting going forward, will we get the same granularity on Fragrances that we currently get, the regional plus Fine and Ingredients? And will we get any additional granularity on sales underneath the various Frutarom and Taste segments?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Look, John, we're going through that right now. But I would tell you that where I expect this to end up is we're going to report it the way we manage the business. So, on the Taste side of the business, we'll report along the regions, that's the way that business is run. On the Scent side, we'll report around the categories. And on the Frutarom side, I think we're getting around the regional numbers. Directionally, that's where we're headed.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Maybe just, I want to make sure on the guidance, that you can just clarify, the underlying IFF business, as we think about the fourth quarter and/or where the previous constant currency or currency neutral sales growth was, has that expectation changed in anyway? I know there was an embedded deceleration in growth in the prior guidance based on the tougher comps and you slowed a little bit this quarter. But I just wanted make sure I am understanding kind of what the assumption is on both the top line and then constant currency operating profit for the legacy business for 4Q?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No, no, nothing significant in terms of change, in terms of the legacy business, both in terms of top line and overall profitability. We're on target.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then just as we think about 2019, on the Frutarom side, again, going back to some of the questions on the decel implied in 3Q, I mean it's a pretty – the constant currency growth looks like they were up in the high-single digits, kind of the 8%, 9% range in the first half of the year. And I don't know – we don't know exactly where it was for 3Q, but it looks to be kind of flat to up slightly organically. I mean, the confidence of that is this is really just a timing of order patterns and are not something kind of more serious that would it impact the revenue growth into the next year, just some additional thoughts there?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No, actually not. Because the good thing is that fruit, the fruit business has a very wide and broad customer base, and it will be very unlikely that all of these customers also for the different categories decide all of a sudden not to buy. I think that gives us a great comfort that we will reaccelerate in terms of the growth. And we are in the middle of the budget process right now, and I hope in the next two or three weeks we will see how the numbers come out. But no big surprises here on this side, I would say it's actually what Rich alluded to, a couple of timing topics and on color, certainly the pricing topic. And then it were the weeks and the two months before we were doing the closing, and that certainly impacted the business as well. As we see, we are coming back right now and that's comforting for us. So that's how I would describe it. And I think it's important to see, because the portfolio has such a wide range of different portfolio topics, plus the broad customer base, that gives us actually good protection against downside movements in the mid and the long term. And that's the reason why we are reasonably optimistic here for the future.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Adam, just a quick follow-up on my side. Again, I don't see anything in the discussions with the team around the third quarter or any expectations that would change our long-term expectations for the business. I think you're right. As we look into 2019, certainly the first half and the first quarter in particular are going to have tougher comps, stronger growth in the first half than what we expect to see in the second half in 2018.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, Gunther.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Gunther.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Hey. Just a clarification on the amortization, the $220 million that you mentioned, just to make sure this includes also the non-Frutarom part of amortization that you're now including there. Thinking of David Michael, I think it was $7 million or so, and Fragrance Resources a few, so you're taking all of them together. And also on the amortization schedule, is there anything you can share at this point or when would you be able to give the phasing and the details around how to model that over the coming years? That's the first one. And the second one on free cash, more a longer-term question, you've been run-rating with the IFF legacy business for a number of years now very consistently around the 12% free cash flow to sales level per year. I appreciate that you have cash outflows as you integrate the business. But as a run rate, is there any reason to believe why the cash profile should be different from that?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Let me start with the first question, Gunther. In terms of the $220 million, it's really roughly $36 million for the historical Frutarom, $37 million roughly for legacy IFF amortization, and then the incremental – the difference to that to $220 million, which is call it $147 million, is our current estimates of what the step up is going to be. I don't think Bob has finished the calcs yet, so it's going to take us a while. I would certainly expect that to be the basis for 2019, but we'll have more clarity, I'd say midpoint of 2019 at the earliest, but we'll update everybody if anything changes materially. In terms of free cash flow generation, given the incremental step up, I would expect that ratio to go up. As we begin to see improvements on the IFF side in terms of working capital, we get through some of the inventory pressures that I've talked about earlier, both from a price and a supply chain issue, I think we will be able to drive further improvements from a working capital standpoint on legacy IFF businesses, and I think we see a significant opportunity, particularly on the payables side for the Frutarom business. So I think there's upside to the historical numbers that you were talking about.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Absolutely. And then if you go mid and longer term, also the CapEx will be ramped down, because we have on legacy IFF businesses, as you might know, still to finish our plant in India and in China and two big creative centers here in the U.S. And when we have done that, then the structure is actually in place. We need some CapEx investment on the legacy fruit business to absorb some of all our capacity here as well. But this is all done in the next two years, then CapEx will go down significantly. We had actually a CapEx discussion last Friday, and that will generate more free cash flow going forward as well. So that's how we see it, and it looks like it will go in the right direction.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: And that's all on the organic side. How do you think about providing capital to the Frutarom business to pursue acquisitions, and also what about the IFF legacy business looking for acquisitions longer term?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: It's in the business plan.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I think as I said earlier, we don't look at it anymore as Frutarom's historical M&A and our historical legacy M&A. It's now one combined pipeline that's based on this strategy and the prioritized segments that we see going forward for the combined businesses. We're not done with all that work yet, but there are things that are in the pipeline that we are confident with, and we continue to work to pursue those.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Andreas's comment about CapEx, on a combined basis, I do see that coming down to probably somewhere between 3% and 3.5% on a combined basis after we get through 2019 and 2020 with all the integration work.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Yeah.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So we have built into our cash flow projections, we have built into our leverage ratios incremental M&A over the next three years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning, thanks very much, a few quick ones. First, can you characterize the margin differential between Fine Fragrance and Fragrance ingredients? Is one materially higher than the other, and any comment about that? Second, what can you – there was just a lot of great discussion about CapEx relative to depreciation. Can you give us a full-year run rate depreciation number, and then roughly what a full-year CapEx number looks like pro forma right now, depreciation versus CapEx for 2018 for the combined businesses on a full-year basis? And third and finally, how did you get a $9.8 million settlement from a supplier related to a prior recall? I haven't quite seen that before. Thank you.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay. Let me start with the Fine Fragrance versus Fragrance ingredients, and I'm going to put – I'm going to take the cosmetic actives out of that comparison. I think on a gross margin basis, there's a significant difference. On a return on sales basis, it's much closer to – they're much closer to each other, given the relative overheads of those two businesses. So they're both attractive on an accretive basis, but gross margin wise, if you think about mix, Fine Fragrance is significantly higher than the Fragrance Ingredients business. CapEx as a percent of sales, I have to come back to you on that one. I think for – let me come back to you on that one. I don't want to guess and do my math in my head over the call. In terms of the insurance recovery, again, this is related to the product recall issue we settled with our customer last year. We wrote the check in early part of 2018. And then, we've gone back to the vendor's insurance company and worked on getting reimbursement from them, because they had their own product liability insurance and that's where the money came from.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Got you, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Lambert with Raymond James.
Patrick Lambert - Raymond James Financial International Ltd.: Good morning. Thanks for taking a few questions, very simple. Could you quantify a bit the parts of Frutarom that are getting into Taste and Scent? I think IBR is pretty small, but I don't know to model the flavors North America. If you could help us in that? And the second is regarding again the modeling of integration, in particular, the cost that you will incur in restructuring. I think you commented on the overall amount, but if you're a bit more clear on when the timing of the spending in Q4 and I guess 2019? Thank you.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Patrick, could you just repeat the second part of that question, because I'm not sure I got it?
Patrick Lambert - Raymond James Financial International Ltd.: Yeah. I was – can you hear me?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead, sorry.
Patrick Lambert - Raymond James Financial International Ltd.: Yeah. Just I guess like everybody were trying to fully integrate now Frutarom in our model. And I was trying to forecast the integration costs that you've mentioned at the time of the acquisition. And if you had a bit more precise picture on the timing of the spending already in Q4 and 2019?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure. No problem. So on the internal transfers of IBR and the North American flavors, it's really, it's small. So it's insignificant, again. So, it's not a big number. It's not going to impact the regional numbers much at all. In terms of the integration costs spend, I think it's what Andreas said earlier, I think the bulk of that, the CapEx as well as I would expect that the bulk of those things to be both in 2019 and 2020...
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: ...with a slight lag, I would say in terms of the severance costs by a quarter or two. But I think the bulk of it's going to be in 2019 and 2020.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: And I would now like to turn the call back over to Andreas for closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you very much for all these great questions. We'll follow up in the one-on-one calls as usually and have a great day, and it's Election Day.
[07BDC1-E Rich O'Leary]: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. [07BDC1-E Rich O'Leary] Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.
Analysts: Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Heidi Vesterinen - Exane BNP Paribas Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd. John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Fintan Ryan - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom) Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Patrick Lambert - Raymond James Financial International Ltd. Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Brett Hundley - The Vertical Trading Group LLC
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances' Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. Participants will be announced by their name and company. In order to give all participants an opportunity to ask their questions, we request a limit of one question per person. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's second quarter 2018 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regards to the outlook for the third quarter and full year 2018. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on February 22, 2018 and our press release that we filed yesterday. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued yesterday and is available on our website. I would like to also remind everyone that all statements relate to future results and events, including the proposed merger, are forward-looking statements and are based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those discussed here. Please refer to the information on the disclaimer slide as well as the additional information contained in the regulatory filings of both companies. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rich O'Leary. We will start with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have. With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. On the call today, our plan is to review our financial results for the second quarter and the first half of 2018. Provide an update on our financial expectations for the full year, excluding the impact of Frutarom and give insights into the strong progress we have made relative to the Frutarom transaction. Then, we will be happy to take any questions that you may have as usual. Starting with a recap of our first half 2018 performance, growth was strong across all of our key financial metrics and in line with the objectives we set out for ourselves earlier this year. Currency neutral sales increased 6% in the first half, with both business units growing 6%, respectively. New win performance, volume growth on existing business and price increases to offset rising material cost all contributed to consolidated growth. From a profitability perspective, currency neutral adjusted operating profit grew 5% as volume improvements and our focus to drive greater efficiencies throughout our business via costs and productivity initiatives continue to support overall profitability. Currency neutral adjusted EPS improved 10%, driven by improvements in adjusted operating profit, as well as a more favorable effective tax rate. I'm very pleased to also report that we are making strong progress against our four refreshed strategic priorities. Solidifying our position to drive differentiation, sales of our sweetness and savory modulation portfolio continued to grow strong double digits across all categories led by savory and dairy. PowderPure, our platform for clean label solutions, grew an impressive triple digits as we continue to scale this unique and differentiated technology. Performance with local and regional customers also remained strong, growing double that of our global customers. And it's a trend that we see across both business units. In Flavors specifically, our mid-sized go-to-market platform Tastepoint continues to deliver strong results, improving strong double digits in the first half of 2018. In terms of maximizing our portfolio, driving growth in our most margin accretive categories, cosmetic active ingredients continued its robust growth trend by improving very strong double digits. And hair care, home care, and toiletries improved high single digits. In Flavors, growth was strong in dairy and beverage, improving double digits and high single digits respectively. We also remain diligent in our focus to drive greater efficiencies in our business, allowing us to reallocate resources to efforts that drive the greatest returns. This yielded strong results in the first half 2018 as our cost of productivity initiatives, including zero-based budgeting, added approximately 5 percentage points of growth to currency neutral adjusted operating profit and EPS growth. All in all, we believe all parties are well-positioned in our strategy to drive long-term value for shareholders. Our pending transaction with Frutarom, which I will touch on in more detail shortly, will support and accelerate efforts across all of these pillars. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Rich.
[07BDC1-E Rich O'Leary]: Thanks, Andreas. And moving on to our Q2 performance, currency neutral sales in the second quarter grew 5%. Growth was broad based as all regions and categories across both Flavors and Fragrances posted solid results. From a profitability standpoint, currency neutral adjusted operating profit declined 2% in the second quarter, as top line growth and the benefits associated with cost and productivity initiatives were more than offset by the impact of higher raw material costs, including the previously announced BASF citral supply issue. Pricing was up about 1.5 percentage points in the quarter on a consolidated basis. However, as expected, it did not offset raw material pressure in our Fragrance business unit. As we move through the back half of the year, we expect the price to raw material cost dynamic to improve as pricing takes hold in Fragrances. We are pleased that despite these challenges, we were able to achieve 8% currency neutral adjusted EPS growth as we benefited from a more favorable year-over-year effective tax rate and higher other income. Looking at our business unit performance for the second quarter, Flavors currency neutral sales increased 6% with growth coming in all categories and all regions. It should be noted that on a two-year average basis, growth was very strong at approximately 9%. North American Flavors improved 9% in the second quarter led by high-single digit growth at Tastepoint and strong new wins in beverage, dairy, and sweet. EAME increased 5% on a currency neutral basis led by strong double-digit growth in Africa and the Middle East, as well as mid-single-digit growth in Europe. Greater Asia grew 2% in the second quarter on a currency neutral basis. A strong double-digit growth in China and India was largely offset by softness in Indonesia and Thailand. Latin America increased 8% on a currency neutral basis led by strong double-digit growth in Argentina and Mexico. Flavors currency neutral segment profit grew approximately 6% led primarily by volume growth and the benefits from our ongoing cost and productivity initiatives. In terms of currency neutral segment profit margin, we achieved margin expansion year-over-year of approximately 10 basis points to 24.3%. Fragrance currency neutral sales improved 5% driven by broad-based region and category growth. From a category perspective, consumer fragrances grew 5% on a currency neutral basis. As growth was achieved in all categories led by double-digit growth in hair care, as well as mid-single digit increases in toiletries, home care, and fabric care. Fine fragrances improved 1% on a currency neutral basis against the very strong 11% comparison in the prior year period. Growth was led by double-digit increase in Latin America and low single-digit growth in North America. It should be noted that EAME and Greater Asia were soft. However, it was due to a strong year-over-year comparison of 19% and 25%, respectively. Fragrance ingredient sales were up 10% on a currency neutral basis with growth in three of our four regions, driven by improvements in volume and higher pricing related to raw material costs. From a profit perspective, Fragrance currency neutral segment profits decreased 9% on a currency neutral basis, as volume growth and cost and productivity benefits were more than offset by higher price to input costs, including the BASF citral issue. As I mentioned, as we move through the back half of the year, we expect the price to raw material cost dynamic to improve as pricing takes effect. In terms of currency neutral segment profit margin, our profit profile remains solid yet was under pressure year-over-year. Before I move on, I want to provide some more commentary on the raw material environment. Coming into the year, we expected mid-single digit raw material inflation in 2018, inclusive of the impact of the citral situation, with that heavier based in the Fragrance business unit. Since that time, cost inflation has picked up following a series of disruptions in the supply chain. There have been fires at several ingredient suppliers, increased environmental actions on suppliers in China, and to a lesser extent, rising oil prices. Based on what we're seeing today, we expect incremental inflationary pressure as we exit 2018 and head into 2019. It remains imperative that we achieve incremental price increases or identify other actions in unison with our customers to ensure we cover our raw material cost exposure over time. Operating cash flow was $55 million compared to $58 million for the first half of the year. Performance was primarily impacted by a product recall payment as we previously disclosed, as well as costs associated with the bridge loan commitment fees, the combination of which was approximately $40 million. In addition, there was an increased level of working capital. Working capital was primarily impacted by higher inventory due to rising raw material cost, increased volume associated with the pre-building of inventory related to citral issue, and higher than anticipated sales volumes. Over the course of the year, we expect all the elements of working capital to improve. From a capital allocation standpoint, we spent approximately $67 million in capital expenditures or about 3.6% of sales. And we continue to believe we'll spend approximately 4% to 5% of sales in 2018 on CapEx. Regarding cash return to shareholders, in the first half, we spent approximately $109 million on dividend payouts and $15 million on share repurchases. As part of the Frutarom combination, we have paused our share repurchase program as we prepare for the financing of the transaction and prioritize debt repayments going forward. Also, last week, our board of directors authorized a 6% increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.73 per share on the company's common stock. The increased dividend reflects the board's confidence in the cash generation potential and financial strength of the company. We will maintain a disciplined approach to capital allocation as we continue to accelerate growth through organic investments and strategic acquisitions, while returning significant capital to shareholders. As we look towards the balance of the year, I want to provide some commentary on our financial expectations excluding the Frutarom transaction. All of our currency neutral metrics have not changed. Based on our strong year-to-date performance and our current outlook for the second half of the year, we are reconfirming our previously stated full year currency neutral guidance. As world currencies versus the dollar continue to fluctuate, we do expect to see an impact in terms of our top line. Based on current rates, we believe that we will have a 2 percentage point benefit on consolidated sales growth versus 3% previously indicated. While many currencies have an impact, the largest is the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate. On an adjusted profit and adjusted EPS basis, we anticipate the benefit of FX to be the same as previously communicated, due primarily to our 12 to 18 month rolling hedging program and movements of various other currencies. For your reference, please note that we remain hedged at approximately 80% on the euro, profit exposure at $1.15 for 2018 and are approximately hedged at 35% at $1.23 for 2019. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Andreas, who would walk you through an update on Frutarom transaction.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Rich. First, I would like to reiterate that we continue to be very excited about the combination and it will create a global leader in natural taste, scent and nutrition with an expected 2018 pro forma sales of $5.3 billion and it is a win for both companies' shareholders. Together, IFF and Frutarom will have a broader customer base, more diversified product offerings and an increased market penetration. We will instantly become a leader in natural solutions. We will also strengthen our exposure to fast-growing small and mid-sized customer accounts, gain new opportunities in attractive and fast-growing adjacencies and enhance our global reach. We also anticipate cost synergies through raw material harmonization, footprint optimization and streamlining overhead expenses. Additional cross-selling opportunities and integrated solutions are expected to provide revenue synergies to our shareholders over time. Both organizations have a strong talent base, comprising thousands of extraordinary employees globally. And through our integration planning work, we continue to be confident in the opportunities that lie ahead and the ability of the combination to accelerate profitable growth, enhance free cash flow, and generate greater returns for our IFF shareholders. Since the announcement of the deal on May 7, we really have made strong advancements towards the deal close, and I would like to give you an update on a few. On Monday, Frutarom received shareholder approval for the transaction. Of the votes cast at the special general meeting, about 95% were in favor of the proposed merger, representing approximately 75% of all outstanding shares. We are pleased that Frutarom shareholders have approved the combination with IFF, marking another milestone in our path to unlock the value creation potential of the combined company. We continue to have comprehensive pre-close meetings and discussions on talent, R&D, adjacencies, and business and functional integration to ensure that when this transaction closes, we are ready to execute and drive profitable growth by capitalizing on the best of both organizations. We also want to take a moment to reiterate our intention to remain listed on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange upon completion of the transaction. Given the progress to-date, we now expect to close in the fourth quarter of 2018, earlier than our previously communicated timeline of six to nine months from May 7 announcement. This timing continues to be driven primarily by the completion of the remaining anti-trust reviews. To ensure the most successful integration, we have structured our approach in a very disciplined manner with strong and dedicated teams, foundational in our approach of four guiding principles. The first includes the establishment of a cross-functional team across both organizations directly involving about 75 people committed 30% to 100% of their time to the integration depending on the nature of their role. To complement and support this team, we have engaged external advisors such as leading consulting from across a variety of specialties. Our second core principle is to protect the core business and deliver the plan. As both organizations are entering the transaction as a position of strength, it's very important that we do not lose focus and continue to deliver strong financial performance. At the same time, the integration team is responsible for realizing our targeted cost synergies and capture cross-selling opportunities. Leading the integration for us is Francisco Fortanet and Amos Anatot for Frutarom. Francisco is the EVP of Operations for IFF and has extensive experience leading manufacturing procurement plus strong cross-functional leadership, robust commercial support and expertise bringing innovation to market. Amos is the EVP of Global Supply Chain and Operation for Frutarom and has a robust knowledge of the day-to-day operations at Frutarom and is actively involved in all business aspects. Together, both are excited and very engaged to ensure the successful completion and integration of our two great companies. Aligned with our second core principle to protect growth trajectory of both businesses, we are structuring our Day 1 Model to ensure that once the transaction closes, Frutarom will remain as a standalone unit for now and will maintain their current to go market strategy given they are a very customer-centric organization, it is critical that we limit the changes on the front end of the business. We want to ensure that there are zero disruption to customers and they continue to provide their products as effectively and efficiently as they have done in the past. To drive cost synergy realization, which I will cover in more details in a moment, we plan to leverage IFFs global expertise and shared service model. As time progresses, we will slowly centralize various group functions to further unlock value. Simultaneously, we intend to drive cross-selling to sharing our vast technologies and categories expertise across the organization. While going through the integration process, there will be areas where we selectively lift and shift as appropriate based on the long-term strategy of the business. One example is the cosmetic active ingredients where we are moving Frutarom's business into our LMC infrastructure. As we outlined on May 7, we plan to unlock significant cost synergies related to the Frutarom acquisitions. I'd now like to give you a bit more clarity on where the $145 million cost synergies target will come from and the estimated timing of this. We expect approximately 40% of the cost synergies targeted to come from procurement, as we accelerate the rationalization and harmonization of raw materials across both organizations. Activities include make versus buy, vendor consolidation, centralization of spend which will all contribute to the savings. Approximately 30% will come from operations, as we optimize the global footprint. Given the large infrastructure of both organizations, approximately 110 sites on a combined basis, there are a lot of potential options to optimize our combined footprint. Out of the anticipated $145 million of our run rate cost synergies, we estimate approximately 20% to 30% to come from streamlining of overhead expenses. It should be noted that less than 10% will come from business development as we are taking steps to ensure the preservation of the customer service levels at both companies. In terms of timing, we anticipate $145 million of run rate cost synergies for the third full year after closing with approximately 25% achieved in 2019, 17% in 2020, and the remainder in 2021. In addition to the cost synergies, and that's where I'm most excited about, we believe there's a strong potential to drive accelerated growth by capitalizing on revenue synergies. Stepping back not only does this combination create a global leader in taste, scent and nutrition, the combined organization will have the broadest customer base and strongest product offering and deepest markets penetration in our industry. With respect to customers, we at IFF are extremely well-positioned with global multinationals. Out of our approximately 3,000 customers, 50% of our sales are global customers where we are participant on nearly all global correlates. The balance, our sales, our local and regional customers, strategic focus for us where we are utilizing mid-tier customer go-to-market model like Tastepoint. Frutarom, on the other hand, has approximately 30,000 customers of which 70% are small, mid-sized, and private label accounts. By putting us together, we will have a very strong distribution network ranging from the largest global customers to start-ups and private label accounts. In terms of product, we pride ourselves in our ability to bring differentiating and unique innovation to the market. With approximately 8% of our sales spend in R&D, we have developed industry-leading technologies across various areas, including modulation, delivery, natural cosmetics and so on. And our pipeline right now is as well-filled as it was never in the history of IFF. Frutarom has a leading natural portfolio. 75% of their consolidated sales, as well as access to adjacent technologies, such as natural savory solutions, natural colors, natural food protection and health ingredients. The combination will create a comprehensive portfolio, with a potential for integrated solutions to offer our customers one of the strongest portfolios in the industry. Together, both organizations will further penetrate key markets around the world. IFF has a leading market share in Greater Asia and Latin America, as well as strong positions in North America and Western Europe. Frutarom is a great complement, as they have very strong exposure to key emerging markets and a complementary position in developed markets. While we haven't quantified the contribution of revenue synergies yet, we look forward to driving incremental growth by capitalizing on these uniquely beneficial positions. I would like to provide an update on the antitrust approval process. We are currently on-track, as all applications have been submitted to the eight countries that we needed to file. In June, we have already received approval in the U.S. and have recently received approval in Israel. The rest, we are waiting feedback and under normal circumstances, expect to conclude the process in the fourth quarter. Rich, can you please take us through deal financing consideration.
[07BDC1-E Rich O'Leary]: Thank you, Andreas. Given our progress to-date and as we prepare for financing the transaction, we want to briefly give an update on the sources and uses of funds. From a source of funds perspective, we're providing approximately $2 billion of new equity to Frutarom shareholders at closing of the deal. We'll then be issuing about $2.2 billion of new equity issuance to the market. Of the $2.2 billion, approximately 67% is expected to become an equity and approximately 33% tangible equity units. From a debt standpoint, we'll be taking on approximately $3.1 billion of new debt financing. Within this debt financing, we'll be using a combination of 10 and 30-year U.S. dollar bonds, as well as Euro public bonds with maturities. The remainder will be cash on hand from the balance sheet. In terms of uses of funds, we'll be delivering approximately $2 billion of equity and $4.3 billion of cash to Frutarom shareholders. Then we will be retiring approximately $900 million of debt on both sides, on both the IFF side as well as Frutarom. All of this was done while maintaining our focus by keeping an investment grade rating. Back to you Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thanks, Rich. Let's summarize. We're very pleased with our performance of the first half of 2018. Sales growth was robust at 6% with growth across both business units. We also have achieved strong improvement in currency neutral adjusted operating profit and currency neutral adjusted EPS. Based on our year-to-date performance our current outlook for the second half of the year, we have reconfirmed our previously stated full year currency neutral guidance. On this strong foundation, we are pleased to have made great advancements towards the Frutarom deal close, faster than our original expectations. We are very excited that together, the combination of IFF and Frutarom will have a broader customer base, more diversified product offerings, and an increased market penetration. It will create a global leader in natural taste, scent, and nutrition with a very attractive financial profile in terms of growth, profit, and cash flow which is expected to unlock significant value for our shareholders. With that, we would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, thanks and good morning, everybody.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Mark.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hi, Mark.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey. So, wanted to ask first just on a logistic standpoint. So sales growth expectations for the back half of the year, so there's a pretty large implied range from guidance. There's obviously a much tougher comparison. So I guess any sort of broader strokes you can give on how to think about that including how much pricing should we expect given the commentary about incremental input cost pressures and the underlying volumes as well as new wins?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure, Mark. I think couple things from me as I think about it. We've been talking since the end of last year certainly in the first two quarters that a big component of the higher growth in the first half of this year was the volume on existing business, so – and we've expressed and I certainly have expressed an expectation that that will soften. I think overall on a two-year basis, the numbers are fairly consistent first half, second half. But I do think the mix is going to change where I think our win performance is pretty consistent. There are good rates. Our commercial performance are good. But I think in the second half of the year, we're expecting a decrease in the impact associated with volume and existing business, and an increase in the pricing impact. As I said in the second quarter, we're about 1.5 points of pricing impact in Q2 and I'd expect that to be higher than that in the second half of this year.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So, I guess kind of putting that together then it sounds like you're expecting basically the two year to weaken somewhat, but maybe not as much as, I guess, I would have thought given incremental pricing, is that fair?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes, very fair.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just switching more to a strategic question, Andreas, I guess I want to understand a bit more what gives you conviction in commentary you had before about sustainability of Frutarom is about 6%, core sales growth in the context of what seems like some increasing competition within the natural space from competitors, not just Givaudan Naturex, but just sort of broader strokes as customers out there move towards cleaner labels and more healthful products?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. Well, I think that's a very fair question and an important question for us, as well as, we are redoing now our strategy. Let me answer it in a way that, first of all, we have now probably the broadest customer base in the industry. So, a lot of business is done with the mid-sized and smaller customers, where we expect to have higher growth rates going forward than our core business. Secondly, if you look at the categories, we have now a portfolio as a combined company – or we will have, after closing – which gives us the ability to move categories which have good and high growth rates like natural colors, for example, and we mentioned then, natural color that's still a trend which where we have, let's say, the exchange from synthetic to natural colors in the U.S. just in front of us, where we will see high growth rates going forward. So, the customer base and the categories give us good confidence that the growth rate will be really, really good, despite the competition in some of these areas, but the market is so big that we believe that will not hamper our ability to have a fast growing business in front of us. And if you're combining both, I believe it – we can see a good uptick in the growth rate here.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: First thing I would ask about was just the commentary on the incremental inflation. So, it sounded like both there's incremental inflation versus the outlook six months ago for the second half of the year and also very much heading into 2019. And so, I just wanted to be clear on expectations for the back half, is there incremental pricing going in? Do you have visibility? I mean it sounds that way from – you've said you're reiterating – but how you're going to be covering that incremental inflation that's kind of close in. And then also as you're looking into 2019, just to maybe try to help us square the kind of rate of inflation we're talking about, because if you're discussing needing to work with customers on solutions outside of pricing it suggests that it's a pretty severe rate. Thanks.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, Lauren. It's Rich. Yeah. I think – look, as I indicated in my comments, I think, we started the year, we ended last year, started this year, we expected inclusive of citral and the BASF issue to be mid-single digits. It's now above that given the other dynamics. I think what we feel good about is that the vast majority of our discussions and pricing negotiations with our customers have been completed. And so, it's a matter of phasing those in; we've talked about that in the past. These things don't happen overnight, but we're confident in our ability to recover those increases over time. As I think about next year, I – what our current view of what we're seeing today, I mean obviously we expect this – the BASF situation to normalize in the second half of this year, so that will relieve some of the pressure. I think that as we see it today, input costs next year are probably going to be in the low to mid-single-digit level.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then I'm not sure if you'll be able to comment on this yet, but the Frutarom outlook, I think sort of implies that they are baking in some incremental M&A before year-end. I mean, to what degree do you have visibility on that because that's one piece that's where the forward look that's left me a little bit less comfortable, assuming M&A for something that's about to be bought, sort of a – a bit of a funny dynamic – so, anything you can offer there would be great.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Look, in general, what we said when we announced the deal is that we certainly want to go ahead with a model of good acquisitions on this business and particularly on the adjacent businesses. Probably not at the same rate as Frutarom is doing it because some of them were just geographic expansions where we probably don't need it because we are, as a combined company, are very well covering the globe. We know and we have visibility of their pipeline in terms of deals. I can't give you any details, but there's certainly a good pipeline, and there are deals to be happen over time. And that's what I can say for now. Yeah, and we are planning our business model for money to be spent on M&A on this side as well. So, that's what I probably can announce today.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heidi Vesterinen with Exane BNP Paribas.
Heidi Vesterinen - Exane BNP Paribas: Hi. Good morning. So a question on the pro forma business as well. I think in the past year, you had talked about increasing profitability through the combination. As you know, there's a debate on the market about how high margins can go. Some people are saying there's a cap. So, where – do you still see significant margin potential for yourself and more broadly in the industry, please? Thank you.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes, Heidi. And in particular, when you look at the change in product portfolio and customer portfolio going forward, what we certainly see is that in some of the adjacent businesses, you have good margins and probably better margins than in the core F&F business. And now, it's up for us actually to manage our portfolio in a way that we see a margin increase over time for the total corporation. I'd give you just one example. You might remember when we moved three years ago into the active cosmetics, that's a very high margin business, at least the piece or part where we are playing in. And we see now some of these businesses coming to us as well with Frutarom. And now, we are right now in the middle of the discussion in terms of strategy, what are the product categories we really want to push to move ahead on that time. Certainly, it's true on the core F&F business. It's not easy to push the margin up and up, but we'll see, let's say, the acceleration of the different portfolios, I think. And then don't forget that we have the cost synergies for us as well, and they will help us on the margin side, and particularly when you look at procurement and at the manufacturing footprint, because that's another driver for us for margin. So, it was probably a little bit of a long-winded answer, but I wanted to give you some details, but the answer is, yes, we can move it up.
Heidi Vesterinen - Exane BNP Paribas: Thanks. And if I could squeeze in a very quick short one. On the citral issue, is there any scope to get compensated after this disruption perhaps from the supplier? Thank you.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, Heidi, we're looking at every possibility there in terms of obviously working with our customers. Our priority, number one priority, has been to maintain surety of supply with our customers and figure out the best way to work with them. From there, we'll look at any other option out there.
Heidi Vesterinen - Exane BNP Paribas: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys. Nice quarter.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hey, Mike. Thank you.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Mike.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: When you think about the slide 20 and 21, appreciate the update on integration approach and such. And so I understand you're keeping Frutarom separate, makes a lot of sense. Can you give us a little bit of color how you plan to change the culture within Frutarom? A lot of different businesses that have been bought over the years, what's sort of the plan inside that box to integrate that and make that more efficient?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Mike, that's certainly something where we're looking to it right now to look what really makes sense to change or what makes sense to keep. We have to say that there's certainly some elements like the nimbleness and the customer focus we like a lot. We certainly will not change that. So, there are a couple of elements actually within the culture where we have to take to consideration whether we make them even bigger within the combined company. But we are in the middle of the assessment to do it. We will also, in day one, integrate some business already as I've said we lift and shift. But it has to make sense and we can't jeopardize the top line growth, because that's so important for both businesses. That's the reason, why we have also kept our business people really focused on our core business and doing the integration basically in the back office work. Okay. And we can give you certainly more details over the next couple of months, when we are coming closer to closing and after closing certainly as well.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Sure. And then in terms of revenues synergies, you have three buckets that you talked about. Is there any particular – is it going to be quicker to see the synergies in either of the three buckets, all three buckets that just sort of, want to see also where and how soon some of these little areas can come in?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Look, it's actually an easy answer, but maybe not always as easy done. It's basically – we give them access to our technology and what we have seen so far when we disclose some of the technology to them there's a lot of excitement around that. What they can do with it with their own customer base. Usually, they have small and mid-sized customers. So, I expect actually a pretty quick uptake of this kind of business or top line synergy on this side. On the other hand, they have all the adjacent businesses which we can sell into our bigger customers as well. And there's actually a lot of excitement on our bigger customers side as well, what they can do there. For example, an interesting company, it's called Taura. They have a technology, which is very complementary to our PowderPure technology, which goes into natural solutions. And we are right now talking how we can bring this together and make sure that this gives a great offering to our customers. So, there are a lot of discussions, but it means basically our technology into their customer base and it means their adjacency into our customer base. And that's what we are working on it. And we haven't put too much of these revenue synergies already into our plan, because we said we want to be really diligent to go over it and then make really good plans. How to do it in the best way and when we have our, let's say, first, let's say, investor conference after the closure, we certainly will disclose some of it. Okay?
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. When you calculate currency neutral operating profit growth, is the base what you actually reported last year or is it a different base that's currency neutral that's not immediately visible?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, Mike, what we do is – no, Jeff. Sorry. Sorry.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: It's all right.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: You see Rich still has a little bit of the summer cold, which I – but he will give the answer.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Perfect – perfect timing for this.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. We take the prior year and then we're adjusting prior year results to current year exchange rates. Keep in mind, though, keep in mind that when you're looking at last year's reported numbers, the pension accounting change which may – which is a pretty significant number where the pension income is no longer reflected in operating profits now and other income and expense.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I just say that since your analysis of your own results rely so much on currency neutral values, you might simply supply those values so that your financial statements are somewhat more transparent. And since it's simply a translation or currency neutral, I don't think it would give away anything competitive. And just secondly, can you describe what the tangible common equity units are in a little bit more detail and what's the timing of your equity financing?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure. In terms of the – in terms of the financing, we expect to go – to do the debt and equity raise – equity first, debt second in the middle of September. The exact dates, we're still working through that. In terms of the tangible equity units, they're issued at a premium and they have both a debt – they both have a – they convert from a tangible equity unit into common shares. At the future, they have an interest component to that. And the premium allows the company to benefit up to a cap on growth in our share price over the three-year period that gets the upside in terms of as our – as we deliver upon the plan, the shares reflects that we'll have a lower dilution effect.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Good. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Hi. Good morning, everyone. From what you said about pricing versus raw material costs, I found that very interesting. Do you expect higher gross margins in the second half this year compared to last?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Compared to last year?
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Second half last year.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No. No. I mean, I think what we expect to see is that if you look at the pressure – year-over-year pressure that we saw in the second quarter, I would expect the second half of the year be better than that or less year-over-year pressure.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Pressure from raw materials, but also – less pressure, but also better pricing from what you said, so higher...
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes. So...
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: ...gross margins in the second half 2018 versus 2017?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. So, I mean, if you look at the second quarter numbers, we were down about 200 basis points year-over-year in Q2. As we get the pricing in the second half of this year, I would expect that decline to decrease in the second half of the year.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Okay. That's very clear. Thanks. And then just on the second quarter itself, on the gross margin. Can you help me split out what – how big the effects were between the ongoing raw material cost inflation and the citral impacts? And I think, you already mentioned the 1.5% price in Q2, if I have that right?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes, so pricing was about 1.5%.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Because you don't provide that bridge anymore that you used to.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes. So, let me give you the background. So, yeah, as I said, 1.5% of price increases. When you – as I just mentioned, we were down about 200 basis points year-over-year on gross margins. All of that can be attributed actually slightly more than that. But all of that can be attributed to net price to input cost, the dynamic. And as best as I can – we can estimate it, it's split roughly 50/50 between the citral issue and the other price increases. And as I said, it's a timing issue that we expected to normalize over the balance of the year and into early next year.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: That's great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Your mysterious largest shareholder, Winder, increased their position in your stock again recently. That surprised me a little bit given they'll be able to buy all they want on the secondary offering in a month or so. Have you talked to them about participating in the secondary?
Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hey, John. It's Mike. From a largest shareholder perspective, look, we've had pretty lengthy conversation with them with respect to every ongoing institutional investor we have. They remain passive evident with their filing of their 13-G, so there's no change there. With respect to secondary offering, unfortunately, we don't disclose the process. But what I can say is that there's technical rules that they have to abide by given their size. So, it's ongoing conversations as we move forward, more to come.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then, secondly, are you concerned at all about the persistent low growth in the Greater Asian flavors business? You had an easy comp this quarter as against minus 2% a year ago, and you haven't had a comp above 2% in over a year.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No, actually not because we are happy that finally we were turning or we are turning around the situation in China. We have good growth in China in the Flavors business. What is in, let's say, an issue for us was Indonesia because we have a big business in Indonesia and the market is pretty soft that what's taking the growth rate down. But eventually that will come back. The rest of the Asian business is performing very well, and as I said, in particular, John, China, we are happy to be back. Interesting enough, as you might recall, the whole thing goes back to our factory issue we had in 2015. So, it took us longer to recover. We have now a second manufacturing plant actually in place and we will open it in the fourth quarter of this year. So, we have a backup plan and we believe that China will be for us a good growth country going forward. And now even, we see the consolidation of Frutarom even better because we will get some of their volume basically into our factories as well.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Maybe just a clarification on the guidance, a lot of ground covered today. There is a pretty sharp deceleration implied in second half currency neutral sales growth and understanding the comps get considerably tougher, especially in Fragrance, but you've got better pricing expected to flow through. Is it such that you think volumes are actually down year-on-year in the back half either company-wide or at least in the Fragrance? And if so, is it just – is it just comp or is there anything on win rates or customer order patterns that would make you think that? I just want to make sure I understand some of the moving pieces in there.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No. Again, I think as I said, as I mentioned earlier, overall, when we look at on a two-year basis, it's – there's not any significant change. What I do believe – what we do see happening is that the first half of this year, lower comps but a big bigger chunk of the improvement was volume on existing business. The growth – the volume on existing business were above, let's call it, five-year norms. Our win rates and impact of new wins was consistent with the five long-term trends. So, we were not seeing anything slowing or increasing there. And so, we expect to see a slowdown in the volume on existing business that'll be offset by pricing.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just below the line, tax rate has come in, I think, below kind of the expectations at the beginning of the year. Is there an expectation that you see a notable pickup in tax in the back half or what's the full-year expected rate?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. So, for the first half of the year, we're – between 2018 and 2019, I would expect we're going to end the year between 19% and 20%.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then there's no – the financing for Frutarom is not embedded in the EPS outlook for the year, is that correct?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No, no. Everything related to that is excluded at this point.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fintan Ryan with Berenberg.
Fintan Ryan - Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (United Kingdom): Good morning, gentlemen. Two questions from me, please. Firstly, in terms of the integration with the Frutarom deal on the Frutarom side, given that we are a few months further down the line, have you thought about or have you seen any impact so far in terms of some Frutarom employee turnover? And would you be confident that most of the core management team there will remain with IFF and help that integration process post-acquisition, particularly given that I felt that the Frutarom shareholders rejected the bonus, the $20 million bonus proposed for the CEO of Frutarom. How does IFF intend to keep him compensated or interested in the business? And then in terms of the regulatory approvals, would you anticipate any issues in terms of some of the larger markets where Frutarom operates like Russia and Europe and the European Union? Is there a potential for any divestments that you can see at this stage or do you think it's just merely marketing exercise to get the regulatory approvals? Thank you.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Well, thank you, Fintan. Let me start with the last one first. On the regulatory side, we don't see any issues and we don't expect to have to divest any business before we get the regulatory approval which is positive. And that made us actually believe that the fourth quarter is good for closing, which is ahead of the initial timeline we have given to ourselves. We are very happy about that. On the talent side for the integration, we haven't seen any significant departures, and we believe that many of the senior leaders will have a good position within IFF and will stay. And we are very happy with many of the talented people who will join the new IFF in the new makeup of the company and help us driving growth.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: From my standpoint, Fin, I mean, I think, we're also – obviously, we have a completely separate work stream around talent management and the people. As Andreas' previous comments in his prepared remarks, very strong talent base. Part of that work stream is identifying who those key people are and reaching out to them and having discussions before closing in terms of what the vision is for the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Faiza.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. I just wanted to go back first to pricing in the quarter. If you could just update us on – or give us more color around where the pricing is coming from? Like is it more – my sense is that it's coming maybe more from the smaller customers – and then you expect in the back half to get more pricing from your more global customers? And then maybe if you could disaggregate sort of how much of it is coming from Fragrances versus Flavors? And within Fragrances, how much is Fragrance Ingredients versus the other components?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure, Faiza. I mean, in general, I would say that the pricing is skewed towards Fragrances versus Flavors. And then within that, it's a balance between Compounds and the Ingredients business was, you know, we've talked in the past, Fragrance Ingredients business generally works off a six-month contract. So, they generally – the impact is seen sooner on the Ingredients side. On the Fragrance Compounds side, the timing is often driven by one, the process to identify where and when the choices are made about the adjustments. And in some cases, can be driven by the indices or the contract on when the windows open up. The details on global versus local and regional, it's hard to say. So, I think it's more around those three businesses. More Fragrances than Flavors and more of what we see today is on Ingredients versus Compounds.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Understood. And then, unless I missed it, I don't think you reiterated your previous outlook around double-digit EPS cash accretion in year two post the deal. So, I was just wondering if that still stands, and if it does, maybe you could walk through some of the components of that? We understand the synergy phasing, but maybe if you could just update us on what type of underlying growth you're expecting? And maybe if you've baked in anything for incremental acquisitions there?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Mike, I'm sorry, I can't control this. So it still stands. Let's put that clear, and Rich can explain.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, we haven't – we reiterated the guidance today around our core business. We were not talking about the Frutarom deal that we will cover, as Mike said earlier and Andreas talked about, we'll cover that after the deal closes. But, overall, the big part of the year-over-year on a cash basis accretion is driven by the synergies. When we go from 25% to 70%, the cash flow generation of the business is quite significant. We expected to pay down the debt quite significantly, very quickly. So we get both the operating profit gain as well as the interest expense reductions that are driving it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Lambert with Raymond James.
Patrick Lambert - Raymond James Financial International Ltd.: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking a few questions. A brief one, just going back on citral, I mean, every company has a different timing of impact apparently. And do you think that actually for you guys, the bulk of the impact – I think it was last year about $45 million for the year – total without any mitigation. Is it more in Q2 versus the rest of the year or there's still more to come just for citral impact? That's question number one.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. I think for that first part, I mean as we talked about on the last call, I mean, the impact was small in Q1. As I talked about at the time, most of the higher costs were sitting in inventory. So I think when you think about the overall impact, Q2, Q3 are the pressure points. And then on the input cost side, we expect the purchasing cost to come down as the citral line stabilizes. And then on the other side, we start to fully recover the – we get the pricing takes hold and that will further mitigate the impacts.
Patrick Lambert - Raymond James Financial International Ltd.: And you still believe you can – out of the 7%, recover about 5% of impact – the percentage points of your bridge?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. We still believe that currently the impact in the year this year will be about a 2% headwind, so somewhere between $10 million and $15 million on operating profit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning. Thanks very much. I wanted to – when you think about your sales forecast, maybe this is a question more for Rich or maybe Andreas. Do you have implicit in that an assumption about acceleration or deceleration in your end customer markets? How much visibility do you have into that? And finally, could you characterize the growth in your portfolio, in your customers right now between small or local – either small, local, or both kinds of customers versus global customers? And I asked because it seems like, persistently your growth rate is so much better than if I put together just a – sloppily put an index together of what appear to be all your major CPG customers, you've been growing a lot faster for a long time on an organic basis. So, just trying to get my hands around that and how you think about that as your forecast? Thank you.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure, Jon. So, first of all, what we see certainly is that the smaller and mid-sized customers are providing us with better growth than the big ones. And now, with some of the moves we have done in our own core business like Tastepoint, for example, we are covering better these smaller and mid-sized customers which give us some good growth here. So, that's good. And actually, this is one of the reasons for the Frutarom deal because it will give us even more exposure towards these customers. And we feel very excited about this. In general, if you look at the volume trends, they are pretty robust, I would say also with our end customers since, I would say, probably third quarter last year, and we see still pretty robust volume trends. We saw it in our first quarter, for example, where we were circling through our inventory much faster than we saw and particularly on the Fragrance side. We don't see a deceleration of these trends, but you never know. So, that's certainly for something we have to see, and we are in constant dialogue with our customers all the time to figure out where they stand and how much growth they see going forward. But so far, the volume trend is intact for our customers which is actually good news for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Hundley with Vertical Group.
Brett Hundley - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Hey. Thanks for fitting me in, guys. I just have one question. I'm trying to think more about your – the ability of your Fragrance segment margins to rebound in 2019. And, Rich, I thought you had an interesting comment on pricing when you talked about raw material inflation continuing into fiscal 2019. And, I don't know, I'm just reading your comment as a very public and signaling and talking about how it's imperative that you get pricing through or look at other actions. If I'm not reading too much into that comment, as you guys have pricing discussions, ongoing pricing discussions with customers, do you feel like you're getting to any type of price ceiling on the synthetic side or do you feel like you're running into any challenges on taking pricing higher? And maybe related to that, if it's not pricing, do you guys believe that you can deliver another round of cost savings following what you've done over 2017 and 2018. Are you feeling better about maybe walking your synergy number from Frutarom higher or maybe walking it faster? Can you just talk about the other ways, that if you don't go out and get pricing that you might be able to offset further oncoming inflation? Thank you.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure. Thanks. Look, I'm never going to sit here in my role and tell you that getting the price increase is easy. It's not. It's a long process. I think we have better tools available to us today to help our teams have fact-based conversations with our customers at a very detailed level that we hadn't had six or seven years ago. And that's imperative to our ability to get those price increases. Would I like them to come sooner? Absolutely, but we have to manage our business and these are long-term relationships with our customers and we have to work together and some cases we can come quicker, in other cases we have to make a choice and work with them around formula optimization or opening up the formulas and reformulating. Sometimes we have to look at options around phasing in the price increases. But I think both businesses have shown the ability to recover the price increases. Again, sometimes the timing it was probably not what Andreas and I would like. But I think we're able to do that. Now, from a margin standpoint, obviously it's dilutive. Because what we don't do is try to mark up the cost increases. So, I think those will continue, we'll continue to work that next year. I think what's important to me, I think, when I look at the trajectory on the input cost increases, again, we're not sitting here saying, we're expecting it to be double-digit increases across 80% of the portfolio, which is what we faced back in 2010, 2011 and 2012 and that took us two or three years to recover that. So, I think we will continue to do that. In terms of your question around cost savings and what we do as a business, I mean, that's part of what we're constantly doing, is managing productivity programs. I mean, the productivity programs that Francisco has led over the last 11 years that I've been with the company, have been dramatic in terms of what they've delivered to the bottom line and help give us flexibility. I'm not going to sit here and tell you we have the same ability to achieve those that we've had in the last 10 years, over the next 10 years because we've done all the easy stuff. But it's a constant part of our agenda. And then obviously – we will, obviously, look to accelerate the synergies and turn over every possible stone to have as much flexibility in our operating model. And I think we will then look at how much do we reinvest in the business. That becomes, to me, the variable of terms of, okay, if we're ahead of schedule, we can potentially reinvest quicker. If we're behind, we'll be more restrictive in terms of where we make incremental investments.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Actually, on the cost side and particularly on manufacturing, as Rich said, the easy stuff is done. But now in front of these, before the industrial revolution, we see much more of a drive into artificial intelligence and robotics, which will help us actually significantly to decrease some of the costs we were having in that area. And that's actually very, very helpful. So our profitability and potential savings agenda is still on for the core business, and then on top of it, certainly the savings we get to the Frutarom deal. Well, that's where we are and we feel actually very, very good about it.
Operator: And we have reached the allotted time for Q&A. I would now like to turn the call back over to Andreas for closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you for all the great questions. It was a good session. I hope you got the answers you needed. And as usually, we follow-up with one-on-one calls for more detailed information. Thank you very much guys. Have a good day. Bye-bye. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-07 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to today's conference call and webcast to discuss the merger between International Flavors & Fragrances and Frutarom as well as IFF's First Quarter 2018 Earnings. [Operator Instructions] 
 At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Michael Deveau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining our call to discuss the combination of IFF and Frutarom as well as IFF's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Results. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and the press release and slide presentation regarding today's news are available on the IR section of IFF and Frutarom's respective websites. 
 Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued today, and is on our website. I would like to remind everyone that these statements being made -- that all statements being made during the call that relate to future results and events, including the proposed merger, are forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ materially from those discussed here. Please refer to the information on the disclaimer slides in the presentation as well as the additional information contained in the regulatory filings for both companies. Presenting on the call today will be IFF's Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; Frutarom President and CEO, Ori Yehudai; and IFF Executive Vice President and CFO, Rich O'Leary.
 With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas. 
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike. This is an exciting day for both IFF and Frutarom. I'm going to take you through why we are so excited about the news we have announced today, and then I will cover the transaction terms. Ori will take you through Frutarom's and its history at a high level for those that are not familiar. Finally, we will delve deeper into the compelling strategy and financial rationale for this transaction. Lastly, Rich will conclude with a brief discussion of our strong first quarter earnings. So let's get started.
 We believe this combination will create a global leader in taste, scent and nutrition. This transaction is a win for both company's shareholders. Among the important benefits we expect to realize by combining with Frutarom, IFF will significantly increase its position in natural solutions. We will also strengthen our exposure to fast-growing small and mid-sized customer accounts, gain new opportunities in attractive and fast-growing adjacencies such as natural colors, enzymes, antioxidants and health ingredients, and enhance our global reach. We will also be able to realize the benefit of strong talent comprising extraordinary employees globally. Overall, we have a tremendous opportunity to accelerate our growth, realize significant synergies and deliver attractive shareholder value.
 Moving on to the terms of this transaction on Slides 7 and 8. Frutarom's shareholders will receive total considerations of $106.25 per share in a cash and stock transaction. The transaction has an implied enterprise value of approximately $7.1 billion. And the consideration is a mix of 67% cash and 33% stock, which provides shareholders both immediate value and the ability to participate in the compelling upside of the combination. Notably, the transaction has a significant synergy potential. We expect to realize approximately $145 million of run rate cost synergies by the third full year.
 The transaction is expected to be neutral to adjusted cash earnings per share in the first full year and double-digit accretive to adjusted cash earnings per share in the second full year. The combined company is also expected to generate strong free cash flow. As such, we expect to maintain our quarterly dividend consistent with prior guidance following the close of the transaction.
 We will also suspend our share repurchase program to prioritize debt reduction. In terms of financing, we have a solid foundation with a cash consideration expected to be financed with the combination of cash on hand, new debt raised and new equity of approximately $2.2 billion. We have bridge financing in place and the transaction is not subject to a financing condition. We are pleased that Ori has agreed to join us as strategic adviser following the close of the transaction to ensure a smooth transition.
 We are expecting to close in the next 6 to 9 months, subject, of course, to the receipt of regulatory approvals, a Frutarom shareholder vote and other customary closing conditions. Affiliates of ICC Industries Incorporated, which owns 36% of Frutarom, has agreed to vote in favor of the transaction.
 Before I hand over the call to Ori to tell you a bit more about Frutarom, I want to thank him and his team for the extraordinary effort they have put forth on this transaction. Over the last several months, as we worked on the details of bringing our 2 companies together, I have had an opportunity to get to know him and his team a lot. Everything I have learned during the process has confirmed my tremendous respect for Frutarom and its team. And I have shared with Ori on many occasions, Frutarom's expertise, reputation and record of performance is impressive. We have long admired Frutarom, and I'm excited to be combining forces. Ori? 
Ori Yehudai: Thank you, Andreas, and it's a great pleasure for me to participate in this first call, while we are aiming to combine these excellent 2 companies, IFF and Frutarom. I admire IFF since I joined this industry more than 33 years ago, and I'm sure that we'll all, including with my excellent colleagues, will admire the combined company going forward in the right ways. In a way, if you allow me on a personal note, just shortly, I'm closing like 2 wheels or circles right now after these 33 years. I joined the company in '86 with sales at that time $3 million. We were able to grow fast, double our company every 4 years, build a global company with 70,000 products sold to 30,000 customers in more than 160 countries. This is a great power to -- that we will be able to use together in the cross-selling opportunity, while we combine the excellent product portfolio and technology of the 2 companies. Of course, great support from the high technology of IFF that, of course, we didn't have access to before.
 So we truly build a global company, combining fast internal growth above markets, 70 acquisitions added into the Frutarom portfolio and business over the years that enabled us to jump from $3 million in revenue to $1.6 billion to date, and hopefully more.
 The second circle that I can see is value creation. Frutarom became a public company about 22 years ago. Market cap was $13 million, 1-3 million. We are closing this circle today, which is only the beginning of the circle for me with a market valuation of over $7 billion. So we were able to give some value creation to our shareholders with a great belief that I already -- always mention. We must find a way how we combine 1 plus 1 that equal 3 or 4, because I'm very weak in mathematics.
 I believe, and I'm sure that the combination of the 2 companies will allow Frutarom together with IFF to grow faster. Frutarom itself as a stand-alone company, had targets that were upgraded about 6 months ago, following excellent acquisitions that we did to $2.25 billion with EBITDA margin in our core business of above 23% before 2020. The 23% EBITDA margin I'm sure will be achieved much before, and I think the combination with IFF will enhance both the internal growth and the profitability following the synergies that were mentioned by my friend, Andreas, before and maybe he will come back to that later.
 I believe that part of Frutarom's success was to see market trends before many of our competitors, in many cases, before the food industry saw the competitors. We built the company over the last 10 years on taste, on health, on naturals, on where -- on the areas where billions of consumers want to see in their foods and that's enabled us to grow at a double rate than the markets we are operating in with over 75% of our products today being natural products, much more than all our competitors. Another differentiation of Frutarom, definitely with IFF and with other large companies, that now we combine together to create higher value will be with our specific approach towards customers. 70% of them smaller, mid-sized local companies, out of them 1/3 of the company is private label. Private label sector in today's world is growing faster than many of the multinational. IFF's strength with the multinational. So we have now 2 strong legs, 1 with the multinational and 1 with the smaller customers and the private label primarily.
 In the geography side, I think, again, we are dealing with complementary combination of 2 companies that are strong in different areas. And again, this will allow us to grow faster than the way we were going each company by itself up till now. The full solution of product that Frutarom can contribute with the cross-selling are getting now a very nice booster with the IFF technology. And I'm very, very optimistic that using these synergies in the best way will allow us to grow faster than any other company in our area.
 In the last few years, Frutarom added some new technology into its portfolio through several acquisitions, natural color, natural antioxidant; infant nutrition, a fast-growing business that we acquired through a company called Enzymotec; natural cosmetics ingredient, and we have more acquisition to do in that area.
 Starter culture, that's a very profitable growing business. I will not have the time to mention all of them. We'll have the time, me and Andreas, to talk to you and give -- maybe give you some training about the Frutarom products to those that are less familiar with the Frutarom portfolio and how the combination of the 2 companies create, I believe, the best company in the industry.
 I take this opportunity to thank Dr. John Farber, our Chairman, for his vision, support and trust and to thank our excellent employees that brought us to where we are now. On a personal note, I really feel lucky to be part of such an incredible group. And I'm excited and thankful for Andreas to invite me to be part of that. Thank you. 
 Andreas, and the floor is yours, my boss. 
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Ori. Let's go a bit deeper on the compelling strategy and financial rationale. As you can see on the Slide 11, this transaction solidifies IFF as a global leader in taste, scent and nutrition. We are uniting 2 industry-leading, innovative companies with complementary customers and capabilities and a talented and committed workforce. Ori and the entire Frutarom team have done an incredible job innovating and building their natural platform. As a result, we will also become a global leader in this important arena and will be well positioned to meet the evolving needs of our customers and consumers.
 We will offer our customers a stronger more differentiated portfolio of integrated solutions and capabilities. This will allow us to expand into attractive and fast-growing areas, such as enzymes, antioxidants, health ingredients and natural colors. Our customers will have access to a comprehensive portfolio with more value-added and integrated solutions. With Frutarom, we will significantly increase our exposure to fast-growing small- and mid-sized customers, which dovetails perfectly with our new Tastepoint platform.
 Slides 12 to 14 outline what the combined company will look like at a very high level. We will be positioned as the leader in natural capabilities, which will extend across our entire platform. Our customers will have access to comprehensive and differentiated integrated solutions with increased focus on naturals and health and wellness. This is consistent with the consumer trends we are all seeing. As an example, through their ALDI partnership Frutarom has developed food supplements, but also cosmetic solutions that can be additive to our active ingredients platform. For flavor, paprika combines the benefit of natural flavor and clean label color. In addition, rosemary extracts are powerful antioxidants offering health benefits to food and beverage solutions.
 On Slide 13, you can see that the combined company is expected to have approximately $5.3 billion of revenues in 2018, making it one of the largest players in the industry.
 Turning to Slide 14. Once the transaction is closed -- closes, we will have a more diversified and more favorable revenue mix. This shift also supports a more favorable growth profile. We will have new exposure to attractive adjacencies, such as enzymes, antioxidants, health ingredients and natural colors allowing us to expand beyond flavors. Importantly, the adjacencies Frutarom brings establishes competitive positions for the combined company in high value-added categories with increasing expected market growth rates.
 Additionally, as outlined on Slide 15, by combining our R&D with the capabilities of Frutarom, we will be able to offer a full suite of value-enhancing integrated solutions to customers of all size. For example, we are excited about the potential to combine our technical expertise in savory modulation and delivery system with Frutarom's Savory Solutions to strengthen our product offering to our savory customers. On Beverages, combining our flavor and sweetness modulation expertise with Frutarom's citrus capabilities, natural antioxidants and natural colors, to build visually appealing, wholesome and nutritious beverage solutions. As a result, we will have products that are second to none.
 As you can see on Slide 16, it is not just the market growth rate that makes us excited. The combination also increases IFF's access to faster-growing small- and mid-sized customers. This is a key demographic subset within the fast-growing markets just discussed that includes local and regional customers. We will also gain a presence with fast-growing private label customers.
 Slide 17 provides more details on the significant synergies we expect to achieve from this transaction. We anticipate $145 million of run rate cost synergies by the third full year after closing with approximately 25% achieved in year 1. We expect the cost synergies to come from procurement, footprint optimization and streamlining overhead expenses. We have done our homework here and spent a lot of time looking at the business. We are confident that these are very -- these goals are very achievable. Cross-selling opportunities and integrated solutions are expected to provide revenue synergies, providing additional value to the shareholders over time.
 As we have already discussed, we expect the transaction to drive strong earnings and cash flow accretion for the combined company. We anticipate double-digit cash EPS accretion in the second full year. Following the completion of the transaction, IFF is also expected to benefit from enhanced top line growth rates and a strong EBITDA margin. When you take all of this together, we expect tremendous value-creation opportunities. Importantly, we are committed to maintaining an investment-grade credit rating, and we'll prioritize deleveraging through our anticipated strong cash flow generation.
 Wrapping up. Slide 19 underscores how this combination with Frutarom fits with our stated strategy and our refreshed Vision 2020 plan. Our Vision 2020 strategy focuses on building differentiation, accelerating profitable growth and increasing shareholder value. We look to win where we compete and strengthen our position through developing pioneering firsts. Our goal is to become our customers' partner of choice, and we will continue to look for ways to strengthen and expand our portfolio to fit into areas of expertise beyond the walls of IFF. This combination with Frutarom allows us to achieve all of these things.
 With that, I turn the call over to Rich O'Leary to discuss our first quarter results before we open the call up for questions. 
Richard O'Leary: Thanks, Andreas. I'd like to now turn your attention to a review of our first quarter 2018 results. We have a few slides here to review. I'm pleased to report that we started off the year very well with robust growth across all of our key financial metrics.
 Our first quarter sales growth was strong as currency-neutral sales increased 7%, which was comprised of 8% growth in Fragrances and 6% growth in Flavors. Top line trends remain strong in both businesses with new wins, volume and pricing all contributing to growth. In Fragrances, we delivered broad-based growth from all categories and regions. And in Flavors, we achieved growth in all categories and nearly all regions.
 In terms of currency-neutral adjusted operating profit, our focus on driving greater efficiency throughout our business by our cost and productivity initiatives continue to support overall profitability. When combining this with our strong top line performance, we had strong leverage in the P&L as operating profit and EPS both grew 12% on an adjusted currency-neutral basis.
 Turning to Slides 22 and 23. Flavors' currency-neutral sales increased 6% with growth coming from all categories led by strong improvements in Savory and Dairy. It should be noted, on a 2-year average basis, growth continues to be strong at approximately 8%.
 From a regional perspective, 3 of the 4 regions delivered growth led by double-digit increases in both EAME and North America. EAME increased 11% on a currency-neutral basis, led by strong double-digit growth in Africa and the Middle East as well as mid-single digit growth in Europe. Growth was achieved across all categories, led by strong performance in Dairy, Beverage and Savory. North America increased 10%, driven by strong new wins in Beverage and Dairy as well as double-digit growth in Tastepoint.
 While the impact of the acquisition was not material on our overall results, PowderPure added a couple of percentage points to growth in North -- in Greater Asia, 2% growth on a currency-neutral basis as double-digit growth in India and China was muted by softness in Indonesia and the Asean region. And Latin America decreased 2% as mid-single-digit growth in the Southern Cone was more than offset by softness in Mexico and Colombia, which had strong year ago comparison. In terms of profitability, Flavors' currency-neutral segment profit grew approximately 15% led by volume growth, the benefit from productivity and favorable sales mix. Currency-neutral segment profit margin achieved year-over-year margin expansion of approximately 190 basis points to 24.8%.
 Fragrances currency-neutral sales grew 8% in Q1, as growth was broad-based with contributions coming from all categories. Regionally, growth was led by double-digit increases in 3 of our 4 regions. From a category perspective, Fine Fragrances improved 4% on a currency-neutral basis. Growth was led by strong double-digit growth in Latin America and North America. In these markets, performance was driven by new wins as well as increases in volume.
 Consumer Fragrances grew 6% on a currency-neutral basis. Growth was achieved in all categories led by high single-digit performance in Home Care, Toiletries and Hair Care as well as mid-single digit performance in Fabric Care. The contribution of growth continues to be led by new wins, with modest improvement in volumes.
 Fragrance ingredients sales were up 18% on a currency-neutral basis, driven by growth in nearly all regions led by double-digit growth in Latin America, North America and Greater Asia. Cosmetics active ingredients also continue to perform well as it grew strong double digits in the first quarter. Fragrances segment profit in Q1 grew approximately 12% on a currency-neutral basis, driven primarily by volume growth and the benefits from productivity initiatives. Currency-neutral segment profit margin increased 60 basis points year-over-year, finishing at 19.4% in the quarter.
 As you see on the next slide, we are off to a strong start to the year and that gives us added confidence in achieving our financial objectives for 2018. And while it's still early in the year, we will -- we believe we'll be closer to the upper end of our previously communicated sales and operating profit guidance range. Those ranges are 3% to 5% currency-neutral sales growth, 5% to 7% currency-neutral adjusted operating profit and 4% to 6% currency-neutral adjusted EPS growth. In terms of foreign exchange, while there continues to be fluctuations, we expect currency-neutral translation to be favorable impact on sales of approximately 3 percentage points and add approximately 1.5 percentage points to adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS, respectively.
 With that, let me turn it back over to Andreas. 
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rich. Let's summarize. We are very pleased with our strong start to 2018. Sales growth was robust with growth across both business units, that when coupled with cost and productivity initiatives, translated into stronger currency-neutral adjusted operating profit and EPS growth. We are more confident in our outlook for year, as we expect to be towards the upper end of our previously communicated guidance range.
 On this strong foundation, today's transaction comes from a position of strength. As we discussed, together with Frutarom, we anticipate delivering accelerated growth and offer our customers a stronger, more differentiated portfolio of integrated solutions, allowing us to expand beyond our core taste and scent businesses into nutrition. We will drive differentiation via R&D, balance our customer base by emphasizing fast-growing small and mid-sized customers and maximize our portfolio by expanding into fast-growing and diverse adjacencies. Our partnership will result in value creation for our shareholders and even more opportunities for the talented employees of both companies. We could not be more excited about what the future holds for both of us.
 Operator, let's open for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan of Stifel. 
Mark Astrachan: I guess, just thoughts broadly, so the deal gets you bigger in Flavors, how do you think about the sustainability of Flavors' growth to remain ahead of Fragrances longer term? I guess, it has in recent years, so you're obviously expecting it to continue, but I guess I'd love to hear how you think about that. And then sort of related to it, thoughts on the strategic rationale for buying a business that had some overlap of competing within your core business, Flavors and Fragrances, I get they're not completely a competitor, with some smaller customer exposure. But how do you think about going into more traditional F&F versus going into an adjacent category at scale as Enzymotec, something like that? So I guess, thoughts on just overall growth rates would be helpful. 
Andreas Fibig: Okay. Yes, absolutely, Mark. So first of all, we would like to see that it's just an overlap on the classic and traditional flavors, but what we see is here a whole range of exciting adjacencies. And you well know, with our Vision 2020, we have started to expand beyond Flavors already and beyond Fragrances actually with the acquisition, for example, of LMC, where we went into active cosmetic ingredients. By the way, we will strengthen with the Frutarom acquisition the active cosmetics business as well, because we have parts of it in it. And if you look at all the different markets, and actually we have one of the slides showing it very well, the adjacencies. The market growth of these adjacencies is a bit higher than in our traditional F&F. And we have some of these areas which was really good profitability as well, so we are basically building beyond the traditional Flavor business. That's the reason why we like to talk in the future about taste and nutrition as the 2 elements or segments where we are in. We actually believe that the deal with Frutarom is very complementary, actually in many regards; in terms of the portfolio and the technologies; in terms of the geographic exposure, because we are filling in some gaps we are having, for example, in Eastern Europe, where Frutarom is just very, very, very strong. So that's helping us a lot. So for me, it's a very natural prolongation of our Vision 2020 strategy and fits exactly into that. That's the reason why Ori and myself saw this combination as something which is just unbeatable, because it fits so well together. So we're a bit stronger on the taste and nutrition side, but we believe that's really good. Rich, do you want to step in? 
Richard O'Leary: Yes, I mean, Andreas, and Mark, I mean, for me I think it is very -- it's a great opportunity. It shifts the overall mix when you think about it. It's going to be favorable in terms of accelerating growth for the combined companies. From a business standpoint, the overall -- we know the overall markets on the Flavors side are higher than on the Fragrances side, but both businesses remain very attractive and very profitable. It helps from a category standpoint that Andreas talked about, that we're getting access to and a foundation to build upon some of the faster-growing adjacencies that we've targeted and saw real opportunities for our Vision 2020. And then the access to the faster-growing local and regional customers, all those things are going to be positive for the overall growth profile of the company. 
Andreas Fibig: And the good thing on the customer side there is, the overlap is not that big. So it actually helps us for the cross-selling quite tremendously, because we can sell our technology to Frutarom customers and vice versa. So we believe that we'll create a lot of value going forward just cross-selling. 
Mark Astrachan: Great. And just following up on the last point. So how confident are you in retaining the customers? I guess, if you can give more of a specific percentage of customer overlap, that would be helpful. And just sort of another broader question related to customers. So your gross margins were a bit better in the quarter than I think most would have expected, certainly us. Have -- has the push back on the pricing which you talked about last fall subsided? And in doing a deal like this, do you think that helps get more scale? And just how do you think about the puts and takes in dealing with your customers on a go-forward basis? Obviously, you're offering them more solutions, but they're all still under pressure on their -- in their earnings algorithm. 
Andreas Fibig: So if you look at the customer base, Frutarom is covering around about 30,000 customers, we cover around about 3,000 customers. So there is actually, as I said, not a lot of overlap. We believe that the danger that we are losing important customers is very, very little. We don't think that will happen. The good thing as well on the Frutarom side is because they are standing on so many legs with so many different customers, there is not this big customer, if we lose it, it will put the deal into jeopardy. I think it's actually a very good risk mitigation for all of us that they have such a wide customer base. And we will now go really into the targeting, how we do the cross-selling in the best possible way. On the pricing? 
Richard O'Leary: It -- I mean, I think, my first comment I would say, when you look at the categories, I mean, there's not -- they are -- in a lot of ways, Frutarom, their business, where there is overlap from a customer standpoint, so a lot of that's coming in categories that we don't have today. So again, I feel like the risk of overlap is quite low, from a pricing standpoint, but not -- I mean, it's a market environment and we have to manage through that the way we do day in, day out every day, okay? 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays. 
Lauren Lieberman: First thing I wanted to ask about was just integration. So my understanding is Frutarom has been very, very active on the M&A front. And so as you're thinking about synergies and integration, I wanted to know, one; how much of the $145 million is sort of inclusive of integration plans that Frutarom was already in the middle of pursuing? And then secondly, if some of those plans kind of get reworked, because now integration may be meaning something different as you're integrating some of those deals into a bigger sort of infrastructure, vis-à-vis IFF. And just kind of visibility on timing of those pieces. 
Andreas Fibig: So Lauren, thank you for the question. And indeed, the integration is of utmost importance. First of all, we have started already with Ori and the Frutarom team to identifying what are the areas and that's how we came up with the $145 million. And we are actually very confident that we can achieve that. And we looked during the DD, from our point of -- our vantage point on the integration, and we believe that we have already a good idea and a good plan in place. We will bring up an integration office, which is manned with people from both companies with one of our high-ranking IFF executives to lead this team for the next 1.5 or 2 years to really make it a priority for us. Actually we have even set up a board integration committee, which is led by -- as a Chairman, by Marcello Bottoli to make sure that we have the right focus on it. So I believe we are very well prepared. And then we should not underestimate that what Frutarom has done in the last couple of years is a lot of work on integration already. So we are counting here on a very experienced team, which can support us to bring this all on board. 
Richard O'Leary: Yes, I think from my standpoint, Lauren, I mean, we really did start with a clean sheet of paper and said, okay, let's look at the 2 organizations. Where are these opportunities? Whether it's from a technology standpoint, whether it's from a sourcing standpoint, manufacturing footprint, the overhead expenses, and I think we know we feel very good about and confident about our ability to deliver on that and leverage -- as Andreas said, leverage the talent and the expertise on both sides of the business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison of KeyBanc. 
Michael Sison: In terms of the accretion potential in year 2, can you maybe talk through what type of growth you expect Frutarom to generate in that year? How much of the synergy would come in year 1 or in year 2? And then maybe frame up the -- I guess, your long-term growth, if you grow EPS organically, add double digits or 10% or something, that would be kind of a strong double-digit mid- to high-teens EPS growth in year 2, is that the way to kind of think about it? 
Richard O'Leary: Mike, there's a lot there. I'm not sure I can write that fast. Look, I think from a synergy standpoint, the cost side as we talked about in our previous materials, we think about 25% of the synergies will come in year 1. There will be probably between 70%, 75% in year 2. And then fully in year 3. Year 2 -- year 1, we believe we're basically going to be neutral from a cash EPS standpoint and as we said earlier, double-digit increase and double-digit improvement in cash basis in year 2. From a top line standpoint, there is -- again, this is an attractive business. Frutarom has had a consistent growth trajectory on an organic basis for the last 3 years, growing faster than we have been growing. On top of that there is benefits associated with their M&A program, which has been a crucial part of their business strategy. So I think on an absolute basis, combining organic growth and some of the carryover impacts of their M&A program will have higher growth in year 1, and then the normal growth at the higher end of the range going forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy of Deutsche Bank. 
Faiza Alwy: So I have 2 questions. One is just, can you talk about how much overlap there is in North America specifically? Because I know that's where you've made an effort to target some of the smaller and medium-sized customers? And to the extent there is, sort of how do you plan to run the business together in North America, and then just globally post deal closure? And then my second question is just on, it seems like Frutarom's gross margins and EBITDA margins are a bit lower than yours. Do you see that as an opportunity or do you think that's a function of the categories that they are in versus that you're in? 
Andreas Fibig: Faiza, thank you for the question. I'll take the first part and then Rich, the second one. So actually North America -- the overlap is very, very, very small how we see it. But it will fit actually very, very well into our business, in particular with the Tastepoint we have set up here. So we will make now this part of the business super, super strong, and it will help us in our home market actually a great deal. Rich? 
Richard O'Leary: Yes. From my standpoint, looking at the margins, I mean, first of all, Frutarom's had a tremendous impressive record of growing the business while expanding margins. It's a very strong business, and we're extremely pleased to have that opportunity to combine the 2 companies. I think some of the opportunities and the differences reflected in the margin is reflected in the synergy opportunities that we already discussed earlier. And other piece of it can be mix related also. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. 
Adam Samuelson: I guess, my first question would be just around kind of what pro forma growth margins, capital intensity of the business. And as you think about what the pro forma organic revenue growth would look like for the combined business. I mean, acquisitions post close, I'd imagine would become less kind of eminent strategic priority. And then on the capital intensity portion, what the working capital -- do you see any opportunities in working capital post the deal? I think the cost synergies, which is the cost number and there wasn't any identified cash synergies. And then 1 quick follow-up on the quarter, you exceeded kind of your range on growth on all metrics, but the guidance range was left unchanged. Could you talk about drivers of implied deceleration over the balance of the year? 
Richard O'Leary: Okay. So I mean, from a growth perspective I'll give you some comments on the last one now, and directionally we're not going to get into specifics. From a margin potential, I mean, when you look at the 2 businesses, add on the synergies, we feel like we're going to be well positioned to be competitive at the high end of the market in terms of overall EBITDA margins. From a capital intensity standpoint, I think there's opportunities as we combine both organizations to drive improvements on an overall basis in terms of our working capital performance. It's going to help drive the cash flow over the next 5 years to help drive the deleveraging. That's important for our overall strategy. From a CapEx standpoint, I think as we look at the overall position, over time it will come down. Again, we have to work through, some of the integration work will require some one-off CapEx. And then -- so there'll be some -- included in our estimates of the cash flow models over the next couple of years, is some CapEx necessary to drive the synergies from a manufacturing standpoint. But overall, this is a very strong business. Both businesses are extremely profitable. Strong cash generation and that's going to get us where we need to be to grow the business and also deleverage on an accelerated basis. From a earnings standpoint in our guidance, there is an implied difference between first half or Q1 sort of first -- strong start in Q1. As we talked about on the last call; number 1, the second half comps in the last year becomes much, much stronger compared to the first half last year. We feel confident about our ability to get to the higher end of the range from growth, from a sales and operating profit standpoint. As I've talked about on the prior call, there is still a lot movement in the industry in terms of demand, inventory impacts, and so I think we're being appropriately cautious at this point in terms of our guidance for the full year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Hundley of Vertical Group. 
Brett Hundley: I just had 2. The first one is a simple one. I was just curious if Frut will continue its M&A strategy during the next few months? I know their pipeline is very full, so I just wanted a comment on that. And then secondly, Andreas, in our opinion, Frut grows the way that it does, because of its, what I'll call a satellite approach and heavy levels of decentralization, so their culture seems very different than yours. And honestly, when we speak to other companies in the industry, many times they say that they don't even know when they're going up against Frutarom in a bid or something like that just because of all their disparate acquisitions over time. So it does seem like you really have your work cut out for you in realizing your synergy target, which is a pretty high target to begin with. Do you feel like you're being aggressive with the time line of synergy realization? And can you just delve back into the confidence that you have in realizing that target and the work that you've done? Because again, I think some of us are just thinking, while Frut has all these different businesses then IFF may potentially have some real work ahead of it? 
Richard O'Leary: So let me start with your easy one. From an M&A standpoint, I mean, as I made in the comment earlier, I mean, the M&A part has been an important part of the growth strategy and the vision for Frutarom. It's a key core competency of the Frutarom organization. We want to continue to leverage that and help drive the growth as combined companies. We're confident given the strong cash flow of both businesses and the industry as a whole that we can continue to execute on the M&A platform, while aggressively deleveraging the company. 
Andreas Fibig: On the second question, we believe that both companies have an entrepreneurial culture and that is a pretty good alignment. So we don't believe that we have an aggressive time line on the cost synergy realization. So we feel real good about this. And if you think, what we have started now, let's say, a year, 2 years ago with our Tastepoint experiment in the U.S., it basically shows how you can deal with these smaller companies. Remember, we brought David Michael and Ottens and we have combined them into the Tastepoint as an outreach or platform for the more regional, smaller and mid -- or mid-sized customers. I believe that we have already some expertise. And that we also know when you build this platform, for example, how do you basically separate the traditional IFF business with the big customers, but still make sure that companies like Tastepoint and now in the future, the Frutarom subsidiaries will get access to IFF technology. And that's the part of cross-selling which will create a lot of value going forward. And I believe that's a tremendous opportunity. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts of UBS. 
John Roberts: Could you comment on margins on the 25% of sales that aren't Flavors? I assume trading is below average, and natural colors, enzymes and antioxidants are above average? 
Richard O'Leary: Yes, that -- I think that's the right way to think about it. I mean, the trading business is very much almost like a distribution type, so the margins are low, but it's a key value-add service that the Frutarom business provides to its customers. 
John Roberts: And then, how do you plan on reporting the non-Flavors part of Frutarom? I think sometimes the way companies report kind of tells us a little about how they'll manage the businesses well. Will you roll it into Flavors like you do with Lucas Meyer in Fragrances? Or will you put it over with the Fragrance Ingredients or how do you plan to handle that? 
Andreas Fibig: Yes, what we will do over the next couple of months until the closing is that, we will come up with the right structure for the business going forward, which is -- positions us to capture the value as best as we can. And then we will basically decide on the reporting structure here as well. And you are right, John, there are a couple of ways to go and now we have much more businesses, we have to look how we do it in the best possible way to make sure also that we support the cross-selling. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Feeney of Consumer Edge. 
Jonathan Feeney: Andreas, we've talked for a while about -- so one of the first questions I ever came up with, I know it was a good one, was why mergers between the largest flavor and fragrances houses in the world don't really make sense. And I was referring to Givaudan, Symrise and Firmenich, there is discrete capabilities, there is overlapping customers. So what -- are there aspects of this transaction that suffer from that? Like do you -- are there major overlaps where you have -- you commented on the existing customer base, is there something special about Frutarom and IFF's capabilities that make that a lot less of a problem? And -- or if you wouldn't mind, if I could ask you, what makes IF -- certainly a great company, lot of growth for all the reasons you outlined and incredibly are going to -- would accelerate any flavor house's growth. Why IFF as a partner, owner, colleagues going forward? 
Andreas Fibig: So let me start with it and then hand it over to Ori. So for us, the great thing about this and why we believe it's the best fit you can find in the industry is that we don't have these major overlaps, either in the customer base, which basically broadens the customer base of the new company and also makes us much, much stronger on the naturals, which is a very great strategic fit for us. So Ori, why IFF? 
Ori Yehudai: Many reasons. First is the one is the guy that talked before me, Andreas, that I think in a way just in love with him and decided to go with him even though we had other bidders and other interested parties that were less attractive to Frutarom. But on a more, I would say, serious note, even though the previous one was the truth, I mean, look, there are not -- there aren't too many flavor or specialty farm ingredients that are relevant in this space. Financial investor is not interested -- interesting for Frutarom, because it's not money that we are looking for. I strongly believe, and Andreas correctly said, that here we're really talking about the combination of 2 companies that are operating in different fields in 80% of the cases. If you're talking about Savory Solutions for the processed meat, processed fish, ready meals, Frutarom built over the last 12 years a leadership position in that area and that's not the strength of IFF. So here, this will be completely complementary to IFF, but we will use the excellent capabilities of IFF in flavor creation of specialty savory ingredients. When you go to natural products, again, Frutarom built over the last 10 years an exciting product portfolio, i.e., natural color, natural antioxidants, natural cosmetics ingredients that, of course, will go together with IFF and give them a very nice boost with high-end technology of products coming from ALDI or coming from extracts and other applications. The difference in customer portfolio, 75% of Frutarom customers mid to -- local midsized with a special emphasis on the private label, I believe that was not the focus of IFF, correctly so as a large company. And I'm sure that between Andreas and me and the management, we will know how to -- not to lose customers and really use both expertise to create the 1 plus 1 equal 4. So it's the combination of the differentiation in customers, differentiation in product. And then talk about geography. Frutarom is very strong in some geographies where I believe IFF historically were not very strong. I will give examples. Central and East Europe, very strong growth for Frutarom, but not where IFF invested before. Frutarom is very, very weak in Asia, IFF is strong in Asia and now we have both Frutarom portfolio and IFF portfolio to go to the same customers. Frutarom acquired Enzymotec with the infant nutrition business, that's not a business that IFF has, but IFF has many large customers that are using, or might use, this type of technology, so we are going to a new area of basic nutrition ingredients that enhance our position. Frutarom acquired a company called Taura with unique amazing technology to dry fruits within less than 1 minute in an authentic way, no flavor, no sugar added. This is extremely interesting for many customers. For example, in the United States, nutritional bars, many other areas, the large customers that are IFF customers, not necessarily Frutarom customers. So the entrance into these customers will be much higher. I can continue talking about it for another year, but really this is about creating value and growth. And I strongly believe that this is what we are going to achieve together. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gunther Zechmann of Bernstein. 
Gunther Zechmann: Look, you've spoken a lot about the synergy potential and the margins. Can I just ask at all the returns from the Frutarom acquisition for IFF? You've got this target to and your cost of capital within 3- to 5-year time horizon. I think all, except one acquisition were within that time frame. Where does Frutarom in your projections stands on return on invested capital basis? That's the first one. And the second one, on sales synergies, you've got $145 million in cost synergies by the third full year of acquiring Frutarom. You've spoken a lot of the sales synergies, but can you put some numbers on that? That would be very helpful. 
Richard O'Leary: Okay. Let me start with the first one from a return standpoint. Yes, this -- given the size and the transformative nature of this deal, I think we're looking at 2 different ways. One, on a cash basis, again focusing on how strong a business both companies are, we're probably going to -- we're going to -- we project that we're going to get the cost of capital returns between year 5 and year 6 on a cash basis. On a GAAP basis, probably another year later, 1 additional year, so we still feel very good about the return profiles of combining the 2 companies and certainly the long-term value creation that combining the 2 companies provide. From a synergy standpoint, again, we're focused on the cost synergies. We do believe that there's substantial opportunity out there from a cross selling standpoint, but don't -- we're not going to comment specifically on what that value is. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fintan Ryan of Berenberg. 
Andreas Fibig: Next question, operator? 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Lambert of Raymond James. 
Patrick Lambert: Two questions for me. I think a bit financial related to the transaction. The cost of integration of the businesses, you haven't mentioned it. And questions around the IT systems, any -- anything that you think is going to be a bit challenging in terms of integrating Frutarom to IFF? Linked to that also, again for, I guess, Richard, which is the tax impact. What can you actually deduct, I know it could be a good driver for value if you can deduct a lot of the intangibles there. And finally, I think you answered the overlap of clients, but a very quick one on Q1 results in terms of the 8% Fragrance growth, in particular. How much was pricing versus volume overall for IFF and in Fragrance in particular? And are you a bit more in -- could you a bit more precise your view on the citral disruption and impact in Q2, Q3 and the remainder of the year? Have you got a bit more details on that, a bit more granularity on it? 
Andreas Fibig: Maybe I'll take the last question first. So on Q1, as you were saying very strong growth on the Fragrance side, there was not much pricing built in this -- in the first quarter. So it's volume, which is great. On the citral situation, you probably see that the BSF is coming back to manufacturing, so we are basically for the second and third quarter on our plan. And we are actually in a very good position to deliver what our customers' need. And we're optimistically going forward. So that's where we are. And we are in a very good position. Now I hand over to Rich on the financials. 
Richard O'Leary: Okay. Thanks, Andreas. Yes, just one quick comment, I mean, on the Fragrance growth, it was predominantly volume and commercial performance, new wins, but there was pricing in there, so it was helpful. In terms of citral, I do think it's going to be heavily in the impact. As Andreas said, we're on target with our previous estimates. We still believe that's appropriate. I think, we'll see the biggest impact in Q2 and Q3, again, depending on what happens from their side. From a cost standpoint, the cost to execute and achieve the synergies, it's roughly 1.3x, it's in the ballpark. It's a combination of cost. As I mentioned earlier, there is some capital in there that we believe is going to be necessary to be spent in order to achieve the synergies. From a financing standpoint, it's still pretty early in the process. I think there are opportunities and we'll structure the deal at -- within the company in order to optimize that from a standpoint, look at where the business operates, where the cash flows are generated. So we still have some opportunities there to work through, but I think we're confident in our ability to help -- to have that drive, the delta to see returns that I talked about earlier, in year 2 on a cash basis.
 No, I mean -- it's part of what I just said we still have to go through the details and work with the Frutarom team in terms of how to optimize and structure that so it allows us to generate -- get the cash from where it's generated to where we need to do to pay down the debt, and that -- work with the specifics of the tax implications associated with that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fintan Ryan of Berenberg. 
Fintan Ryan: I think most of my questions have been answered, but I would just like to get a sense that within the synergy plans or the integration going forward, do you plan on any asset disposals, particularly around some of the trading and marketing operations within Frutarom? And/or within the duration as well, I know Frutarom has acquired majority stakes in a number of entities. Is there any sort of change in control at provision in those deals so that you need to buy out some of the minorities as well taking on just the bulk of Frutarom equity? 
Andreas Fibig: No, actually, we are not planning to dispose any of the businesses, at least not big parts. And we go forward with the businesses where Frutarom has entered into agreements and has majority parts of the business. So I think that will be business as usually for Frutarom and for us going forward as well. 
Richard O'Leary: Yes. I think, as I mentioned earlier, the trading business is a value-added service that Frutarom management team believes its central in terms of their relationship with the customers. Again, we'll look at potential asset sales, as we work through the integration process, but it's too early to say. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Rafaisz of UBS. 
Patrick Rafaisz: From a technical point of view, on the contracts you have, is there a break fee in case the transaction doesn't happen? And can you elaborate a bit on what happens to -- or with the other interested party that was mentioned to be involved? Why was that an inferior solution? And lastly, you talked a lot about the complementarity of the business and very little overlaps. And so does that mean that you do not foresee any antitrust-related issues in any of the key markets in this transaction? 
Andreas Fibig: So let me start with the last piece. We certainly have to work with the regulatory authorities on the antitrust, but in our initial assessment, we believe it will be positive and benign, so we don't expect any extra hurdles here. And then, I hand over to... 
Richard O'Leary: Yes, from a -- there is included in the sales purchase agreement a break-up fee. It's standard and it's consistent with industry standards. 
Andreas Fibig: And on the other interested party, I think Ori gave the reason why he believes that IFF is the best partner in the industry. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sipke Moes of Kempen Capital Management. 
Sipke Moes: I have one question. I heard somebody referring to that he was not that good at mathematics, but I'm now beginning to do doubt myself. I'm also wondering if you could give a pro forma leverage for the deal because I saw somewhere $3.7 billion, but I'm not exactly sure how you arrived at that specific number. 
Andreas Fibig: Thank you for the question. Rich? 
Richard O'Leary: Yes, it's $3.7 billion on a simple basis in terms of just looking at net debt over the EBITDA on a run-rate basis. And then, we expect, as I said, to get -- delever quickly over the next 18 to 24 months and probably get down to less than 2.5x over that period. 
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I'll now return the call to Andreas for any additional or closing remarks. 
Andreas Fibig: Well, it's an exciting day for Frutarom and for IFF. We're making really good progress, and I would like to thank all of you as well for participating in the call. I think it worked out very well and the 2 of us believe it's a real strong combination, and it's more than 1 plus 1 is 3 or 4. I think going forward, it will be a great future for both companies. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-15 10:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. Participants will be announced by their name and company. In order to give all participants an opportunity to ask their questions, we request that you limit one question per person. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's fourth quarter and full year 2017 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to our outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2018. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on February 28th, 2017 and our press release that we filed yesterday. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release. With me on our call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rich O'Leary. We will start with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have. With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike. As usual, I will start with an executive overview of our operational performance for the fourth quarter and the full year. Then I want to provide some key highlights of our strategic progression in regards to our long-term Vision 2020 strategy. Once finished, I will ask Rich to cover our financial results in greater detail, including specifics on each business unit as well as our cash flow dynamics. Then we will both provide commentary as it relates to our outlook for 2018 and finish by taking any questions that you may have. Starting with the financial review of our consolidated results for the fourth quarter, I'm pleased to report that we had strong operational performance resulting in consolidated currency-neutral sales growth of 10%, currency-neutral adjusted operating profit growth of 4%, and currency-neutral adjusted EPS growth of 16%. Rich will take you into greater detail on the fourth quarter later in the presentation. On a full year basis, 2017 was another notable year in regards to our financial performance. Consolidated currency-neutral sales growth grew 9% as both business units successfully delivered strong growth with 10% in Flavors and 9% in Fragrances. Overall topline growth was supported by our organic business, which grew 4% on a currency-neutral basis, in line with our long-term financial target, as we capitalized on strong new wins as well as improved volume trends on existing business. In addition, David Michael, Fragrance Resources, and PowderPure provided approximately five percentage points of additional growth. Led by volume growth, the benefits associated with growth of productivity initiatives and the contribution of acquisitions, consolidated adjusted operating profit on a currency-neutral basis increased 5% for the full year 2017. This improvement when combined with a more favorable year-over-year effective tax rate and a reduction in shares outstanding led to a 9% increase in our currency-neutral adjusted EPS. We also continued to advance our long-term strategy that will enable us to deliver strong returns for our shareholders. Some key highlights. Sales of our Sweetness and Savory modulation portfolio continued to grow strong double digits across all our categories, led by Savory, Dairy and Beverage. To ensure we maintain these robust growth dynamics, we successfully launched three new natural taste modulators. Encapsulation-related sales continued to grow, led primarily by Fabric Care and Personal Wash. In delivery systems, the encapsulation platform remains paramount to future growth, which is why we made strong advancements to extend this technology into even more categories. In the Middle East and Africa, we continued to grow our business up mid-single-digits, with growth coming in both Flavors and Fragrances. To ensure we continue to strive in this exciting and dynamic region, we opened a fully renovated and expanded facility in Cairo to better serve our regional customers and strengthening our market presence. In North America, we launched Tastepoint, a fully dedicated organization with -- in IFF designed to serve middle-market customers. This new and innovative go-to-market approach targets the unique needs and expectation of this target customer base, who call for speed, agility, and resourcefulness. And it is powered with technology that drives differentiation. Tastepoint performance in 2017 was very strong, improving double-digits. Cosmetic Active Ingredients also remained a growth driver in 2017, as Lucas Meyer's Cosmetics, acquired two years ago, continued to grow double-digits. In terms of sustainability, IFF continued its global sustainability leadership as we earned a Gold Status designed -- designation by EcoVadis and A-list acknowledgment by CDP for the third year in a row. We were also named to the Euronext Vigeo U.S. Top 50 Index and saw an improvement in our Dow Jones Sustainability Index score. More recently, we were named Barron's 100 Most Sustainable Companies, an index launched in February 2018 as we joined the ranks of 99 other leading companies assessed by performance in key stakeholder categories. In terms of capital allocation, we spent approximately $129 million in capital expenditures or about 4% of sales. This was primarily driven by our previously announced strategic investments in operations, including China and India, and creative and application centers globally. We also invested $205 million of capital for two strategic acquisitions. We fortified our Fragrance business with an acquisition of Fragrance Resources, increasing our participation in specialty fine fragrances and strengthening our market position with regional customers in North America and Germany. We also purchased PowderPure to further expand our expertise in Flavors by offering clean-label solution that do not compromise taste, nutrition, and color. The combination of these two acquisitions should add approximately $90 million of expected annual revenue. We returned approximately $264 million or 56% of our adjusted net income to shareowners through dividends and share repurchases, increasing our annual dividend 8% and announcing the extension of our existing share repurchase [technical difficulty] With that, I would like to turn the call over to Rich.
Richard O'Leary: Thank you, Andreas. I'd like to now turn our attention to the business unit reviews for the fourth quarter. Flavors currency-neutral sales increased 5%, led by strong growth in Savory, Beverage and Sweet. It should be noted that on a two-year average basis, growth was strong at approximately 7%. From a regional perspective, all four regions delivered growth, led by 9% improvement in North America, primarily driven by strong double-digit growth in Savory. EAME increased 5% on a currency-neutral basis, with the strongest growth in Beverage. On a geographic basis, the Middle East; Africa; Central, Southern and Eastern Europe all reported strong growth. Greater Asia grew 2% on a currency-neutral basis, principally driven by robust growth in India and the Asean region. And in Latin America, sales growth was 6% on a currency-neutral basis, as growth was led by the Southern Cone region, specifically Argentina. In Q4, on a currency-neutral segment profit basis, Flavors grew approximately 10%, led by volume growth and the benefit from productivity initiatives. In terms of currency-neutral segment profit margins, we achieved year-over-year margin expansion of approximately 90 basis points to 21.3%. Fragrance currency-neutral sales improved 15% in Q4, as growth was broad-based and very strong with approximately 10 percentage points coming from our organic business and approximately 5% coming from acquisitions. Regionally, growth was broad-based as all regions increased double-digits. It should be noted that Brazil has stabilized as we saw a rebound in overall volume performance. From a category perspective, Fine Fragrances improved 27% on a currency-neutral basis, including Fragrance Resources. All regions achieved strong double-digit growth inclusive of acquisitions. Organically, sales on a currency-neutral basis grew double-digits, led by new win performance as well as improved volume on existing business. Consumer Fragrances grew 12% on currency-neutral basis, including Fragrance Resources. Organically, our performance was driven by double-digit growth in Personal Wash and Home Care as well as high single-digit performance in Toiletries. Please take note that Consumer Fragrances continued to perform well relative to the first half of 2017, as volume on existing business has remained positive in Q4. Fragrance ingredients sales were up 14% on a currency-neutral basis, driven primarily by double-digit growth in Latin America, North America, and Greater Asia. And as Andreas noted, Lucas Meyer's also continued to perform well in the quarter with double-digit growth. From a profit perspective in Q4, Fragrances segment profit remained constant on a currency-neutral basis. Volume growth and the benefits from productivity initiatives were offset by unfavorable price to input costs and an increase in research, selling and administrative expenses, which includes higher incentive compensation expense, and an increase in amortization cost associated with the acquisition of Fragrance Resources. This had a corresponding impact on year-over-year currency-neutral segment profit margin, which finished at 16.6% in the fourth quarter. Turning to next slide. We show the year-over-year pact -- year-over-year impact in terms of contribution of Q4 operating profit growth on a consolidated basis, expressed as a percentage of our restated fourth quarter 2016 adjusted operating profit. Starting with the second bar, you can see that volume added approximately 13 percentage points to overall operating profit growth. In the third bar, you can see that we continued to benefit from our cost and productivity initiatives through the likes of procurement savings, our restructuring program savings. Overall, we delivered approximately six percentage points of benefit year-over-year. Moving on to the next bar, through disciplined cost management, including components of zero-based budgeting. RSA contributed two percentage points of benefit to the fourth quarter adjusted currency-neutral operating profit growth. Overall in the quarter, mix had a negligible impact. From an M&A perspective, M&A -- from a headwind perspective, M&A was a slightly drag of one percentage point. We also at various times went against this in the quarter, which represented about two percentage points of headwind. Net price to input costs was unfavorable by about three percentage points and was predominantly driven by higher raw material costs in Fragrances. Lastly, incentive compensation was unfavorable by approximately 10 percentage points year-over-year. In terms of year-over-year comparison, we had a large delta, as we compare to a lower-base period in the prior year due to underperformance versus a plan compared to strong performance in the current year quarter. As a quick reminder, we are highly incentivized to deliver our financial commitments. From time-to-time, there are variations in incentive comp as it is based on our performance relative to our plan. If we achieve our financial targets, we'll receive 100% of our designated payout. Should we over or under deliver versus the plan, our incentive compensation is adjusted higher or lower. In the case of 2017 -- 2017, incentive compensation expense was higher than 2016, as we exceeded our 2017 targets. Moving on to cash flow. Operating cash flow was $391 million for the year, which compares to $550 million last year. Our 2017 performance was adversely impacted primarily by the ZoomEssence litigation settlement, higher working capital requirements, acquisition-related activities, and restructuring charges. It should be noted that while working capital requirements year-over-year was unfavorable, it improved significantly in the fourth quarter from where it was at the end of the third quarter, mainly due to improved accounts payable. As Andreas mentioned, from a capital allocation standpoint, we spent approximately $129 million in CapEx or about 4% of sales and believe that we will spend between 4% and 5% of sales in 2018. With the current expectation, it will be at the higher end of the range. Regarding cash returned to shareholders, in 2017, through a combination of dividends and share repurchases, we delivered a total payout of 56% of adjusted net income, consistent with our 50% to 60% targeted range. With that, I'd like to turn it back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Over the last two years, we have seen the global operating environment become more volatile. Fortunately, several of the factors in which we highlighted in the past have started to see modest improvements. To put this in context, we have seen global consumer staple volumes starting to stabilize and show signs of improvement. While it's early in the year, expectation is that the consumer staples volume will improve in 2018, increasing approximately 2%. This compares well to what we, as an industry, have seen over the last three years and where the average was flattish to up slightly. From an economic perspective, GDP growth on a global basis is expected to improve modestly. A key driver for this improvement is expected to come from stronger GDP trends in the emerging markets. This should provide a relative improvement over the last few years in terms of our topline performance, as approximately 50% of our sales are through the emerging markets. U.S. dollar continues to fluctuate versus the world currencies. And as a global organization with nearly 30 currencies, there are many moving parts. Most relevant for IFF, the strengthening of the euro versus U.S. dollar is favorable as approximately 30% of our profits are euro denominated. However, please remember that the impact on profitability will be limited as we have a rolling hedging program and our hedge about 80% at $1.15 for 2018. This compares to an average euro to U.S. dollar rate at $1.12 for the full year 2017. While we are optimistic that the operating environment has improved modestly, the one area that remains headwind is raw material cost. On the natural size, the demand for all natural products continues to drive across all natural ingredients, as has done over the past few years. This can be best seen in vanilla and citrus markets, where prices remain at historically high levels, and turpentine and turpentine derivatives, particularly gum turpentine, costs have increased significantly. In addition, synthetics materials are directly and indirectly from oil are exhibiting inflationary pressures. For all of these instances, we have been continue to have active discussions with our customers to recover our cost exposure via pricing. With that as a backdrop, I would like to highlight several notable items that we expect to impact our financial results in 2018. One of our key suppliers, BASF, had a fire occurred at their manufacturing plant in Germany during quarter 4 2017. This impacted their production of citral, a very common ingredient used in many formulations in both Flavors and Fragrances. In addition, they declared Force Majeure, which impacts both supply and cost of the key import for the entire Flavor and Fragrance industry. Based on their public statements, the startup for that plant is not expected to occur until the end of March 2018. We anticipate that the supply chain will not fully normalize until the second half of 2018. With that, I would like to turn it back to Rich.
Richard O'Leary: Thanks Andreas. Let me take the couple of more technical items. At the end of 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax reform. Key changes include, but are not limited to, Base Erosion and Anti-Abuse Tax, executive compensation deduction limits, and the elimination of certain special deductions. For us, we accrued a provisional net charge of $139 million in the fourth quarter of 2017, which primarily includes a transition tax on the company's historic unremitted foreign earnings and the reevaluation of the company's net deferred tax assets to reflect the new lower statutory tax rate. As we think about 2018, based on our current assessment and understanding of the Tax Act in our current global operating restructure, we believe that our effective tax rate in 2018 will be approximately 21%. Lastly, in March of 2017, the FASB issued an amendment to the compensation report -- retirements benefits guide and effective in 2018, interest costs, asset returns, and the amortization and gains and losses will now be recorded in other income and expense versus operating profit under the previous accounting rules. The impact was approximately $31 million in 2017 and $15 million in 2016. For modeling comparison purposes, our pro forma adjusted operating profit for 2017 will now be $616 million, and other income and expense will be $40 million, of which $31 million is for the pension change and $9 million is other regular income and expense items. Given the several moving parts, we felt it was important to highlight the drivers of currency-neutral adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS for greater transparency. Before doing so, I want to highlight the expectation for sales performance. We expect 3% to 5% currency-neutral sales growth as all categories are expected to contribute to growth. In terms of expected operating -- adjusted operating profit performance in 2018, please take note that our starting point following the pension accounting change is $616 million for 2017. In 2018, we expect the profitability of our core business to accelerate versus the growth we achieved in 2017 from approximately 5% to approximately 7% to 9%. We expect the performance to be driven by the combination of volume growth and the benefits of cost and productivity initiatives, which include our standard program plus advancements in zero-based budgetings and savings associated with the multiyear productivity program that we announced in the early 2017. Net price to raw material cost is expected to be neutral, as we're taking action to cover our cost exposure. In the fifth bar, we isolated the impact relative to the citral Force Majeure. While we are pleased to say that we can believe we can meet the demand of our customers, the challenge, however, is that the total financial impact in 2018 is quite large at approximately 7%. Fortunately, we have and continued to work with all of our possible mitigation options, and currently believe the impact should be limited to approximately two percentage points. Inclusive of the impact of the citral situation, we expect raw material costs will rise mid-single-digits in 2018. Please note that this is very fluid situation and is based on how we see things today. Our objective is to fully offset the BASF impact, as we're pursuing all options, both internally and externally. I'll review the impact of currency in more detail shortly. Moving on to EPS, as you see from the second bar and similar to our previous slide, our core business remained strong. We expect 6% to 8% growth in 2018 from our core business. As I discussed moments ago, the Force Majeure situation is expected to adversely impact results by approximately two percentage points. Looking at tax, based on our current assessment and understanding of the Tax Act and our current structure, we believe that our effective tax rate in 2018 will be 21%. And it's inclusive of the net -- the impact of the tax reform net of mitigation and planning opportunities that we've identified today. The ultimate impact of the tax impact may differ from this estimate due to, among other things, changes in interpretations and assumptions, additional guidance that may be issued by taxing authorities, as well as our operating and structural changes that we may take into result -- take into account as a result of the Act. We expect currency-neutral EPS to be between 4% and 6%. In terms of foreign exchange, for 2018, we expect currency translation to be a favorable impact on sales of approximately three percentage points. We expect currency to be favorable by approximately 1.5 percentage points on adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS, respectively. Net-net, our 2018 guidance all-in is 6% to 8% sales growth, 6.5% to 8% for operating profit, and 5.5% to 7.5% for EPS. With that, I'd like to pass it over to Andreas for some closing comments.
Andreas Fibig: In summary, we're pleased with what we have achieved so far across all key financial metrics in 2017. As we enter 2018, recognizing that uncertainty remains in the operating environment, we are targeting growth across all of our key financial metrics. We're doing so by taking action to accelerate sales growth in advantage categories, deliver innovation that is truly differentiated, and generate higher returns via continued cost and productivity initiatives, and generate strong returns for our shareholders. And we have started the year 2018 well with growth across both business units. With that, I would now like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: Yes, hey, good morning everybody.
Andreas Fibig: Good morning Mark.
Richard O'Leary: Good morning Mark.
Mark Astrachan: Wanted to ask first about the sales growth outlook. So, if you keep the two-year constant, it would imply growth at least at the midpoint, maybe even a little bit stronger than that. So, I guess, I'm curious why are you including a wider range at least compared to last year? And what if they happen to come in at the low end and at the high end?
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Look, Mark, first of all, we are certainly optimistic for 2018. But with all the volatility we have seen in the last, let's say, two years in the market, plus the citral situation we are having at hand right now, we said it's more prudent to go in with a wider range and then probably update over the course of the year. So, that's our view on it.
Richard O'Leary: I think, the other thing for me, Mark, is as we talked about on the last call, I mean, we're still -- it's still unclear to what extent the improvement we've seen late in 2017 and how much of that is going to be volume impacts and inventory at our customer levels and restocking. So, I think that's why -- some of those factors are why we use a wider range this time.
Mark Astrachan: Got it. And just to elaborate on that, and then I want to ask the second question. Six weeks into the first quarter at this point, so I guess, maybe color as it relates to your last bit of commentary would be helpful in terms of sort of how you're seeing things so far. And then just switching a bit to growth margin. So, your ability to take pricing given, obviously, higher input costs now, the BASF issues and the commentary from last call about slightly pushback from customers in terms of the ability to take pricing or at least their pushback on needing to hit their own internal earnings target. How do you think about the puts and takes that where we are? And how do you think about the longer term ability to grow growth margins relative to the level where you were at the end of 2017?
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Okay, I'll take that. So, as we said, the start into the first quarter was a very, very good start, what we have seen so far. So, -- and we are closing in February next week, which is good, good data point. On the pricing, we are certainly in negotiation with our customers. We believe that we can recover our pricing. As you well know from the past, it will take some time to recover the pricing. You always had a -- have a time lag in it, whether it's based on inventory or the negotiation of the contract you have in place, but we are fairly optimistic that we get it done. But we have to recognize all. It's a very complex situation for us right now, because on one hand you have the raw material prices, on the other hand, you have the BASF situation, which are completely two different animals. And I think that, that's not easy to explain. But I hope when we are through the whole situation BASF situation, it's easier to show where we are. That's pricing. And growth margin, on the fourth quarter what you have seen probably a bit of a mix impact and the raw material, but we certainly want to make sure this year that we work on the mix to make sure that we are really very well in place and about the raw material and the pricing we talk. But I don't know, Rich, whether you want to add on this?
Richard O'Leary: Yes, sure. I mean, I think it -- I mean, just to echo a couple of Andreas' comments. At the end, I think it was a -- it has been a good start to the first quarter from a margin perspective. We've had some -- in Q4, some productivity, some one-off items that we saw in the quarter. As I think about 2018 margin relative to 2017, as you said, Mark, we're going to have pricing increases to cover the normal input cost increases. On top of that, we've got BASF. So, that by definition is going to put pressure on margins for 2018. We've got some of the carryover pricing more in the first half, obviously, in the second half from our customers. So, that's going to put further pressure, I think, in the first half of 2018. And then, as you saw in the operating profit bridge, I mean, the two percentage point net impact that we currently believe is achievable in 2018 for BASF is going to have a direct impact on margin. So, when I look at in total, I'd say that our expectations for margins in 2018 are probably flat to maybe down slightly.
Mark Astrachan: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kate Grafstein with Barclays.
Katie Grafstein: Thanks. So, just looking back at your initial expected profit bridge for 2017 that you gave last February, I was wondering if you could talk about what performed better or worse than you initially expected? And did you achieve the four to four and a half points of benefit from productivity and cost savings?
Richard O'Leary: Sure. Thanks Kate. No problem. There's a lot there, but let me try to stick with the highlights. I think top line growth was better than what we expected. So, overall growth in the business was better than what we expected. I think you've heard us talk throughout the year, M&A, particularly, the Flavors, Tastepoint business performed well and probably exceeded expectations. Price input cost was -- I would say is unfavorable. We've had the pricing pressure on, particularly in Fragrances that we've talked about since the middle of the year. So that was a negative. Mix, particularly, in the middle part of the year was a big drag that we talked about on the second and third quarter calls. From a productivity standpoint, I think we were slightly ahead of our goals for 2017 in terms of the profit improvement program. The components may have shifted a little bit, but we're slightly ahead of where we expected to be.
Katie Grafstein: Thank you. And just one other thing on the strength of North America Fine Fragrances. Just wondering if it was due to any one customer, in particular? Or if -- and then, like, the split between existing business and new wins.
Andreas Fibig: It was actually not one customer. So, it was more across the Board was broader, which is good. And the volumes went up as well, which was driving it. So, all-in-all, very, very positive, because it's not a one-off and it's just not one customer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael Sison: Hey guys. In terms of the BASF situation, does it affect Flavors more or Fragrances? And maybe can you talk about the core growth in each of those segments in 2018 based on your outlook?
Richard O'Leary: Yes. And Mike, it's primarily Fragrances in terms of BASF. The principal impact on Flavors is on menthol. But the vast majority of the impact is on the Fragrance side, because it's used in so many different formulas. In terms of growth in the two business units in 2018, there is -- I think, it's pretty similar growth expectations for both businesses.
Michael Sison: Okay. And for the citral situation, is it more your inability to get the raw material versus the higher prices? And are there other ways to may be source some of these materials?
Richard O'Leary: No, I think, Mike, we're -- we actually feel very good. And I think you heard it in Andreas' comments that we're actually well-positioned and we feel good that we've been able to maintain continuity of supply to our customers. However, to do that, we're having to deal with increased input costs and the market pricing has driven dramatically in late -- beginning in October and November when the -- when BASF had first made the announcement. We've had to make choices internally and shift internal capacity. We're vertically integrated. So, part of the impact that we're seeing is we're having to give up external sales on Ingredients in order to give preference to our customers, though it's a variety of factors. Most of that is the input -- the actual cost of the input, cost and some incremental manufacturing expenses to get the product in the right place, some work in terms of Nicolas' team from a creation standpoint to be able to adapt with changes that the customers are asking us for.
Michael Sison: Great. And then last one. Andreas, when you think about the trend to naturals. Can you maybe just give us an update on where we're at there? Are you start -- are you continuing to see a lot of momentum in new product development from customers? And what inning do you think we are in that trend longer term?
Andreas Fibig: No, Mike, absolutely. The trend stays and it's gaining even momentum. We have it, as you well know, on the Flavors already, because 90% of our, let's say, briefs in North America in Flavors are basically for naturals. So, you see -- and that's why we're catering with our PowderPure acquisition as well. So, we are strengthening even our position here. But now we see it more and more on the Fragrance side as well, and not just on the pure fragrance, also on the active cosmetics. That's a natural element, plays much, much a bigger role. And I don't expect that this will go away. So, that's something -- a trend which is still pretty much intact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck: Good morning. It's Silke Kueck for Jeff. How are you?
Andreas Fibig: Good, very well. Good morning Silke.
Richard O'Leary: Good morning Silke.
Silke Kueck: So, my first question is just a question of clarification. So, what you said is that there was $15 million pension-related benefit in 2016 that you now will capture in other income. And there was an even higher pension benefit of $30 million in your 2017 operating income, which will now become part of other income, so, effectively, your operating income in 2017. So, it's like, we're really at a slower rate, right? So, it's, like, went from $605 million to $616 million, is that correct?
Richard O'Leary: Yes, I mean, it's part of our normal pension expenses and what we have to deal with as a company year in, year out. I mean, for a long time, the cost was going up every year, and we were having to absorb it, particularly, post-Lehman crisis when asset returns were hurt significantly. So, it's a function of the overall economics of the business that we've had to deal with over the last several years.
Silke Kueck: Secondly, how do you think about incentive accruals in 2018? Will that be headwind, the benefit, do you have some thoughts about that?
Richard O'Leary: I'd say, it's going to be -- it should be flat to slight benefit.
Silke Kueck: And in terms of your tax rate, there's various change that's taking place. Will there be a change in your cash tax rate? Or can you tell us what your cash tax rate was in 2017 and what you expect it to be in 2018? As best as you can tell with the information that you have today.
Richard O'Leary: What I can say is that I don't have my cash tax rate off the top of my head. I mean, obviously, if you think about the charge we recorded, it's a $139 million, about $100 million of that is the transitional tax, the remaining part of that is a reevaluation of the deferred tax assets on our balance sheet. That $100 million, the actual amount we're going to have to pay over the next eight years is going to be, probably call it, two-thirds of that number, because of credits we have available. So, from a cash standpoint, that's going to hurt us in 2018 versus 2017, because we're going to have to start to make that payment spread over the next eight years. So, I would expect our cash effective tax rate to be worse than it was in 2017.
Silke Kueck: And I've got a final question on the Fragrance business. Like, the underlying -- like, even if I strip out the acquisition, it looks like Fragrance sales in North America were really exceptionally strong. So, I was wondering whether you can sort of, like, talk about the Fragrance business in North America. What it may -- what rate it grew at in the individual divisions, excluding the acquisition and what was behind that?
Richard O'Leary: Yes. So, I mean, it's overall -- I mean, the effect of -- I mean, big part of that on the compound business in total would have been -- it's about half of the compounds, a little bit, call it one-third of the growth, it's about 10% growth, double-digit growth in compounds in total, and their balance is going to be Fragrance Resources. Fine Fragrance grew -- again, on an organic basis, grew high single-digits, Consumer Fragrance grew low double-digits. So it's pretty strong across the entire business in North America. Win rates were pretty consistent with what we've seen, but the big piece was volume recovery on existing business.
Andreas Fibig: Yes.
Silke Kueck: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: Yes. Hi, good morning.
Andreas Fibig: Hey, good morning.
Richard O'Leary: Good morning.
Faiza Alwy: So, just one or two questions from me. First of all, can you talk a little bit more about the pricing pressure that you are seeing from your customers? Is this something new in terms of because the competitive environment changed. Because historically, the view was that Flavors and Fragrances are such a small percentage of products overall costs, that there isn't a lot of pushback from customers, but that's clearly changed over the last, I'd say, year or so. Can you just, Andreas, maybe give us a little bit more perspective on perhaps if the competitive environment is having an impact on that?
Richard O'Leary: Sure, Faiza. I mean I think there's a couple of things to keep in mind. I mean we've talked -- they are customers, particularly, our global customers. We've talked about this for the last several calls about having significant productivity improvement programs in their business. So, we're not immune to that. We talk about how we deal with that in terms of a combination of pricing, reformulation, substitution, tradeoffs. So, I mean, I think, the pricing pressure was more significant in the middle part of the year. If you look at pricing in Q4 for Fragrances, it was slightly positive. So, I think we talked about during the course of the year that we -- it was going to get better. I think, as I said, I expect to see some carryover impact in early 2018. But it's never easy. I'm never going to sit here and look at Nicolas or Matthias in the face and tell him it's easy to raise prices in their teams. It's a lot of work. It takes a lot of focus and discussion. We've got contracts we have to deal with in terms of when the windows open up, what the thresholds of the increase have to be. So, it takes, I think, over the time and we've shown that pretty consistently over the last 10 years that we can get there. Sometimes, it takes a little bit longer than we want to.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. No, I'm fairly optimistic on this one as well. I think we know how to deal with it. We know how to operate in that environment. And this year, as we said before, it's a little bit more complex because we have to distinct between the raw material price increase and the BASF situation, which makes it not easy. But we're fairly optimistic that we can do it as we've done it before.
Faiza Alwy: Okay, okay. And then, Andreas, can you talk a little bit more about your M&A outlook strategies? What are you focused -- most focused on in terms of targets for -- especially for 2018? And then just, Rich, the cash flow, as you mentioned, was pretty weak in 2017. Do you have any targets or goals that you're looking for in 2018? Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: No, look, Faiza, as we have done it in the last three years, we have all our list we're working on. We are actually very happy that all the five acquisitions we have done in the last three years are actually performing all very well. And actually all above the business case, which is a very, very good thing. And there's nothing extraordinary what I can announce right now. But we are certainly, let's say, going forward with our strategy, which is described in our Vision 2020, where M&A is an active pillar of our strategy. We're certainly looking at a couple of exciting technology moves as well, but it's too early to talk about it.
Richard O'Leary: From a cash flow standpoint, Faiza, I mean, clearly 2017 was not a good year. We're down about $160 million year-over-year in cash flow from operations. I mean some of the pieces you're already aware of and everyone is aware of; the litigation settlement, $56 million; working capital was about $45 million higher. It's an increase in terms of cash outflow. I mean we did improve as a percent of sales by about 20 basis points on our core working capital, but it was well below what our expectations were. On top of that, there's probably about a $25 million-or-so impact on our cash flows this year -- or last year, 2017, related to the productivity-improvement program, the acquisitions and the integration costs related to that. So, the balance of it, call it $30 million or so is really around indirect taxes, prepayments, some of the more normal day-to-day stuff. Expectations for next year, obviously, is going to be significantly improved. If you take out just the two -- I'll call them more one-offs, the litigation and the integration-type things and productivity program, that's $80 million in itself. And then we're going to have the increased profitability of the business, and we're certainly targeting improvements in working capital this year. I think, it's going to be -- working capital is probably going to be back-ended, because we're going to have to deal with inventories and pricing associated with citral in the first half of this year. And we'll get the pricing in the second half of the year, as I talked about earlier. So, I think, it's -- the improvement's going to be back-ended. I am happy to say that, if I look at the fourth quarter alone, cash flow in 2017 was only slightly below what we saw in 2016. So, it was a tough start to the year undoubtedly. First nine months of the year was where most of the gap in cash flow generation occurred.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you. How much of the sales growth in Fragrance Ingredients was priced to pass through the higher raw materials? I think that segment is the most impacted and fasted impacted with raw materials.
Andreas Fibig: It's true. John, that's Andreas. Good morning. It's true, but not yet. It's too early that the pricing will come down in the first half of the year.
John Roberts: So, that was mostly volume then?
Andreas Fibig: It was basically -- you might remember up to two years ago, we were not growing in Fragrance Ingredients and we had to turnaround the business and came up with a turnaround strategy. And now the team is basically executing on the turnaround strategy and has a lot of innovation in the pipeline as well, which means new molecules we can offer to our customers and that's yielding right now. So, there's basically no pricing up to now.
John Roberts: Well. And then, Rich, given 80% of your sales are outside the U.S., I was surprised that you were able to lower tax rate as much as you did. Is there anything significant beyond just statutory U.S. rate decline?
Richard O'Leary: John, there's -- there are so many moving pieces. I think, obviously, that's the biggest piece of it, because I mean we've got executive complements that are headwind we have to deal and manage through the Base Erosion Tax, the BEAT Tax. So, -- but if you the -- if you sort of boil it down on one thing, it's going to be the rate reduction.
John Roberts: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein.
Gunther Zechmann: Hey everyone. Can I just ask on multinationals versus regionals in your customer group? Is that still 50-50 or has that shifted because the number of the acquisitions that you've made are targeted towards those faster-growing local champions? So, could you give an update there? And then in the slide deck, you expect, on page 14, an acceleration of CPG companies from three-year average of 0.4% to 2% in 2018. What's that based on please?
Richard O'Leary: Sure. Probably, I'll start with the last one. For the CPGs, it's basically street expectations, which we talked. So, Mike extracted that and we put it in. And on the customer side, we are around about still 50-50, but certainly would have better growth rate on the smaller customer. So, it probably will tilt a bit towards this over the next couple of months.
Gunther Zechmann: Okay. And can I just check on the 2% of the CPG companies. I know it's early in the year, but is that something that acceleration that you're observing in your orders as well?
Andreas Fibig: Yes, we do. Absolutely. And then we saw already with the volume, because the volume is helping in the fourth quarter.
Richard O'Leary: Second half of the year. I mean--
Andreas Fibig: On second half of the year you can say, in particular. For Fragrance, it was actually a pretty strong turnaround.
Gunther Zechmann: Very clear. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: I'm sorry, Q1, I forgot about this, but we see it in the first couple of weeks here in the new quarter as well.
Gunther Zechmann: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fintan Ryan with Berenberg.
Fintan Ryan: Good morning gentlemen. I just have a question in terms of some of your key geographies. Wondering could you give a bit more color on what you're seeing on the demand side in Brazil, Latin America and China within the Greater Asia region? They have been areas of relative softness over the recent quarters. And I guess, the outlook for 2018. Do you see the emerging markets acceleration driving the sales growth? Or do you expect growth to be sort of broadly split between developed and emerging markets? thank you.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you for the question. I'll start with the last one first. We see actually a broad-based growth over all regions for 2018. In specific on Brazil or LatAm, we see -- or we have seen that it turn around Brazil for the Fragrance business actually in the second half, which is a good sign, because it's a very important market for Fragrance and it looks like it will stay like this for 2018 as well. On Asia, we see very, very strong growth in India, very double digit. And you might have seen that we have announced the building of two new factories, Fragrances and Flavors, actually the biggest one in that case in India. In China, it's still a little bit of a rough patch. You might remember two years ago, we had the incident in our Flavors factory. We are building a second backup plan, which will be inaugurated probably end of third quarter, fourth quarter this year, so that we are over this hump as well and can produce against good growth coming out of China. But again, the emerging markets are coming back, which is great, but what we have seen is actually very good growth out of the United States, as you have seen and also Western Europe. We shouldn't underestimate that and that's still a pretty significant piece of our business. So, all in all, a pretty broad-based approach. With a couple of pockets where we believe good growth comes on, like Brazil, for example, or India.
Fintan Ryan: Okay. Thank you for the clarity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. good morning everyone. I was hoping to go back to the sales growth guidance and just to be clear. So, 3% to 5% currency-neutral growth, the company did 4% organic, a little bit -- couple of basis points above that in 2017, so middle of the range. You've talked about your customers expecting an acceleration in volume growth in 2018. You've talked about your orders being healthy at the start of the year. And there is an expectation that pricing will be accelerating as you move through the year to recover raw materials. So, I'm just trying to think about that organic sales growth guidance and why there wouldn't -- what's decelerating in the mix to get to the 3% to 5% range if you have those kind of pieces moving where they are actually right now?
Richard O'Leary: Sure, it's Rich. Let me try to give -- I think, you heard our comments earlier around -- there's still a fair amount of uncertainty in the market. And so given that, we took a wider range. I mean, I think certainly as we look at the components, we probably have about a 1.5 of growth embedded in the guidance related to pricing. The remaining is the volume impact, but I certainly hope that we can be at the higher end of the range and beat that. I think as Andreas talked about earlier, we've had a good start to the first quarter, but six weeks don't make a year or seven weeks don't make a year. The situation -- the supply situation and the pricing impact and the impact that's going to have as we work that through in both businesses is probably the key drivers on why we've taken a relatively cautious approach in terms of our guidance for 2018.
Andreas Fibig: But we certainly can give you more details as soon as we know when the BASF plant is up on stream online again. And then in our -- what is it, second quarter -- first quarter call, we can give you a good update where we see things panning out. But I would echo Rich's comments here. It's a lot of moving pieces right now and that's the reason why we said, let's be prudent here and then come up with that guidance.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then just a quick clarification on the EPS guidance, the 4% to 6% currency-neutral against the 5% to 7% operating profit currency-neutral growth range. Tax rate's flat year-over-year. What below the line would be causing EPS to grow slower than operating profit?
Richard O'Leary: Yes. No, it's a good question. I mean, I think there's a couple of things. I mean tax is slightly unfavorable, so that's going to be a piece of -- it's a little bit. In 2017, when there is elements of other income that we don't forecast or beat, sort of the miscellaneous items or one-off items really the only thing we embed into our guidance for the current year, i.e. is going to be the interest income component of it. The rest of it, miscellaneous sales and gains, we do not include in that guidance. And then the last piece, there is the -- given what's going on in terms of our pension plans, interest rates, the amortization schedules on the unrecognized gains and losses, the benefit in 2018 versus 2017 for the pension change is a slight headwind also. Interest expense, we're forecasting -- that's the other piece, we're forecasting to be higher in 2018 versus 2017.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Hundley with The Vertical Group.
Brett Hundley: Hey, thank you. Good morning guys.
Andreas Fibig: Good morning Brett.
Brett Hundley: I joined the call a little late, so I apologize if you guys already talked about this. But on the Fragrances business in Q4, that year-on-year margin declined. I think, it was roughly 200 basis points, if I'm not mistaken. Did -- can you or did you parse out the margin impacts by group, mix being one, price recovery of inputs being two, and then just three, higher core operating cost?
Richard O'Leary: We don't -- when I'm breaking out the individual components, I would tell you sort of the big buckets. I mentioned in my comments, Andreas' comments, we talked about unfavorable -- higher input costs in Q4 for the Fragrance business. Pricing was up slightly, but not enough to offset the increased input cost. We've got the negative impact principally related to incentive comp reset and the performance of the business. And to a lesser extent some -- I'll call them, selected investments in RSA. Those are probably the three biggest drivers.
Brett Hundley: Okay, that's helpful. Sorry if you had to repeat that.
Richard O'Leary: No, it's okay. And the amortization -- sorry and the amortization cost is the other piece of it, which I didn't have to recall.
Brett Hundley: Okay. Maybe hanging on to the raw material discussion. So, we understand that a fair amount of the drive higher in synthetic raws is related maybe to a stance by the Chinese government where it's becoming a little bit more focused on manufacturing in certain regions in country. And I'm just kind of curious what you are seeing from that region. I know you have a couple of plants there and you're working to make some consolidation efforts. If you are just seeing any disruption or if it's kind of just business as usual for you guys?
Andreas Fibig: No, I would say, it's business as usual, in particular in the materials we are buying. So, there's nothing extraordinary. But--
Richard O'Leary: No, I mean, I would probably say, it's -- I'm not sure I would have called it business as usual, given the investments we've had to make over the last several years in moving plants to work as good partners with the government, both on the Flavor side and our Ingredients business. We talked about that on the -- in the third quarter call, our two Ingredients business. But I mean, we feel good about our ability to operate going forward. I think there's probably been some small intermittent issues where local players are going to have to may be dealing with the government coming down on them. But I wouldn't say there's anything significant from a supply chain issue that we are seeing.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from the line of Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein.
Gunther Zechmann: Hey, guys, just a follow-up. Can I check on Dairy? And what happened there in Q4? It's still in the area you don't explicitly split out this contributing to growth. And I thought that's the one area where the vanilla pricing be passed or have passed on should contribute to organic growth.
Richard O'Leary: I think part of it -- I think probably the biggest driver, Gunther, is the prior year comp being quite strong.
Gunther Zechmann: Okay. So, the outlook for 2018 is unchanged?
Richard O'Leary: Yes, it's positive. Yes.
Andreas Fibig: Yes.
Richard O'Leary: There's nothing fundamental in the business has changed.
Gunther Zechmann: Great. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you very much for your attention and the questions. And we certainly will follow-up by one-on-one calls. Thank you very much and have a good day.
Richard O'Leary: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. [07BDC1-E Rich O'Leary] Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.
Analysts: Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Katie Grafstein - Barclays Capital, Inc. Heidi Vesterinen - Exane BNP Paribas Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd. Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Patrick Lambert - Raymond James Financial International Ltd. Brandon Groeger - Vertical Trading Group LLC Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances' Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. Participants will be announced by their name and company. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's third quarter 2017 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.IFF.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2017. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on February 28, 2017, and our press release that we filed yesterday. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued yesterday. With me on the call is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rich O'Leary. We will start with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have. With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Mike. As usually, I would like to start with an executive overview of our financial performance for the third quarter. Then, I want to provide some key highlights of our strategic progression. Once finished, I will ask Rich to cover our financial results in greater detail, including specifics on each business unit, as well as our cash flow statement and outlook for the remainder of the year. We are pleased with our third quarter results, as we achieved growth across all categories and regions. Currency neutral sales grew 12% on a consolidated basis, with an equal contribution from Flavors and Fragrances. Both business units delivered marked improvements versus the first half, moving from a low single-digit organic performance to mid-single-digit organic growth in quarter three, led by strong new win performance as well as improved volume trends on existing business. Our top line also continues to benefit from our recent acquisitions, contributing approximately 6 percentage points of growth in the quarter. At the same time, our focus on driving greater efficiencies throughout our business, via costs and productivity initiatives, continue to support overall profitability, as currency neutral adjusted operating profit grew 7% this quarter. Rich will take you through the drivers of year-over-year profit performance. Currency neutral adjusted EPS increased 5%, driven primarily by operating profit growth, a lower effective tax rate and a year-over-year reduction in shares outstanding, which more than offset high interest expense related to dual carrying cost on our recent $500 million bond as well as existing private placements which matured in September. Fully recognizing that we have and continue to operate in a challenging global environment, we are pleased with our financial performance through September 2017. Our team continues to deliver winning innovative solutions to our customers, while achieving sustained profitable growth for shareholders. On a year-to-year basis, currency neutral sales growth for the first nine months was strong at 9%, with 11% percent growth in Flavors and 7% growth in Fragrances. Adjusted operating profit grew 5% and adjusted EPS increased 8%, both on currency neutral basis. I wanted to take a few minutes to highlight a few of our strategic accomplishments in the third quarter. In terms of innovating, first, in Flavors, sales of our sweetness and savory modulation portfolio continued its trend of strong double-digit currency neutral growth across all categories, led by Savory (sic) [Sweet] (5:00) and Dairy. In the Fragrance side, encapsulation-related sales grew high single digits, led primarily by Fabric Care and Personal Wash. Tastepoint, our new brand within IFF, designed to service the dynamic and faster growing middle market customers in North America, improved strong double digits in the third quarter. This early success shows that our efforts have been very well received by our middle market customers and that combining the long-established and well-regarded relationships of Ottens Flavors and David Michael is the right approach to serve these critically important growth accounts. Lucas Meyer Cosmetics, acquired now two years ago, remains a primary growth driver as Cosmetic Active Ingredients continues its strong growth, improving double digits in the third quarter. We also opened a fully-renovated and expanded facility in Cairo, Egypt. This investment supports both our regional focus on growth in the Middle East and Africa, as well as our focus on key categories, providing enhanced services to customers and strengthening our presence in the key market. The expanded labs will allow us to better serve our Egyptian customers and strengthen our market presence in Africa and the Middle East, as it remains a critical component of our long-term strategy. I should note that in the third quarter, our Middle East, Africa region improved high single digits. I'm also happy to announce that we recently launched our Re-Imagine programs in flavors to accelerate innovation and increase agility to capture unmet opportunities in the changing food and beverage market. Based on a combination of future trends analysis, consumer insight and a modernized cross-category development process, the programs guide our research and development efforts to ensure an innovation pipeline that addresses the evolving consumer needs and desires. It is another way in which we show how we are dedicated to being our customers' partner of choice as we progress our business strategy, imbue sustainable thinking throughout the creation process, and continue to strengthen our industry-leading innovation platforms. The programs focus on six key areas, including culinary, citrus, delivery systems, naturals, modulation and protein, and were selected based on market potential, customer input, expert industry collaboration and versatility across end-use categories. They consider a rapidly changing world from the expectation of sophisticated consumers too busy to cook for themselves, to the realities of a warming climate and its impact on key crops and ingredients, to an increased awareness of our role in the health of the planet. This extensive innovation platform requires an innovative approach to taste creation. To address this, our bespoke IFF Taste Design is a combination of artisanal, handcrafted techniques and proprietary technologies that drive consumer preference and market differentiation. We believe that both our Re-Imagine programs and our IFF Taste Design approach will provide our customers with winning tastes and further establish us as their essential partner. In terms of sustainability, I'm pleased to announce that we have joined FReSH, a project of the World Business Council on (sic) [for] (8:39) Sustainable Development designed to improve the health of people and the planet while recalibrating the global system of consumption, transportation, production, and agriculture, thus achieving the initiatives goal to make responsibly-produced healthy, enjoyable diets available for all. As a standing member of the WBCSD, IFF will join forces with the EAT Foundation and 25 leading businesses and science companies to accelerate transformational change in global food systems. We are passionate about doing the right thing and happy to have the opportunity to contribute in areas where we can make a positive difference in the world. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Rich.
[07BDC1-E Rich O'Leary]: Thank you, Andreas. Before reviewing our results by business unit, I'd like to start by walking you through the drivers of currency neutral adjusted operating profit growth. On this slide, we show you the year-over-year impact in terms of contribution of growth, expressed as a percentage of our restated third quarter 2016 adjusted operating profit. Starting with the second bar, you can see that volume represented 15 percentage points of operating profit growth. In the third bar, the net contribution of acquisitions added 5 percentage points of operating profit growth, but please note that this also includes both operating performance and synergies. We also continued to benefit from our cost and productivity initiatives. Through the likes of formula optimization, procurement savings plus the restructuring program savings, we've delivered approximately 4 percentage points of benefit year-over-year. If we combine all cost and productivity programs into one bucket, including both organic and inorganic components, it would represent approximately 7 percentage points expressed as a percentage of operating profit. From a headwind perspective, as seen in the next bar, sales mix had a negative impact as we experienced stronger share of sales growth in Savory, specifically snacks; Fabric Care; and Fragrance Ingredients, which have lower than average margin profiles. In the sixth bar, price to input costs was unfavorable by about 4 percentage points, as favorability in Flavors was offset by Fragrance. This reflects targeted adjustments with select customers as well as strategic price reductions within Fragrance Ingredients. In the next bar, we have highlighted RSA expenses, which represented a 9 percentage point headwind. Please note that included in the bar is incentive compensation, where we have a large year-over-year variance, and represents approximately two-thirds of the change. Regarding incentive compensation, we are highly incentivized to deliver on our financial commitments. There are variations in incentive compensation, as it is based on our performance relative to our annual plan. If we achieve our financial targets, we receive 100% of our designated payout. Should we over or under-perform versus plan, our incentive compensation is adjusted higher or lower. In terms of the year-over-year comparison in the third quarter, we have large delta as we are comparing to a lower base period due to under-performance (12:14) in the prior year quarter versus strong results in the current year quarter. For simplicity purposes, we grouped several miscellaneous items into Other, as they're negligible. Turning to the business unit reviews for the third quarter, Flavors currency neutral sales increased 12%, with a strong contribution related to the acquisition of David Michael and, to a much lesser extent, PowderPure, as well as mid-single-digit organic growth where all categories, led by Savory, improved year-over-year, driven by new wins. From a regional perspective, all four regions delivered growth, led by strong double-digit performance in North America, which improved 28%, reflecting additional sales related to acquisitions, principally David Michael, as well as high single-digit growth on an organic basis, driven by new win performance in Savory and Beverage. EAME increased 12% on a currency neutral basis, inclusive of the additional sales related to the acquisition of David Michael, with the strongest growth in Beverage, (sic) [Savory] (13:28) and Dairy. On a geographic basis, Western, Central and Southeast Europe, as well as Africa and Middle East all reported strong growth. Greater Asia grew 2% on a currency neutral basis in the third quarter, driven principally by double-digit growth in India and high single-digit growth in Thailand. Latin America increased 1% on a currency neutral basis, as growth in Colombia and Argentina more than offset softness in Brazil. In the third quarter, we experienced isolated pressure with a limited number of customers who are experienced challenges on a volume metric basis. On a currency neutral segment profit basis, Flavors grew approximately 19%, led by volume growth, the contribution of acquisitions and the benefit from productivity initiatives. Overall price versus input cost was slightly favorable in the quarter. The situation regarding raw materials, such as vanilla and citrus, remains fluid and volatile. And we continue to pursue price increases where appropriate. In terms of currency neutral segment profit margin, we achieved margin expansion year-over-year of approximately 130 basis points to 22.3%. Fragrance currency neutral sales improved 12%, as overall growth was broad-based, with a balanced contribution between organic and acquired businesses. Regionally, growth was strongest in EAME and Latin America, increasing double digits, followed by mid-single-digit growth in Greater Asia. From a category perspective, Fine Fragrance improved 18% on a currency neutral basis, including Fragrance Resources. Organically, performance was driven by strong new wins in EAME, Greater Asia and North America, as well as improved volume trends in Latin America. Some of those new launches included YSL Y, Armani Because It's You by L'Oreal, At The Beach by Limited Brands, and Pure XS by Pooch (15:37-15:47). Consumer Fragrances grew 11% on a currency neutral basis, with a balanced contribution from organic business and additional sales related to the acquisition of Fragrance Resources. Organically, nearly all categories achieved growth, led by strong double-digit growth in Home Care and high single-digit growth in Fabric Care, driven primarily by wins. I'd like to note that Consumer Fragrances showed a marked improvement relative to second quarter of 2017, growing 6% year-over-year, as volume on existing business was positive in Q3. Fragrance Ingredient sales were up 8% on a currency neutral basis, primarily driven by double-digit growth in EAME and Latin America. IFF Lucas Meyer Cosmetics also continued to perform well, as it grew double-digits in the third quarter. From a profit perspective, Fragrance currency neutral segment profit increased 6% on a currency neutral basis, as volume growth, the contribution of acquisitions and the benefits from productivity initiatives more than offset unfavorable price to input cost, weaker sales mix and higher incentive compensation expense. We do expect to see input costs rising as we exit 2017 and, as such, have already initiated discussions with our customers regarding the need for price recovery in 2018. In terms of currency neutral segment profit margin, our profile remains strong at 20.2%. Moving on to cash flow, operating cash flow was $199 million year-to-date which compares to $342 million in the first nine months of 2016. Performance was adversely impacted primarily by the previously-announced ZoomEssence litigation settlement, which was about $56 million, and higher working capital requirements, in particular, accounts receivable. It should be noted that we expect accounts receivable to improve going forward, partly due to timing, regarding stronger sales in Q3 with collections in Q4, and as well as traction on our improvement program. From a capital allocation standpoint, we spent approximately $77 million on capital expenditures or about 3% of sales, and we believe we will spend approximately 4% to 4.5% of sales in 2017. Regarding cash return to shareholders, through the first nine months, we've spent approximately $152 million on dividends and $53 million on share repurchases. Last week, our Board of Directors approved an extension of our existing share repurchase authorization through 2022 with a total value of $300 million, including approximately $50 million remaining on our prior authorization. This share repurchase authorization is consistent with our established return of capital strategy and reinforces our belief that IFF is well-positioned for the future. Our strong financial position and cash generation enables us to return cash to our shareholders, as we continue to strategically invest both organically and through acquisitions to create long-term value for our shareholders. Based on our year-to-date performance and our outlook for the fourth quarter, we remain optimistic that we can achieve our previously-stated currency neutral guidance for the full year 2017. We are reiterating our currency neutral sales growth projection of 7.5% to 8.5%, with the expectation that we could be at the higher end of that range. We expect high single-digit growth across both business units, with broad-based contributions from acquisitions and organic performance. From an adjusted operating profit and EPS perspective, excluding the impact of currency, we expect to achieve 5.5% to 6.5% and 6.5% to 7.5%, respectively. While our currency neutral guidance has not changed, the effect of currency movements on our results has moved. From a top-line perspective, the impact of currency improved approximately 100 basis points, essentially having no impact for the full year, primarily driven by an improvement in the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate. On a profit and an EPS basis, we anticipate a 50 basis point (20:51) improvement versus last quarter. And on a full-year basis, we expect that the impact of foreign exchange on adjusted operating profit to be approximately 1% and approximately 2 percentage points on adjusted EPS. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Rich. In summary, we are very pleased with the strong financial performance we achieved in the third quarter. We continue to be focused on the execution of our long-term strategy, accelerating growth, increasing differentiation, and driving cost efficiencies to drive sustainable, profitable growth in the future and maximize value creation for our shareholders. And, as Rich just stated, we are on track to deliver our previously-stated 2017 financial goals on a currency neutral base. With that, I would now like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, hey, thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Morning, Mark.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: It's afternoon where I am, actually, but nonetheless, wanted to ask about the top-line expectations for the year. So that implies fourth quarter with pretty nice acceleration on the tough comparison. I guess, trying of figure out exactly how to think about what's improving in the business, what gives you visibility that you're going to be able to see that improvement, given those comparisons? Maybe you could talk a bit about category and what sort of has surprised you. Obviously, with a strong third quarter number as you head into year-end and I know (22:33) preliminarily, but how you think about that heading into the first half of next year as well, when you have more favorable comparisons?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay, Mark, let me take it. So if we look into the fourth quarter, we had a strong start into the fourth quarter up to the end of October. So that's a good thing. What we see is that our performance, and particular in Fragrance, is just pretty, pretty strong. And it's continuing and has a very, very good momentum. On 2018, I prefer not to comment right now. You know, we do this usually in February because, first of all, we have to close our fourth quarter, but the start was pretty good. Rich, any...
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. A couple of things from my perspective, Mark, I mean, I think we did expect to see improvements in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year. I think we've got good strong win performance in both businesses, particularly Fine Fragrance. In that category, you heard in our commentary regarding the third quarter, there's a strong volume component in terms of on existing business. Some of that, we believe, is event-driven and potentially timing. So the impact between Q2, Q3, Q4 is still a little bit volatile, but I think we feel, again, as Andreas said, looking at the start to the quarter, we definitely feel like it's the trend. I don't think it's going to be at the same level as Q3, but certainly an improvement versus what we saw in the first half of the year.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. That's helpful. And just on gross margin, wanted to try to understand the puts and takes there and specifically try to figure out the puts and takes between mix and price concessions or pricing that you're giving customers. And maybe can you help us sort of explain exactly what is going on there. And I guess just lastly, how do you think about that going forward? I mean, I guess just fourth quarter, if you don't want to talk about 2018, but what the puts and takes are would be helpful.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure. I mean, I think from the first standpoint, I mean, let me take mix as a starting point. As I said in the comments, I think mix is driven by our customers. And what they order is what we're going to deliver. And I think we saw, as I said: really strong growth, strong double-digit growth in Savory, particularly snacks, in the Flavors business, that has below average margins from an overall standpoint; Fragrance Ingredients, similar story, good growth, high single digits, below average margins; and Fabric Care, good growth. So I think that's clearly the drivers of mix. I think that we're going to still see mix headwinds in Q4. The second component of that, price to input costs, really, I would say, two different dynamics going on there. On the flavor side, as I said in my commentary, overall price to input cost was flat to slightly favorable. And we've been able to recover and pass through the increases that we're seeing in the naturals, that we've talked about previously, like citrus and vanilla. On the Fragrance side, we've got Fragrance Ingredients. We've talked about the strategic pricing changes we made late last year to rebalance and drive growth in that business by making modest changes in there. The impact related to that has been fairly stable. Where we're seeing the greatest amount of pressure is on the compound side. We've got large customers that have significant improvement objectives of their own. We have to work with them and balance their short-term objectives, but do it in a way that provides us long-term growth opportunities. We're not going to jeopardize the entire business. On top of that, we're starting to see an acceleration of input costs in the second half of this year. Input costs were up slightly in Q2 year-over-year for the Fragrance business. That accelerated in Q3. And that's why we talked about the need to drive and realize price realization going forward for the Fragrance business.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Could you just quantify the impact in gross margin between mix and price concessions?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I would say mix on gross margin was probably 60 basis points, more or less, and about 80 basis points for price and input costs.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kate Grafstein with Barclays.
Katie Grafstein - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. So I just wanted to ask a question on the emerging markets growth. The 7% growth is the highest level I think since 2015. Do you see this as a sustainable inflection point? And I guess how much of the acceleration is about true market growth and an improvement in consumer demand or optimism from customers ahead of real consumer acceleration? And then just if you could also discuss the improvement in the context of both local, regionals and multinationals, that would also be helpful. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: You can get started. (28:23)
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure, Katie. I mean, I think it's still quite volatile. I think that, as I talked about, I mean, I think that we've seen on the last call and then we talked about in today's call that I think we've seen improvements in Latin America on the Fragrance side, improvements in Brazil. One of our largest customers, a local regional customer, has had a strong turnaround in their business in Brazil and Latin America in the third quarter. We feel good about that. But I would not say that we're sort of out of the woods. We saw strength in, I think, Middle East, Africa, Eastern Europe, certainly for Flavors; continues to be a positive and a bright spot. I think that on the Fragrance side, Indonesia and India had strong growth in the quarter. There's still uncertainty and challenges in Indonesia and China for the Flavors business. So I would say it's better. I'm not sure I'm ready to say it's an inflection point, but, again, there's a big piece of what we saw in both businesses in Q3 versus Q2, in particular, was the volume component on existing business was much better in Q3 versus Q2.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. On the local and regional customers, that's certainly a source of growth for us and a growth engine within the company, not just in emerging markets, but in particular in North America in the Flavors division with the setup of Tastepoint we have installed. We believe that this business model truly can help us to grow the business substantially. And it's shown in the numbers so far.
Katie Grafstein - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. And then, I guess also just talking about the acceleration in the developed markets, it's interesting just as the customers are talking about slower market conditions. So was wondering if maybe you can talk about that disconnect.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. Well, what we see is, in particular in Western Europe but also in North America, good performance on both sides of the business. It's certainly driven by good win performance, in particular with the bigger ones. But as I said and reflected, the customer mix plays a super important role here. And with our setup, in particular in North America, that positions us very well for good growth rates and further growth to come.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I think the other thing for me as I mentioned a couple times is the volume component is definitely stronger this quarter than five-year long-term trends. So I think some of this may be event-driven, whether it's timing between Q2 into Q3 as our customers adjust their order patterns, as they look at what's going on in their market. So I think it's a combination of factors. I mean, we feel good about the win performance. The volume component is hard to predict from quarter-to-quarter.
Katie Grafstein - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heidi Vesterinen with Exane BNP Paribas.
Heidi Vesterinen - Exane BNP Paribas: Hi. I wanted to ask a bit more about the Re-Imagine initiative you talked about. Could you maybe help us understand, maybe with an example, what the initiative is? Is it kind of like an integrated solution? And is what you're proposing here – what is the margin profile here compared to the rest of the group, please? Thank you.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hi. Let me try to answer that in a way. It's actually a creative process to build our solutions. And it tries actually to look what the customers and consumers really need from the consumer insight perspective, figure out what are the most important trends, and then come up with solutions which bring as many of our technologies together as we can to make sure that we are well-positioned vis-à-vis our competition certainly, but also to satisfy the customer needs and that we basically focus our investments in R&D and applied R&D on the right areas like, an example, like naturals protein delivery systems. Talking about the margins, usually the margin should be very good because we combine a lot of technologies together to come up with these solutions.
Heidi Vesterinen - Exane BNP Paribas: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys, nice quarter.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Mike.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hi, Mike.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I think you noted Cosmetic Active's another really strong quarter. Can you maybe talk about the momentum there? And are there other potential acquisitions to continue to build on to this business?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Mike, let me take it. First of all, what we see is that this part of the market has a nice growth also compared to the core F&F markets. So that's number one. Number two, in the segment where we play with Lucas Meyer, we are in the upper premium segment, which is usually more dynamic than the other segments of the market. And now, it's going into the natural actives as well where we are in particular strong because, remember, with Lucas Meyer, we have access to SouthernCross Botanicals in Australia. We have access certainly to our own naturals palette and naturals ingredients here as well. So it's going actually very, very well and we had a good start into the fourth quarter as well. So we foresee good growth for this business going forward. And as you were asking, we always evaluate other opportunities, whether we can strengthen this business in an inorganic way as well.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then encapsulation is another one that has continued to post pretty good growth there. Is it still just in the laundry side that you're seeing the growth, or have you been able to move into other markets that maybe could continue to grow into next year?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. Actually, the expansion goes in different directions. The first one is that we are evolving out our encapsulation technology, which is now more multi-cap systems which help us in the classic fabric care area. But we are moving technology into other categories like hair care, for example, as well, and that's ongoing and in full, full swing.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Good morning, gentlemen.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Morning.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: My question relates to the price and the raw material costs, just following up from that. What was the pricing effect on your top line in the quarter? And given the recent trends and increases we're seeing in petrochemical intermediates, do you feel an increased urge to push up prices, especially in the Fragrance division going into next year?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: In pricing itself, if you segregate it from the input cost piece, it was slightly favorable. I mean, it's less than 1 percentage point. On a combined basis, as I said, I think we are seeing what we believe the start of input cost increases on the Fragrance side and we're going to definitely have to work with the customers and get price increases to compensate for the input cost trend going forward.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. Which we have done actually very well this year on the Flavors side already.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: And if I can just follow up, and when are you going to lap the price rebates in the Fragrance Ingredients space?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: End of the year, we'll lap it in the fourth quarter.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Faiza.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So a couple questions, can you just talk about what you're seeing from your multinational customers? So it seems like local regional customers, the performance with those customers was better. But are you seeing any improvement from the multinational customers at all?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah, look, I think that if you look at Q3 itself, I mean, the growth was pretty well balanced between local and regional and global customers. I think the drivers of that might be slightly different, as I talked about. I mean, I think the local (37:38) continue to execute well and gain share. On the global side, I think there is some element, again, of volume. The volume swings from quarter-to-quarter, so in recovery in volumes on base business.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, Rich, just drilling in on some of the comments you made around events-driven and sort of timing factors, is that something that you saw globally or was it more concentrated in a particular region or category?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Let's see. I mean, it was fairly broad-based. I think it was largest in North America for Fragrances, a little bit in Latin America and in Western Europe.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Okay. And then, just broadly, are you seeing any appetite for innovation from your customers across the board or do you feel like many are so just focused on whether it's short-term seasonal trends or sort of a quick pick-up from a new flavor or are you seeing sort of any sustained drive for innovation from your customers?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. I would say we do. And in particular, it was really cutting-edge innovation if you talk about delivery systems or some specifics. So, that's what we see and that's actually very good and we try to drive this trend as well with our customers.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. So, Andreas, is this like a change that you saw this quarter or is it something that you've been seeing all year?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Actually, already for quite some time. It's not specific to the quarter, I would say.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Okay. Okay. And then, just last question from me on, Rich, I know you don't want to talk about 2018 at this point, but any guidance on FX would be really helpful in terms of the top-line and the bottom-line impact that you anticipate.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Let me think about this. I mean, I...
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: You should have a crystal ball on FX.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. If I was, I would be on a beach somewhere probably.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Assume current spot rates.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No, look, I mean, again, if we stay at where we are today, we're going to have a favorable impact from a currency standpoint in the first half of next year and probably more I'd say flat, mute-ish in the second half of this year.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. It's Silke Kueck for Jeff. How are you?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good, very good. (40:20)
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Silke.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: My first question is in the quarter, you had you know 6% organic local currency growth and I think the profit improvement on that (40:35) was 15%, as you show in your slides and the acquisitions contributed 6% to sales growth, but the profit contribution was 5% and maybe if you strip out the synergies, maybe it contributed 2%. So the question is why is that and what type of contribution do you expect for 2018 from the acquisitions as you try to pull out cost synergies and you integrate these businesses?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes. So a couple of things. Let me start with the organic business on the volume impacts, so then you've got the mix impact going as an offset to that. You've got pricing input costs offsetting that. And then particularly the incentive comp reset are all offsets that ends up bringing that number down. On the M&A side, keep in mind that we have the amortization expense that we have to get through all of our synergy programs before we start getting the incremental leverage. The sales come right away, but we've got to work through our integration plans. We've got to work through the cost savings programs before we start to get acceleration from an operating profit standpoint.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So that means like next year, the cost amortization still that means that even the contribution may not be... (42:05)
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. Once we start lapping the amortization and we continue the process next year on realizing the synergies and we get the growth, then we'll start to get acceleration from an M&A contribution standpoint.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: What's the incremental amortization on the acquisitions year-over-year?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: $3.6 million.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. My second question is what is behind the accounts receivable issue, why the receivables so high? Is it a regional issue where these sales took place, or is it just that you had most of your sales at the very end of the third quarter?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I mean, it's a huge increase in sales. We go from 2% organic growth to 6% organic growth. I mean, the biggest piece of it is just purely the volume effect in the quarter compared to where we were. If you compare December last year to third quarter this year, we had an acceleration in our business. If you compare December 2015 to third quarter 2016, you had a deceleration of the business. So you have a different dynamic going on. I fully expect that we're going to recover that from a timing standpoint and then we'll collect those receivables in the fourth quarter. And then, fourth quarter is seasonally a slower quarter. So, we'll be able to recover a large portion of that outflow.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Rich is already collecting.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: It is a focal point. Believe me, it's a focal point for us.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. Right, but the reason why I ask this is you had like an improvement in sales year-over-year in the second quarter as well and the receivable increase wasn't quite as big, but it's true, there is a large sales increase.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah, there is a big difference in the performance.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I have two more questions. One has to do with Fabric Care. Is the growth in Fabric Care, does that have to do with new product launches or is it the case that products that were previously launched are now reaching better penetration, you're selling more of it and maybe that it goes to the detrimental of like what you can charge on price because you said it's sort of like a lower margin contribution?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: It's a big volume component in this number for (44:39) existing business.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Okay.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: The win rates, they're good, but there's not been any significant uptick. It's driven primarily by the volumes on existing business.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. I understand. And lastly, can you pull out the acquisition a bit more specifically? Can you discuss what organic sales was like for North American Flavor excluding David Michael and what it was for European Flavors excluding David Michael? And maybe can do the same thing for North American Fragrances and European Fragrances if you strip out the Fragrance Resources acquisition, if you have that data.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, North American Flavors on an organic basis was 7%. North America organic for total Fragrances was down 3%. What other area were you...
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And in Europe, I think there was an acquisition piece in European Flavors and also in European Fragrances.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay. So...
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I was wondering what the organic piece was.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay. No problem, no problem. Organic in Flavors was 10% and organic in Fragrances was 11%.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Those are big numbers. Okay. Thanks very much. I'll get back into queue.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Adam.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: A lot of ground's been covered, but maybe just a question on operating leverage in the quarter, because the volume growth, I mean, very healthy, sounded like a little bit above 5%. And I'm just trying to think about if we can sustain those kind of operating profit levels into 2018 and you don't have the comp issue for incentive compensation this year versus last, should the implied operating leverage that you did in the quarter ex the incentive comp, should we think about that being sustainable into the first half of next year, especially when your organic revenue comps are not particularly challenging?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, I'll sort of skip over the comment about not particularly challenging. But, I mean, look, I mean, I think as we head into next year, certainly incentive comp will be a significant less headwind than what we experienced in 2017. I think that we're going to continue to drive the productivity agenda that we've laid out at the beginning of this year. We've got to continue to execute against that. We've got to continue to look at investing in driving innovation that's going to help from a sales mix standpoint and a product mix standpoint. And we'll continue to look at our cost base and say how can we drive leverage through the P&L. It's a tough environment. It's volatile. As I talked about earlier, we're expecting input costs to go up next year, so our ability to pass those increases on to our customers on the Fragrance side is going to be critical to our success in 2018.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just a question specifically on Fine Fragrances, which did seem to improve in the third quarter, I think you alluded to some new customer wins in the prepared remarks, but any comments there on the sustainability, what you're seeing at the department store level, if you're seeing better buying activity and better expectations for foot traffic and just thoughts there. It's an important business in the Fragrance division.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. So, Adam, what we see is actually on the Fine Fragrance side a tremendous development in Europe. It's going very well, in particular, for many of the other premium brands. So we see good demand and we certainly have a good win rate here as well. So for us, we see that this hopefully will be sustainable for the months to come.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And then in the U.S., are you seeing better activity at the retail level or is it more Europe that's driving the strength?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No. It's more Europe what's driving it at this spot. (49:12)
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That's all very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Can you hear me?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes, very well.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hey, good morning, John.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. I think you said you had positive price raws in Flavors. I would assume it was negative in vanilla and negative in citrus. What would be the kind of offsetting categories where the overall would be positive?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Well, no. I mean, we were able to get price increases related to those materials and get out ahead of it. And the Flavors business has done a great job in doing that. So I mean, it was slightly positive but it's really our ability to push through and anticipate those impacts.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: And then it's pretty hard to time acquisitions, but would you say you're ahead of plan or behind plan or on plan in terms of the number and size of acquisitions that you've done over the past year and a half, two years?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: We're absolutely on plan and we are a little ahead of plan with the performance of our acquisitions compared to our business cases. So we're very happy with all the five acquisitions we have done in the last two and two and a half years. (50:28) We are pretty much on plan.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Lambert with Raymond James.
Patrick Lambert - Raymond James Financial International Ltd.: Hi. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. A few questions, first on the M&A 2018 component of the growth, sorry for jumping to next year, but in our model, we have about 2% contribution for (51:01) M&A 2018, would like to get your views on that, if nothing else is being (51:06) acquired, of course. And also what's your view on operating income impact from M&A in 2018, again, looking at the synergies, looking at the integration was question number one. Maybe I'll let you answer that one first.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure, Patrick. I think from an M&A impact in 2018 on acquisitions, it's principally related to PowderPure. The Fragrance Resources was a couple weeks, so it's insignificant. So the 2% number that you're looking at seems way too high for me. So I think that impact, again, it's only going to be – PowderPure is really for half a year is the primary impact. Again from a profitability standpoint, all the other acquisitions go into organic and they'll be in our guidance for the full year from an organic standpoint. We'll embed our guidance for PowderPure in the full-year guidance also. But I think from a purely financial standpoint, it's what I said earlier, which is I would expect, once we lap the amortization impacts, that we'll continue to drive expansion through the synergies, growth of the business, and drive in improvements in the product mix of those businesses.
Patrick Lambert - Raymond James Financial International Ltd.: Great. Second question, CapEx, are you still targeting 4% to 5% for this year and next year, and any plans (52:48) we need to consider for next year in terms of increasing capacity?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. For this year, I expect us to be somewhere between 4% and 4.5%. We do expect that CapEx next year will be closer to plus or minus 5% because we've still got some of the big projects in Asia that we've got to execute against. We've got China. We've got India and some of those projects. So, 2018 and 2019 are going to be the elevated years.
Patrick Lambert - Raymond James Financial International Ltd.: Okay. And last question, I guess, would be (53:28) China in particular. Could you comment a bit more on details of what you're seeing in China, in particular, in both Flavors and Fragrances? Still weak organic developments there, so if you can comment on that. Thank you.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. I think it's still challenged. I mean, I think on the Flavors side, I know I mentioned in my comments that volume was down. We're going through and still working our way back up from some of the issues we've had. On the Fragrances side, we're seeing customers again trade down and not buying some of the categories where we're stronger at. We have a larger exposure to some of the globals in China also, and they're struggling in the marketplace on their volume basis compared to some of the local and regionals. So, it's still a challenge for both business units.
Patrick Lambert - Raymond James Financial International Ltd.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brett Hundley with Vertical Group.
Brandon Groeger - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Good morning. This is Brandon Groeger on for Brett Hundley.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Brandon Groeger - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Good morning. Perhaps you could give us some more detail on the new Chinese fragrance plant Does that plant replace any existing production or is it additive? And when do you expect that to come online?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So, it will come online probably end of next year, and it will be in addition to the existing Flavors plant we are having there because for two years, in 2015, (55:03) we had an issue with our Flavors plant, and it is probably prudent to have a second opportunity here for us on the Flavors side as well. So it will be an additional plant for...
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. There's actually two plants that we're dealing with. One was a smaller ingredient plant that we're finishing now. And it'll start up in the fourth quarter.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Which is on the Fragrance side.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Which is on the Fragrance Ingredients side. And then, as you've seen in the footnotes to the 10-Q, we're in negotiations with the government regarding their request for us to relocate our other larger ingredient plant in China and that I would expect to happen over the next two years. (56:01)
Brandon Groeger - Vertical Trading Group LLC: So relocating that other plant is in addition to this plant as well?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes.
Brandon Groeger - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: In both cases, they've asked us to leave existing sites and go to a new site, and we're going to put both of the plants in a single site over the next two years.
Brandon Groeger - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then, shifting to the balance sheet, it looks like it's in a good place. You're less than 2 times net levered. You recently announced the share repurchase. Ingredient valuations have been rebounding in recent months. I was thinking about your grid that dictates the repurchase of the shares. Do you intend to update that at all? And then, outside of that share repurchase activity, how are you thinking about putting the balance sheet to work?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Let me take the share repurchase first. Yeah. As I noted, we did get an updated authorization from the board. The matrix is stock price-driven, but I would say that there is a component of the new authorization that provides for a minimum amount of share repurchases that's targeted to offset dilution. And then on top of that, will depend upon where we are versus the share price grid. From a utilization of the rest of the capacity in the balance sheet, I think, as Andreas talked about, we continue to look and pursue our M&A agenda, but it all depends upon what's available. And we want to make sure we are targeting the right deals and have the proper return profiles.
Brandon Groeger - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning. Thanks very much, guys.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Morning.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good quarter. I wanted to talk about active cosmetics. I'm trying to look at a couple of regions where you saw some real big lift in Fragrance Ingredients. Is active cosmetics growing in every region, and that's just two places where there's not offsets, if you could kind of comment on that and maybe dimensionalize how big that business could be going forward?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Jon, the big drivers in terms of where ingredients are growing significant, which is the EAME and Latin America, is on our Fragrance Ingredients side. The growth on the cosmetic active side has been pretty consistent. It's in the double-digit range, so that's not driving the changes. What you're seeing is on our Ingredients business.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. And it's pretty well-distributed across on the active cosmetic side. Region-wise, we are certainly stronger in Europe and North America, in terms of the size of the business. We still have a ways to go in Asia and in Latin America. Well, that's good. That gives us growth opportunities going forward.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thanks. And just one follow-up, if I could. Rich, I went back and looked at 2006, 2007, like strong periods of Asia, basically global luxury fragrance development that would advantage a fine fragrance business like yours. Certainly, we're seeing that across some of your key end customers. What's different? You're seeing much better growth this time around than 2005, 2006, 2007, when you saw similar kinds of trends in beauty, particularly in Asia, but luxury globally. Could you comment on like why – how much of that – do you worry that some of that is economically cyclical and why the difference this time? What kind of capabilities do you have now, around Fine Fragrance particularly, that you maybe didn't have back then? Thank you.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Well, there's a lot there in your question. But, I mean, I think, that certainly we're seeing good growth in some of the emerging markets, Middle East, Africa in particular, within the EAME region. As we've been talking about for several quarters, we need to and we have adapted our strategy on Fine to focus on those categories in the channels that are most attractive. Certainly, that profile has changed over the last 12 to 18 months, where there's a lot less going through the department stores and the brick-and-mortar. And we're going to continue to target our resources towards those, the premium and the prestige components of the Fine business. Look, it's a reflection of the team we have around the world and their ability to leverage the consumer insights, understand what's going on in the market, understand our customers and designing fragrances that are attractive to the consumer. And that's ultimately what it comes down to is our ability to put the right fragrance in the right place at the right time.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call back over to Andreas for closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah, thank you very much for your participation and have a good day and/or a good night. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.
Analysts: Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd. Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Katie Grafstein - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brett Hundley - Vertical Trading Group LLC John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances' Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. Participants will be announced by their name and company. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Head of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's second quarter 2017 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed our press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to our outlook for the third quarter and full-year 2017. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on February 28, 2017 and our press release that we filed yesterday, all of which are available on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rich O'Leary. We will start with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have. With that, I would now like to introduce, Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Mike and good morning, good afternoon, and good evening to everybody. I would like to start as usually with an executive overview of our operational performance for the second quarter. Then I want to provide an update on our Vision 2020 progress. Once finished, I will ask Rich to cover our financial results in greater detail, including specifics on each business unit, as well as our cash flow statement and outlook for the remainder of the year. I will finish by providing some closing remarks and then take any questions that you may have. Our second quarter results finished in line with our expectations. The improved trends across several of our key financial metrics, currency neutral sales grew 8%, including 11% growth in Flavors and 5% growth in Fragrances. On a consolidated basis, our top line growth benefited by approximately 6 percentage points related to the contribution of our recent acquisitions of David Michael and Fragrance Resources and to a less degree PowderPure. Organically, Flavors currency neutral sales improved 3% as all regions except Greater Asia posted solid results. Fragrances sales were flat as Fine Fragrances and Fragrance Ingredients including cosmetic actives was offset by challenging results in Consumer Fragrances. From a profitability perspective, currency neutral adjusted operating profit grew 6% in the second quarter principally driven by the contributions from acquisitions, volume growth and cost savings initiatives. Currency neutral adjusted EPS increased 8%, driven primarily by operating profit growth, as well as year-over-year reduction in shares outstanding related to our share repurchase program. From a strategic perspective, we continue to make strong progress against the areas we have identified as strategic imperatives. In terms of innovating first in Flavors, sales of our sweetness and savory modulation portfolio continued its trend of strong double-digit currency neutral growth across all categories led by beverage and savory. In Flavors Latin America, our proprietary delivery system continues to perform well contributing to strong double-digit growth in the second quarter. We also successfully rolled out a new flavor modulator for our Flavors to use in formulation development. This technology can enhance mouthwatering perception in snacks and baked goods, and can also enhance the perception of freshness and mouth feel in citrus flavored beverages. In Fragrances, we launched a new fragrance ingredient called Veraspice. This ingredient is a warm spicy note bringing together the opulence of natural white flower with a smooth tobacco leaf undertone. The smart combination between salty and tarragon classes contribute to the creative differentiation. I am also happy to report that our IFF Lucas Meyer Cosmetics team won the bronze award at In-cosmetics Global 2017 Innovation Zone Awards with Siligel. Siligel is a natural gelling agent, providing improved skin feel and provides high resistance to electrolytes. Benefiting from recent strategic acquisitions of David Michael, Fragrance Resources & PowderPure, as well as from strong growth in our organic Flavors business, we saw a robust 90% increase in North America in the second quarter of 2017. We also saw robust growth trends in the Middle East and Africa in the second quarter as currency neutral sales improved strong double-digits with the contribution from both Flavors and Fragrances. We continue to position ourselves to be our customer's partner of choice and go-to supplier. In the second quarter of 2017, we launched Tastepoint by IFF designed to service a dynamic middle market customer in North America. I will speak more about this exciting launch in a moment. I'm also proud to acknowledge that we are the first and only Flavor and Fragrance house to sign the World Business Council for Sustainable Development's new publication, The CEO Guide to the Circular Economy. The purpose of the guide is to help companies embrace the Circular Economy mindset. We believe that the Circular Economy is one of the biggest opportunities to transform production and consumptions throughout the value chain. By sharing this information, we can be a vital link to unleash innovation needed to create positive transformational change in the world. I'm pleased to report that our three recent strategic acquisitions are key drivers of our financial performance. The combination of David Michael, Fragrance Resources and PowderPure contributed approximately 6 percentage points of sales growth and 4 percentage points of operating profit growth in the second quarter. In addition, Lucas Meyer Cosmetics acquired two years ago, continued to be a growth driver as Cosmetic Active Ingredients grew strong double-digits in the second quarter. More forward-looking, in the second quarter we also announced that we have joined the MIT Media Lab to Accelerate Sensorial Open Innovation. Our membership in the MIT Media Lab Alliance, is our strategy, which underscores how we are committed to innovation as an accelerator of business growth. Since 1985, the MIT Media Lab has combined a vision of digital future with a new style of creative invention. With was more than 30 years of innovation and 150 spin-off companies, The Media Lab currently supports 27 research groups and over 450 projects focused on designing the future. We are proud to join this innovation lab and collaborate with the next generation of research break-throughs. I would now like to take a moment to expand on our exciting launch of Tastepoint by IFF. Born out of the combination of David Michael and Ottens Flavors, the new brand was first revealed at the IFT 2017 conference in Las Vegas. Tastepoint is designed to serve as a dynamic and fast growing middle market customers in North America, which we believe will help us to drive growth going forward. By combining the long established and well regarded relationships of Ottens Flavors and David Michael with the R&D, technology and consumer inside of IFF, Tastepoint offers a new and innovative go-to-market approach that targets the unique needs and expectations of this subset of customers. As a fully dedicated organization within IFF, we believe we are well established and have a competitive advantage to meet the expectations of our middle market customers. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Rich.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Andreas. To reiterate what Andreas mentioned earlier, our financial results for the second quarter were good, consistent with our expectations. Currency neutral sales improved 8%, including approximately 6 percentage points related to our recent acquisitions of David Michael's, Fragrance Resources, and to a lesser extent PowderPure. Our top-line performance both organically and inorganically continues to be driven primarily by new wins across both businesses. Our adjusted operating profit on a currency neutral basis grew 6% and currency neutral adjusted EPS improved 8%. Also want to take a moment to highlight our first half results. Our currency neutral sales growth in the first half was strong at 7%, with 11% growth in Flavors and 4% growth in Fragrances. Adjusted operating profit grew 5% on a currency neutral basis driven by contributions from acquisitions, volume growth and the benefits associated with our productivity programs. Our currency neutral adjusted EPS increased 9% in the first half, further benefiting from a lower tax rate and a reduced number of shares outstanding. Looking at our business unit performance for the second quarter, Fragrance currency neutral sales improved 5% driven by broad-based category growth and the acquisition of Fragrance Resources. From a category perspective, Fine Fragrances improved 11% on a currency neutral basis, including Fragrance Resources. Organically, performance was driven by double-digit growth in Greater Asia, EAME and North America, more than offsetting softness in Latin America, where we continued to experience abnormally high volume erosion due to weak economic conditions. Consumer Fragrances grew 1% on a currency neutral basis, including additional sales related to the acquisition of Fragrance Resources, as well as low single-digit improvements in Fabric Care and Home Care. On an organic basis, currency neutral sales declined as several of our largest household and personal care customers are continuing to experience volume weakness in various end markets plus continued weakness in Latin America and China. This ultimately impacted our volume on existing business and more than offset contributions from new wins. Fragrance Ingredients sales were up 9% on a currency neutral basis, primarily driven by double-digit growth in EAME and Latin America. IFF Lucas Meyer's also continued to perform nicely as we grew double-digits in the second quarter. From a profit perspective, Fragrance currency neutral segment profit decreased 3% on a currency neutral basis, as volume growth and the benefits from productivity initiatives were more than offset by unfavorable price and input costs, as well as a weaker sales mix. In terms of currency neutral segment profit margin, our profit margin remains strong, yet was under pressure year-over-year, driven by the items mentioned above plus the Fragrance Resources acquisition, which is inclusive of step-up and purchase price accounting before we fully realized synergies. Flavors currency neutral sales increased 11%, driven by strong contribution of sales related to David Michael and to a lesser extent PowderPure. On an organic basis, we achieved broad based organic growth across all categories driven by new wins. From a regional perspective, three of the four regions delivered growth led by strong double-digit performance in North America, which improved 30% reflecting additional sales related to the acquisitions of David Michael and PowderPure, as well as strong double-digit growth in Dairy and high-single-digit growth in Savory. EAME increased 9% on a currency neutral basis led by mid single-digit increases in Central, and Southeastern Europe and low single-digit increases in Western Europe, as well as additional sales related to the acquisition of David Michael. Greater Asia was soft in the second quarter, decreasing 2% on a currency neutral basis as double-digit growth in Thailand and India, plus low single-digit growth in China was more than offset by challenging conditions in Indonesia. Within that market, we're seeing a change in purchase behaviors as consumers limit spending, as cost of living has increased recently due to lower subsidies and higher taxes. Growth in Latin America continued, improving 11% on a currency neutral basis, led by double-digit growth in Argentina and Colombia. Flavors currency-neutral segment profit grew approximately 14%, led by volume growth, the benefit of acquisitions and our productivity initiatives. In terms of currency neutral segment profit margin, we experienced margin expansion year-over-year of approximately 70 basis points to 24.2%. Moving on to cash flow, operating cash flow was $58 million in Q2 on a year-to-date basis, compared to $172 million in the comparable 2016 period. Performance was adversely impacted by the previously announced ZoomEssence litigation settlement, which is about $56 million. And despite having core working capital level slightly improved due to accounts payable, we were challenged by lower net income, higher incentive compensation payments compared to the prior year period. From a capital allocation standpoint, we spent approximately $46 million in capital expenditures, or about 3% of sales. And we believe, we'll spend approximately 4.5% of sales in 2017. Regarding cash returned to shareholders, in the first half we spent approximately $101 million on dividend payouts and $53 million on share repurchases. Last week, our board of directors authorized an 8% increase in the quarterly dividend to $0.69 per share. The increased dividend is well aligned with our disciplined approach to capital allocation, returning 50% to 60% of adjusted net income as we strategically invest to drive long-term sustainable growth, while returning value to our shareholders. We believe this increase underscores our confidence in our continued financial strength and the long-term outlook of our business. Turning to our outlook, for the full year we remain optimistic that we can achieve our previously stated currency neutral financial guidance recognizing that end-market volume growth remains soft, particularly with our global and multinational customers. We are reiterating our currency neutral sales growth projection of 7.5% to 8.5%, which will be primarily driven by the contribution of acquisitions in David Michael's and Fragrance Resources, as well as modest organic growth primarily in Flavors. From adjusted operating profit and EPS perspective, excluding the impact of currency, we expect to achieve 5.5% to 6.5% and 6.5% to 7.5% growth respectively. For modeling purposes, please note that in Q3, we expect to have higher interest expense related to the dual carrying costs of our recent $500 million bond issuance, as well as existing private placements that are maturing in late September. Please take note of this when you think about EPS in the third quarter. We will also see favorable reduction in interest expense in Q4. While our currency neutral guidance has not changed, the effect of currency movements on our results have moved. From a top-line perspective, the impact of currency improved by approximately 50 basis points, to a 1% headwind, primarily driven by an improvement in the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate. On a profit basis, we anticipate a 100 basis point improvement versus the last quarter guidance and on EPS a 50 basis point improvement. As a result on a full year basis, we expect the impact of foreign exchange on adjusted operating profit to be approximately 1.5 percentage points and approximately 2.5 percentage points on adjusted EPS. For your reference, please note that we remain hedged at approximately 75% on our net euro profit exposure, at approximately $1.12 and our forecast is based on current rates for second half of this year. With that I'd like to turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Rich. In summary, we are pleased that we have achieved currency neutral growth across all metrics in the second quarter of 2017. Simultaneously, we continue to be focused on the execution of our Vision 2020, as we believe our emphasis on building great differentiation, which in turn should lead to sustainable profitable growth. We are on track to deliver our previously stated 2017 financial goals. With that, I would like to open up the call to your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, everybody.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess, first question is on the sales guidance for the year, and specifically, for the back half of the year. So, what gives confidence that you're going to be able to achieve the anticipated acceleration that's implied by the numbers? It would seem like you'd have to get to at least close to 4% in the back half of the year on an organic basis?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay. Mark, thank you for the question. First of all, we see in terms of our win performance going forward is one argument. The second thing is that we had at least on the fragrance side actually a pretty good and favorable comparison for the third quarter. And we had with all the uncertainties around the third quarter, but we had a pretty good start into the third quarter already. Rich, do you want to add?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes. I think a couple extra comments, Mark, from my side. I think, we do expect on the fragrance compound side to benefit from a couple things: one, some new product launches and wins that are expected to hit in the third quarter or early fourth quarter. We are starting to see signs of stabilization in Latin America. And we do expect to see some reduced headwinds in Greater Asia. And as Andreas talked about, I think we are starting to see signs of stabilization of the inventory levels at our customer standpoint. So we're expecting to see less headwinds from a destocking standpoint in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. That's helpful. And then on the productivity acceleration in the second quarter, how sustainable is that? And what should we take from the increase in R&D spend? Is there thoughts on increasing that more longer term given just weakness at your customers from a volume perspective?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Mark, let me take the first half and then Andreas will talk to the R&D investments. When we look at our productivity objectives for this year, I'd say we are on target through the first six months. The impact is probably on the range of 3.5 percentage point of improvement in the first half of the year, so somewhere $10 million, $12 million roughly. And I think that positions us well to deliver on the full-year outlook, particularly as we start to get benefits later in the year related to Fragrance Resources, although the bulk of those synergy benefits are going to come next year.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: On the R&D front, we certainly invest wherever we think we get a good return, and we have certainly a pretty robust program in place with really very differentiating projects here. And we are now in basically, in the Phase 2 to look what could be the budget for next year, but it's not decided that we will significantly ramp up the R&D, but we'll certainly put the R&D dollars behind the projects where we think we can really create differentiation.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So just to be clear then, Rich, on your first part. So the selling and administrative piece, is that a reasonable level to use over balance of the year? Or with overall expectations trending to longer-term targets, is there more of an increase in accrued compensation expense in the back half of the year? I mean, just sort of puts and takes would be helpful there.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I think there's a couple of different dynamics going on there, Mark. I would say from an SG&A standpoint, there are some of the projects that I've talked about earlier around the corporate projects particularly on the finance area that we will have some increased spending in the second half of the year. On the other side, remember that on a year-over-year basis, last year incentive comp came down as results weakened, and so we will see increased incentive comp expense this year versus last year in the second half.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hey, good morning, Gunther.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Just on raw materials, can you confirm the 3% cost inflation for this year that you highlighted with Q1? And add onto that, given the currency moves we've seen recently, is this guidance is in dollar or in euro terms? Thanks, guys.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay. So for the first one, I think we still see input cost in the 3% range for the full year. There will obviously be some timing impacts related to that when it flows through from a P&L standpoint. The increase is, again, primarily driven by naturals on both business units, whether it's vanilla or citrus, those are impacting both business units. From a currency standpoint, it's based on our current – our guidance that I gave you is based on existing exchange rate, the latest exchange rate. So call it roughly a $1.18 euro-dollar exchange rate, as that flows through, that's embedded in the guidance. And that's on a – the dollar basis will be, what I talked about, net of currency, that will be on a reported dollar basis.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: That's, great. Thanks. Have a nice day.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. How are you?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Silke.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I was trying to like puzzle out your results in the Flavor division excluding the acquisitions. So David Michael, this is like $85 million in annual sales and PowderPure like $15 million and $20 million. So if you distribute it through the second quarter, did your North American business grow or didn't it grow because it looks like it's all acquisition growth. It looks like the underlying growth was negative?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No, I mean North America, remember PowderPure, we only had it for a portion of the quarter. It had, on a total company basis a negligible impact in terms of sales growth in the quarter, I would say less than probably 30 basis points at a total company basis. When you look at North America for flavors, I mean the organic business grew mid-single digits and the balance of that relates to the contribution of David Michael's.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Mid-single digits, okay. Where did the growth in flavors come from on the mid-single digit range?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I think it's growth across all the categories. Particularly I would say we had double-digit growth in snacks and dairy and mid-single digit growth in sweet.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: And it's all driven – it's primarily driven by new wins.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: And we are actually pretty proud because you know just a year and half backwards, you saw that we had not so good of an organic performance in Flavors North America, and team has turned this around quite significantly. And that has led to the mid-single digit growth in North America and on top of it we have the great performance of Tastepoint as well, and that makes it actually a very good and sustainable business for us.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. And I wanted to ask one question on your cash flows if I may. And I was wondering if you had sort of like an operating cash flow targets for the year. So, in the quarter like I understand even if we strip out the litigation settlement, like your operating cash flows were like $114 million versus $173 million last year. So if you leave all the items in like what is your operating cash flow target for the year?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes. Look the specific target I'll have to get back to you. I don't think we have that said or communicated that. I would tell you that the decrease year-over-year was roughly on a year-to-date basis $115 million. So $56 million of that is the settlement on ZoomEssence. We've got lower income, including the non-cash gain on the derivative or liquidation of the subsidiary. So that was two combined about $20 million, $10 million in incentive comps year-over-year and there's another $10 million roughly associated with deferred taxes and indirect taxes.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for the clarification. I'll get back in the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning. So I was wondering, Rich
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hey, Faiza, good morning.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, Rich, if you could try and quantify for us the impact this quarter from the destocking and how that offset the new win performance that would be really helpful.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: The specifics are – it's hard to specifically identify the impact. I will tell you that we saw a pretty sizable increase in back-outs in the last week, the week and half of the quarter. I will say that on top of that we have seen – we're encouraged by the start to the third quarter.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then could you just remind us – you're spending a lot in CapEx. I think you said 4.5% of sales. Could you just remind us sort of where you're building new facilities or sort of where that is going?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: It's principally around the facilities in Greater Asia and the deployment of technologies around delivery systems and some of the capacity. But we've got a big piece in China. We've got two new facilities that are going on there. We're going to have to continue. And as you know, we've talked that we're going to have some peaks in next year, this year, next year, and 2019 around 5% because not only do we have China, but we've got Indonesia and India that we have to deal with.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: And in particular, India is important to us because it's a high growth market for us, and we really have to make sure that we have state-of-the art facilities in India, and we will invest in two more manufacturing plants in India and we are well underway to do that.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, Andreas, if you could just expand a little bit more on Tastepoint. Sort of just practically what's the difference in terms of how you're approaching your high growth, medium-sized customers versus what it was maybe before Tastepoint?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes. So I would say that our exposure, and particular in the U.S., towards this middle market was not so good before we acquired actually Ottens two years ago. And we saw it with all the changing trends and the struggle of many of the bigger multinational global companies that we have to change our exposure towards the more dynamic markets. And with the entrance of Ottens, we saw that that's a very, very good hub for us. And we have combined this now with David Michael, made it Tastepoint, and that's creating actually our outlet in terms of customer segmentation towards exactly that dynamic middle market. They have the flexibility of a small company, but they can use the great technology we can give them from IFF, and that makes them uniquely positioned for that marketplace. And what we see so far is, first of all, the launch at IFT in Vegas went very well. The people are very motivated and our customers are very excited about this opportunity to work with us. What we see so far is probably two times to three times of growth we have in our organic business. So I think it's really important. And I would say, as we always say, it's small enough, but still big enough to help with technology.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Maybe first on the gross margin side. I'm wondering if you can give a little more color on maybe the price/cost headwinds specifically that you absorbed in the quarter, or if the gross margin decline will be on a percent basis is attributable to acquisitions and confident that can actually flip positive later this year as you get right side up on price/costs.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Let me try to answer that in the following manner. I'll talk to the overall return on sales profile for the two businesses. Flavors improved by roughly 90 basis points year-over-year. It's principally driven by productivity, cost, and volume. And price to input cost net were slightly favorable. And those were offset by unfavorable mix. And to a certain extent and slightly by FX. When you look at the Fragrance return on sales profile, it went down about 140 basis points. Price to input cost and M&A, which is principally related to Fragrance Resources, those were each about 1 point of headwind year-over-year and mix was probably another I'm going to call it 20 basis points. So those three items more than offset the benefits associated with volume and productivity gains.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And as you think about those pieces moving forward. I mean, Fragrance Resources that impact was fully layered in for the balance of the year. But I presume if there is an expectation of a reacceleration in organic in the back half that you should start to get then some tailwinds on the gross margin line as well. Is that fair?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes. I think as we look at the second half of the year, I would expect to see improvements in Fragrances, again, as we have better leverage from a volume standpoint. There is still some volatility associated with sales mix. And then I think the biggest part of the benefit associated with Fragrance Resources, as I said earlier, will come next year, as we fully realize – we get the bulk of the synergies next year.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just a quick follow-up actually on Tastepoint. I'm wondering if this is a model that you see as replicable in the current organization in other regions or do you think that has to be done via M&A? And specifically on Tastepoint in the U.S.? Do you have any growth targets or ambitions for that business that you could share?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No. Actually that's a pretty good point because we see that this works very well in the U.S. market, and the challenge for our Flavors team or Taste team is basically to look, what can we do in the other geographies as well. But a prerequisite for that is a pretty big market because if you just take for example, Europe, you have a very fragmented markets for the different countries, and if you have an asset, let's say, in Spain, you probably can't serve a small customer in Germany. And so the challenge for us is right now to pick the right markets, let's say, a market like Brazil or let's say a market like China which has enough critical mass to cater for this kind of principle or this kind of model, but we're doing it because we really want to export it because what we have seen so far is really excitement on the customers' side and the results are pretty good as well.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. I appreciate the color. Thanks so much.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Katie Grafstein with Barclays.
Katie Grafstein - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, thanks. So, first I was just wondering, what drove the strong performance in Ingredients this quarter, especially in Latin America and Europe? And then I was just wondering if you could also talk a little bit about the unfavorable price to input cost dynamic in Fragrances. I know it's been going on for some time, but just curious if the level of rebates have changed or if that dynamic has improved at all since last quarter?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay. Let me take the first part and Rich takes the second part. So, the Ingredients business we have done probably a year ago quite some changes, how we approach our customers. We have also changed a bit our portfolio where we're working with it, we have changed our sales team, we have increased the sales productivity here as well and that has led already to a quite significant turnaround of our Fragrance and Ingredients business, and then we report the active cosmetics in that as well, which has yielded a double-digit growth for last quarter as well. So, all-in-all, actually it's an amazing turnaround story from lackluster performance for couple of years to a good growth engine for now and for going forward as well. Rich?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay. So, Katie, let me go back to the pricing input. I'd say overall for the company was basically flat, favorable by about 1 point in Flavors and unfavorable by about 1 point in Fragrances. Your point about has the dynamic changed from last quarter, I would tell you that the pricing impact of Q2 for Fragrances compared to Q1 has improved by about 70%.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Hundley with Vertical Group.
Brett Hundley - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hey, Brett.
Brett Hundley - Vertical Trading Group LLC: My question was centered on Fragrance in Asia, and specifically Fine Fragrance in Asia accelerating during the quarter. And certainly, when you do the math, there's a portion of that that comes from Fragrance Resources in China, but the math also suggests that your legacy business is supplying nice gains in the region as well. And I think you mentioned that in your prepared remarks, so I just wanted to delve further into that and understand your organic performance in the region, and maybe even China specifically, and talking about whether or not that's coming from new wins, improved growth at existing accounts, any color you can give us there might be helpful.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So, probably, let's start with a general comment is, if you look at Asia and the Fine Fragrance business, it's still a very, very small business. And the part of Fragrance Resources, we have bought into that was even smaller and it was actually a split between consumer and fine here as well. So, we see some movements in Asia, even in terms of Fine Fragrances, which is good for us to see because in the past, it was never a market which was very exposed to that category. We will see how it's going forward, particularly also in geographies like Japan, but certainly also China. So, still a small business, a very small piece of it is also Fragrance Resources and, yeah, we will see how we are going forward. In general, maybe backing off the just Fine Fragrance part going to the Consumer Fragrance, it's a tough environment we see in Asia and also in China, because we see that particularly for some of our bigger customers are that the market is changing and they have to adapt and we have to adapt as well, and here probably also compared with the question we had before on smaller customers, that plays a role as well that you have a good standing with some of the smaller or mid-sized customers in these markets as well. I don't know, Rich, whether you want to add?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, as Andreas was talking, I'll talk total Fragrance compounds for Greater Asia, I think keep in mind there was a strong double-digit comp in the prior year. So, if I look at it on an organic basis, it's down mid single-digits in the region, primarily driven by China, which is also down mid single-digits. And then, some of the same pressures we saw and mentioned regarding Indonesia impact, and Flavors also impacted Fragrances.
Brett Hundley - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. And Rich, just quickly, do you have any update on some of the Fragrance Ingredient plant discussions and actions that you are taking in China this year. I think we're around the timing where you are in discussions with the government on a facility and maybe you've been taking some actions to move around some production there as well, do you guys have any update there?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I will say, Brett, that we're still in the discussions, it hasn't been formalized yet. I think it keeps – to be honest, it's kind of kicked out a couple of months effectively. So, we expect it to be in a position to talk about it now, it's going to have to be fourth quarter now.
Brett Hundley - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. I assume there's not a Tastepoint equivalent on the Fragrance side. I mean, there are obviously some small dynamic customers there, but there's not really any Ottens or David Michaels to acquire to serve that market I would assume?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: John, actually it's an interesting question because if you look at our Fragrance Resources acquisition, that's actually why we did it for actually two markets. One is in the U.S. because they have some of the smaller customers and we are capitalizing on it. And believe it or not in my home country in Germany, they are serving a lot of smaller customers out of the Hamburg facility as well, and that's very welcome because we were not very strong in Germany despite a good engagement with Henkel. And so, you see Fragrance Resources is a bit an entry into these smaller customer base like Tastepoint.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: And then, Rich, if you look at your full year currency guidance and compare it to the first half realized currency, at the EPS level, it looks like in the second half it's roughly neutral year-over-year in currency, and is there a significant difference between the third and fourth quarter?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: As I said, when I look at the second half, keep in mind we had a favorable – in relation to our guidance for the full year for tax rate, call it, 22.5%, we were favorable in the first half of the year, that obviously then turns around in the second half of the year. As I also mentioned that I would see more pressure on EPS growth year-over-year in Q3, particularly related to the interest expense dynamic that I mentioned earlier.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: I was asking about currency that's there. The currency year-over-year in the first half was significantly higher than full year currency effect?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. So currency, in general, will be favorable in the second half of the year, more of that coming in Q3 than Q4.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, thank you.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sorry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Yeah. I have a spectacular question, actually you just touched on it a little bit. What's your guidance on tax rate?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: That's the reason for the second question, okay. Sorry.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Just a short one I promise. It's been quite volatile, what's your guidance on tax rate for the last two quarters of the year, please?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So again, I think my guidance for tax rate hasn't changed since the beginning of the year it's about 22.5%. The calendarization of that of quarter-by-quarter, there is volatility in that depending upon specific items that occur in the mechanics in terms of how we have to report some of the items relative to the pre-tax in the quarter. So in general, the second half will be higher than the first half, but I'm still comfortable with the guidance of full year at 22.5%.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, guys, again thanks for the second question. I guess just broadly Andreas, what are your thoughts on industry consolidation given slowing customer volumes and maybe more specifically, how do you think about bolt-on versus larger scale M&A sort of given where we are and you've done a bunch of smaller deals and yeah, a broader context there would be helpful.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure. Mark, if you look at our M&A strategy, you know that we were not very active for many, many years. We've done now in the last two years round about five acquisitions and they have different, let's say, strategic reasons for it. Three of these acquisitions are basically to look whether we can broaden our exposure to small and midsize customers to grow on that front. Another one is basically going into an adjacent area like active cosmetic ingredients and PowderPure is a pure technology play because it gives us access to a technology which we had not before, which can help us to grow in certain segments of the business. So all of these things we have experienced. We are very happy with all of the five acquisitions and we're very happy that they are actually performing at or above the business case we have given, which is actually pretty, pretty good, if you look at five of these acquisitions. So, we certainly, certainly will go ahead with the bolt-on strategy because it just has paid off and we will make sure that that we continue that path. I certainly can't tell you how many and how big these are because it's a bit opportunistic as well. But that's certainly in the cards and we have to be disciplined here as well how much money we put at work. And for the transformational one, as usually I have to say, it depends on the opportunity and if the opportunity arises, we look at it and then we make a call and a decision.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And on the bolt-on piece, just out of curiosity, so you've done deals as you mentioned for customers and servicing middle market consumers in some ways, Lucas Meyer was an adjacent category, so as you think about it going forward, if you had a choice, is it that you want more the former or the latter?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: For me the most important question, and here I'm getting Rich already nervous. For me the most important thing is to create value. So, either one we take as long as we see an opportunity for us to create value in the long term, and that's probably the answer. But I have to say, I hope that we will do some more of this technology plays going forward because now we're geared towards this as well, because what we see was PowderPure was a patented drawing technology, which is a very great opportunity with less processed ingredients to go into a market segment, which is very natural and very, very organic, and even prevent food waste streams. That's something which is exciting as well and gives us exposure even some markets where we were not before like, for example, some of the natural color markets, because you know the technology leaves the color metrics intact in the ingredient, which is fantastic and our Flavors team is now looking at different directions and we'll build out of it. And we'll have unfortunately some CapEx, but it's not too big.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So Mark, let me wrap-up from my perspective. I think, both the technology side and the bolt-ons are attractive to us. I think we've demonstrated the ability to create value. And I think what's most important is that we continue to exhibit the financial discipline that we have around the targeting and the selection process.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah.
Mark Stiefel Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Andreas for closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. Thank you very much for all the insightful question. I guess, we will talk to, to many of you during our one-on-one calls, as well. Have a good day. Thank you, bye-bye.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.
Analysts: Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC Heidi Vesterinen - Exane Ltd. Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Curt A. Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Brett Hundley - Vertical Group
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances' First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Vice President, Global Corporate Communications & Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's first quarter 2017 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed our press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please take a note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to the outlook for our second quarter and full-year 2017. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on February 28, 2017 and our press release that we filed yesterday. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rich O'Leary. We will start with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have. With that, I would now like to introduce, Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Michael. I would like to start with an executive overview of our operational performance for the first quarter. Then I want to provide an update on the progress we made in terms of our long-term Vision 2020 strategy. Once finished, I would ask Rich to cover our financial results in greater detail, including specifics on each business unit, as well as our cash flow statement and outlook for the remainder of the year. Then, I will provide some concluding remarks and we will finish by taking any questions that you may have. I'm pleased to report that our first quarter sales growth was strong and in line with our expectations. Currency-neutral sales increased 7%, which was comprised of 10% growth in Flavors and 3% growth in Fragrances. Sales performance was predominantly driven by the contribution of our recent acquisitions of David Michael and Fragrance Resources and a strong performance in our Organic Flavors business, while we achieved growth across all categories and regions. In Fragrances, we were successful in offsetting challenging macroeconomic conditions in Latin America, primarily Brazil, driven by Fragrance Ingredients and Fine Fragrance, in particular in the EAME region. In terms of currency-neutral adjusted operating profit, the contribution from our recent acquisitions was strong and support our overall profitability as we are ahead of our acquisition plans. Organically, our currency-neutral adjusted operating profit came in consistent to the prior year as volume growth and productivity initiatives were offset by unfavorable price to input cost, as well as several unplanned expenses that Rich will go through in more detail later in the presentation. We also benefited from a lower effective tax rate and reduced shares outstanding in the quarter, which supported a 9% improvement in currency-neutral adjusted EPS. We continue to make progress each quarter with respect to our Vision 2020 strategy. I'm happy to report that the two of our key R&D-focused areas continue to be growth drivers in the first quarter. In Fragrances, our encapsulation technology continues to expand beyond the traditional Fabric Care category with strong growth in Personal Wash. In Flavors, sales of our sweetness and savory modulation portfolio continue to post strong growth and proving strong double-digits on a currency-neutral basis, led by savory, dairy and beverage. This is further proof that our innovative solutions are allowing us to meet our customers' demand by healthier and better-for-you products. Looking towards the future, we also commercialized two new flavor molecules to enhance our Flavors palette for (5:04) in order to continue to build winning solutions for our customers. We continue to see accelerated growth in the areas where we are targeting market leadership position, benefiting from our recent strategic acquisitions, as well as from solid growth in our Organic Flavors business, we saw a 14% increase in North America in the first quarter 2017. Our ongoing commitment to provide our customers with in-depth local consumer understanding, superior innovation, outstanding service and the highest quality products allowed us to continue to capture the growth of both global and faster growing regional accounts with regionals outpacing global accounts. This continues to strengthen as our recent acquisitions of David Michael and Fragrance Resources are all well strong from a regional customer base. I'm also happy to report that IFF | Lucas Meyer Cosmetics continued its strength in the cosmetic active ingredient segment as it won several beauty industry awards on CosmeticsDesign, including Best Skin Care Active Ingredient for Americas with Miniporyl, Best Hair Care Ingredient for Americas with Defenscalp, and Best Skin Care Active Ingredients Global with Miniporyl. All of which are showcased at CAGNY earlier this year. In addition to the slides, we have made from a market share and innovation perspective, we continue to position ourselves to be our customers' partner-of-choice and to-go supplier. In the first quarter of 2017, we expanded our business access by gaining core list status with a multinational Flavor customer to ensure we continue to increase our participation, ultimately leading to continuous growth. We also received an innovation award from a top Flavors customer, validating that our innovation, collaborative work and inspirational sessions are driving the success in achieving solutions that meet end consumer demands. During the first quarter, we launched our 2016 Sustainability Report entitled Circular by Design. It is an in-depth state testament to all we have accomplished over the past year and provides insight into our aspirations as we move forward with our journey to make IFF a deeply greener company. If you haven't already, I invite you to check out our report and companion video are found online at the iff.com/sustain. Beginning in 2014, IFF-LMR took a step forward and partnered with the Institute of Marketecology, a leading provider for international inspection and certification services for organic, ecological and social standards to certify that our strategic supply chains and operating platforms meet with the For Life criteria. During the first quarter, we were proud to announce that IFF-LMR achieved its 9th For Life Certification, this time for Burgundy Blackcurrant Bud. Our responsible sourcing platforms in naturals demonstrates our commitment to traceability and towards progressively more responsible ingredients. Certification For Life is a guarantee from IFF to our customers and their consumers. We are also targeting opportunities within our industry and near adjacencies to develop new technologies and to expand our geographic and business access. All of this must be done in a way that make strong strategic sense and leverages our expertise in science and technology. Over the past two years, we have successfully acquired five companies, three of which closed in the past seven months. Our acquisition of David Michael in October 2016 helped further reinforce our differentiated service model is the U.S. for Flavors middle-market customers, focused on innovation, agility and enhanced collaboration. In early 2017, we acquired Fragrance Resources, which is a key player in a fast-growing specialty Fine Fragrance category, also increasing our exposure to regional customer base. In the first quarter of 2017, these two acquisitions contributed approximately 5 percentage points of our sales growth and 3 percentage points of operating profit growth already, as we are tracking ahead of our acquisition case, driving sales growth and extracting synergies. Last month, we also announced the purchase of PowderPure to further expand our expertise and offerings for clean label solutions that satisfy consumer demands. Founded in the early 2000s and based in Oregon, PowderPure utilizes its patented Infidri drying technology to create all-natural food ingredients by eliminating water while leaving the taste, nutrition and color matrix intact. Using minimal processing, PowderPure currently focuses on all fruits and vegetable powders, juice powders, as well as other specialty products. PowderPure's technology has also been used to effectively repurpose valuable materials resulting from other food processing systems, turning them into useful and nutritious products and saving them from waste streams. The global trend in natural food formulations and the delivery of taste was options for the cleanest possible label. It's clear and we found the combination of powders, product quality, and the unique benefits of their technology very compelling. This platform further expands our access to fast-growing natural, clean label food ingredients and potentially creates opportunities in adjacent markets of nutraceuticals, specialty extracts, and coloring food stuffs. Overall, we are very excited about this addition to our organization and the future growth prospective it brings. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Rich.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Andreas. Our first quarter results in sales growth was strong and in line with our expectations. Currency-neutral sales grew 7%, including approximately 5 percentage points related to the contribution of David Michael and Fragrance Resources, and 2 percentage points from our Organic business. Currency-neutral adjusted operating profit grew 3% as the benefit of acquisitions, volume growth, and cost savings initiatives more than offset unfavorable price to input costs, as well as unplanned expenses, including unfavorable manufacturing variances, bad debt, a product recall, and litigation loss. I'll go through these in more specifics on my next slide. Below the line, we had strong leverage as we benefited from a more favorable effective tax rate, which we expect to normalize over the next three quarters to approximately 22.5% on a full-year basis, and a reduction in shares outstanding related to our share repurchase program. These two factors led to a robust currency-neutral adjusted EPS growth in the quarter of 9%. Looking at our Q1 currency-neutral operating profit growth, I want to provide some more clarity on our performance drivers year-over-year. In the second bar, you can see that volume growth added 6 percentage points to profitability. In the third bar, we have highlighted the benefits of our cost and productivity initiatives. Due to the likes of formula optimization, procurement savings, and restructuring program savings, we delivered approximately 4 percentage points of benefit year-over-year. As Andreas stated earlier, the contribution of David Michael and Fragrance Resources added 3 percentage points to operating profit growth, as shown in the fourth bar, as we are growing and realizing synergies. From a headwind's perspective, as seen in the next bar, price to input costs were unfavorable by about 4 percentage points, driven by a reduction in pricing within Fragrance Ingredients, as well as volume-related rebates in core listing agreements in Fragrance compounds. The area where I'd like to elaborate more on is in the next box, which is related to unplanned expenses that negatively impacted our operating performance in the quarter by approximately 4%. About half of that amount relates to manufacturing variances in Fragrance Ingredients. We have a reactor temporarily suspended for approximately two to three weeks in one of our plants, and manufacturing yield variances due to the implementation of new manufacturing processes at another Fragrance Ingredient plant. The other half of the variance is – the headwinds, was driven by bad debt for a single customer based in Latin America, a litigation loss, and lastly, a charge of $1.8 million related to the write-off associated with the product recall. The remaining items, grouped together in other, primarily relates to deferred compensation expense, where we make mark-to-market adjustments based on the performance of the equity market. Net-net, had we not had these unplanned items, currency-neutral adjusting operating profit would've been more in line with our expectations. Looking at the business unit performance for the first quarter, Fragrance currency-neutral sales improved 3%, driven by growth in Fine Fragrances, Fabric Care, and Fragrance Ingredients. From a category perspective, Fine Fragrance improved 10% on a currency-neutral basis, inclusive of additional sales related to the acquisition of Fragrance Resources. Three of the four regions, led by EAME, achieved strong growth, with the exception of Latin America, which continues to experience abnormally high volume erosion due to weak economic conditions. Consumer Fragrances grew 2% on a currency-neutral basis, principally driven by the additional sales related to the acquisition of Fragrance Resources and improvements in Fabric Care. In the first quarter, Fabric Care grew low single-digits on a currency-neutral basis, with three of the four geographies posting strong growth, led by double-digit increase in North America and high single-digit growth in EAME and Greater Asia. Fragrance Ingredients sales were up 2% on a currency-neutral basis, as double-digit growth in EAME and LatAm were offset by softness in North America and Greater Asia. From a profit perspective, Fragrance's currency-neutral segment profit decreased 6%, as volume growth and the benefits from productivity initiatives were more than offset by unfavorable price to input costs, as well as several of the unplanned expenses that I mentioned earlier. In terms of currency-neutral segment profit margin, our profile remained strong, yet was under pressure year-over-year, driven by the above items I mentioned. Plus the Fragrance Resource acquisition, inclusive of a step-up in purchase price accounting and before realizing all the synergies. Flavors' currency-neutral sales increased 10%, driven by broad-based organic growth across all categories, as well as the contribution of sales related to David Michael. From a regional perspective, each region delivered growth led by strong double-digit performance in North America, which improved 27%, reflecting additional sales related to the acquisition of David Michael, as well as strong double-digit growth in dairy and savory in the Organic business. EAME increased 6% on a currency-neutral basis, led by high single-digits in Western Europe, Central, and Southeastern Europe. This performance was primarily driven by strong new wins. Greater Asia posted 3% currency-neutral growth, led by strong double-digit growth in India, Thailand and the Philippines. On a category basis within Greater Asia, performance was led by double-digit growth in beverages. Growth in Latin America continue, improving 7% on a currency-neutral basis, led by double-digit growth in Mexico and the Andean Pact, as well as mid-single-digit growth in the Southern Cone. Flavors currency-neutral segment profit grew approximately 12%, led by volume growth, the benefits from productivity initiatives, and the contribution of David Michael's acquisition. In terms of currency-neutral segment profit margin, we delivered year-over-year improvements, principally driven by our savings related to the productivity initiatives as well as volume growth. Turning to our cash flow, our core working capital levels continued to show improvement, principally driven by the timing of payables. Operating cash flow for the first quarter was $22 million compared to $40 million in the first quarter of last year. While we experienced lower outflows from working capital, we were negatively impacted by the timing of higher pension payments, which will normalize throughout the year, as well as higher incentive compensation payments. From a capital allocation standpoint, we spent approximately $27 million in CapEx and we continue to believe we expend approximately 5% sales in 2017. Regarding cash return to shareholders in Q1, we spent approximately $51 million on dividend payouts and $38 million on share repurchases. For the full-year, we expect to meet or exceed our total payout objective of 50% to 60% of adjusted net income. As we look to the balance of the year, we are optimistic that we can achieve our previously stated total financial guidance on a currency-neutral basis. Please note that this is absent of any additional costs and/or recovery related to the product recall, as it's not estimable at this time. We do not believe that the ultimate settlement of the claim will have a material impact on our financial condition; however, it may have an impact on any one quarter. We are reiterating our previously stated currency-neutral sales growth projection of 7.5% to 8.5%, including approximately 4.5 percentage points' contribution from the acquisitions of David Michael's and Fragrance Resources. Embedded in the acquisition impact is the sales benefit related to recent acquisition of PowderPure, which is expected to have a negligible impact on a full-year basis. From adjusted operating profit and EPS perspective excluding the impact of currency, we expect to achieve 5.5% to 6.5% and 6.5% to 7.5% respectively, inclusive of a 2.5 percentage point contribution from M&A for each. Given our performance in the first quarter and the outlook for the balance of the year, we raised the contribution from acquisitions which provided an offset to the unplanned expenses in our Organic business in the first quarter. For modeling purposes, please note that we expect the momentum in terms of currency-neutral adjusted operating profit to accelerate in the second half of the year as we fully realize the benefits of our previously announced productivity improvement initiatives. While our currency-neutral guidance has not changed, the effects of currency movements on our results have. From a top line perspective, the impact of currency improved by approximately 1 point to 1.5 percentage point headwind, primarily driven by an improvement in the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate. On a profit and EPS basis, movements in several currencies such as the Brazilian real, Argentinean peso, Indonesia rupiah and Mexican peso versus the dollar has had an adverse effect on our guidance as well as transaction rate differences on the timing of inventories. We are hedged approximately 75% on euro profit exposure at $1.12 for 2017. As a result, on a full-year basis, we expect the impact of foreign exchange on adjusted operating profit to be approximately 2.5 percentage points and approximately 3 percentage points on adjusted EPS. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Rich. In summary, we are pleased that we achieved currency-neutral growth across all metrics in the first quarter of 2017. Sales growth was strong and overall currency-neutral adjusted operating profit was supported by a successful integration of recent acquisitions, evidence that we are allocating capital to the highest return initiatives. Simultaneously, we continue to refocus on the execution of Vision 2020 as we believe our emphasis on building great differentiation and delivering profitable growth that will create incremental shareholder value long-term. For the full-year, we are optimistic that our financial growth rates should accelerate as our 2016 performance as we have confirmed our currency-neutral financial guidance. With that, I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Hey. Morning, everybody. So, wanted to ask, if I heard correctly, the organic sales growth expectation is unchanged while EBIT and EPS are a little bit lower. So, I guess, on the top line, confidence in achieving accelerating organic sales growth through the year, including now off of a lower 1Q base. And I guess maybe putting it differently, too, what would have to happen for you to hit the low and the high end of that 3% to 4% range?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thanks, Mark. Look, I think from a top-line standpoint, the first quarter was challenging. I think when we look at our full-year expectations, it's based on our current views in terms of confirmed new wins. We do expect that volume erosion and the effects of destocking, expect to have less of a drag as we proceed through the balance of the year. We are expecting to see improved performance particularly in the second half of the year related to Lucas Meyer's. And we'll continue to see greater contribution from the faster growing acquisitions and their impact associated with local and regional customers.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: If I might add, and if you look at the acquisitions, you have certainly an impact from David Michael, which was done in the fourth quarter, but it's not the total quarter, so we have technically more sales than Fragrance Resource, which was closed basically mid of January, so that has an effect here as well.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Maybe just following on that. You sort of look at the business performance relative to peers. Clearly, IFF has been underperforming, depending on which you want to -you benchmark against at least of the other big public four companies. So, I guess, I'm curious what your thoughts are that has contributed to that. And then, sort of related to it from a geographic standpoint, why do you think developed markets contribute more than developing markets, in terms of the expected growth? And what are you specifically seeing that would be the underlying behind that?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay. Mark, I'll take it. First of all, we don't see an underperformance compared to competitors on a FX-neutral basis, that's number one. Last year, the first quarter is the first quarter, and I think we should look at the year. Looking at the developing markets, we see actually right now a pretty good performance for certainly North America, in many regards, organically, but also through the acquisitions. Europe is actually amazingly strong for us, which is a good one. Coming to the emerging markets, here, we see a lot of headwinds in terms of currency. I think all the currencies with exception of the euro, Rich just mentioned are all in the emerging markets, which are creating a lot of headwind for us. We see a lot of economic turmoil and volatility in Latin America, which is obviously an important customer not just for the Fragrance business – or region for the Fragrance business, in particular, Brazil is really not easy to manage right now. We see certainly more turmoil in the Middle East as well, and China is volatile. So, you see that the emerging markets or the contribution of the emerging market was not as good or as, let's say, important as it was many years or the years before. We believe that we still – as our exposure to the emerging market that many of these markets will come back over time and will create again a growth engine for us looking forward during the, let's say, strategic planning horizon.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. So, looking at the outlook for the balance of the year, and Andreas, you just mentioned – sorry, I think it was Rich – about volume erosion and destocking being less pressure as we go through the year. Just when we look at the results of some of your customers, largely in the U.S. more so for the food companies, but also the HPC (28:35) players, the first quarter was a shocking turn to the negative, and they all seemed very surprised. So, I'm curious with degree to which you've seen that, sort of inventory adjustments for customers make its way to impact your business yet, or is that something we should still be anticipating in the second quarter?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hi, Lauren. It's Rich. I think couple of things from me. One, I would say that, again, while I expect and we expect to see less of an impact, it's not like it's based on a significant turnaround. We still expect to see pressure, and it's less about having less of a headwind, but it's still going to be headwind. Our expectations are not based on having a significant turnaround, for example, in Latin America for Fragrances. Latin America for Flavors is quite strong and our full-year outlook for Flavors in Latin America is pretty consistent with what we saw in the first quarter. I think when we look at our relationship to our customers, I think as there is a downward correction, we are more lagging. And I think when conditions are improving, we're probably an earlier indicator.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: And I might add on – if you look at the market and you have seen this between the big companies and the small or mid-market companies, it's really bifurcation of the market. And now for us, in particular in North America, increasing our share in the smaller customers is really beneficial for us, and it will help us with our growth rates as well going forward.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: But, Andreas, were those – and I understand that and I know that's been a big piece of the strategy and the acquisitions, it all makes a ton of sense. I just wonder if those businesses are yet large enough to offset some of the pressure that may be ahead, even if it's a short-term, again, as Rich said, kind of lagging the correction that your larger customers in North America have seen in the last three months?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Actually, we see it now through, because it is now five acquisitions if we include PowderPure, and we are building critical mass. And what we see here is new wins as well going forward. And actually, all of these acquisitions – okay, I can't talk for PowderPure, it's probably between you. But all of the four acquisitions have at least double to triple the growth rate of regional business, and they are becoming an engine of growth for us. And I think it's helping. I agree with you. At the beginning, when we had our first acquisition, it was very small. It was not moving the needle, but now accumulating more of these growth engines that's really, really helpful for us, and that's actually moving it forward. Particularly in North America, we see it actually big times, big times.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Lauren, I would...
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I would also say – sorry, Lauren. I would also say that – to what Andreas was talking about is, when you look at our win rates this year compared to our win rates last year, we feel good about where we are in both businesses. Volume erosion in the Q1 was above average, and as I said, I think we still expect to see pressure in the first half of this year. As that works out, we've got – certainly the situation in Latin America is challenging. We've got key customers there. Two of the key local and regional customers are clearly going through destocking. And again, as I said, we're not expecting that to turn around significantly, but we expect the impact to lessen as we progress through the year.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, on the Ingredients business, so you mentioned that the spread between pricing and input costs, reading the Q, it just doesn't sound like the input cost basket is all that much worse, so it feels like maybe more pricing concessions or raw pressure in the business. So, can you just talk a little bit about that, and sort of plans to combat that dynamic?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure. Yeah. When you look overall, the net of pricing, the input costs is – as a percent of sales, the net impact in the quarter is little less than a point. Of that, about a third of that is price, so that's principally related to the Ingredients business. Two-thirds of that – the other part of that is really, as we talked about in the commentary, it's related to the Fragrance compound business, both the effects of core list agreements and getting on to new agreements, as well as the volume-related rebates. So, it's principally – those are the two factors in that split.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And is that core list, kind of fee and rebates, is that something that's always been a feature of the business, or has things gotten more competitive, that that's kind of a new dynamic to get access?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No. I think that's always been there for – as we get access to more business, I mean, there's a bigger impact to that. But the effect of the global and the large customers using – requiring that, it's been around for years.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. I'll pass it on; I'll come back if there's time. Thank you.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thanks.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Your next question comes from Silke Kueck with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. It's Silke Kueck for Jeff. How are you?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good. How are you doing?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thanks, Silke. I'm okay.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good. If you look at your 2% organic growth in the quarter, was it 3% volume, negative 1% price? Was it 4% volume, negative 2% price? Like, how does one think about it?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: As I mentioned earlier, I would say that the new win commercial performance was strong. It's in line with our long-term averages. Pricing was slightly unfavorable, and I talked about that – just my previous comments with Lauren. And as I also said, volume erosion was a little worse than the long-term averages.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So you – okay. So, that's a volume erosion, but organic growth, and you think your price were down slightly, so that's down like 0.5%. Is that what slightly is?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So, if you – I mean, overall....
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, how do you measure negative price versus the rebate? Because it seems to me, you seem to capture rebates...
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: That's in price. That's embedded in the price number that I gave you.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Okay. In terms of the Fragrance Resources acquisition, I think there was like no benefit from the sales considered added this quarter. Is that just a one-time event, having to do with like the inventory write-ups and then you expect the business to contribute for the rest of the year?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Are you talking about in the 10-Q, Silke?
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Well, just when I look at the Fragrance results and I look at the acquisition impact, like it looked like there was a sales impact that was positive, but no profit effect. So I was wondering, was that sort of like a one-time issue because you just bought it, you had to write-up inventories and you expect it to contribute to profits?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. There's two factors. One is, we have to write-up the inventory to basically selling price. So, the initial – as the initial sales of the inventory, we basically get no margin on it, or very little margin on it. I think that will continue probably for at least another quarter. On top of that, we have, obviously, we have the step up in intangibles which will continue, and we'll have that for multiple years and it really drives the impact, the synergies. Ultimately, as we ramp up the synergies, that's how we get back to cost of capital returns.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And I want to touch one more (36:38) like Latin America, because it seems that some of headwinds in Latin America has been – like when I look back, I think some of these we've seen now for like three quarters or four quarters and so. Like it does seem that by the time we get to the second quarter, your Latin America business should begin to get better. Well, like it seems you had these headwinds for that time, it's like four quarters whereas headwinds of the consumer side than on Ingredient side – I'm sorry, on the Fine Fragrance side than on the Ingredient side?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. Look, I mean, again, from a business standpoint, Latin America again I think Flavors is performing well. From our Fragrance standpoint, we've got a couple of factors. Again, the macroeconomic factors are certainly impacting the overall region. As I mentioned earlier, we've got a couple of key customers that their business is under pressure. And on top of that, we know that they're going through destocking. And that's – until they get to that process, it's going to continue to impact us. I think the other factor is when you look at our Fabric business, which is our biggest business in consumer. We are a little bit – we are more indexed to the value-added segment, particularly related to our encapsulation around, say, something like fabric conditioner in a market like Latin America, we see consumers trading down and are not purchasing fabric conditioners as much as they are doing basic detergents. So, that's part of what's dragging the Consumer Fragrance business down and providing the big headwinds that we've seen for multiple quarters.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. The last question I have is, can you just explain – maybe I missed it – what the product recall relates to like and like in which region it affected?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. Sure. It's North America. There was a contamination issue that we traced back to one of our suppliers. Our own quality control and testing procedures identified the (38:49) contained the salmonella. We notified the customer and the FDA, and they've mandated a product recall. We don't believe it's reached the consumer, and there has been no reported illnesses. As a result of that, we wrote off our sales related to the inventory, and we wrote off our remaining inventory, and that was the total charge of about $1.8 million in the quarter. We do believe it's probable that we're going to have additional losses and costs, but we can't estimate it at this point in time. But we don't believe it's going to have a material impact on our financial condition, but it could have an impact on any particular quarter. And we'll also continue to pursue reimbursement. But again, it's very early in the process.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for the explanation. I'll get back into queue.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heidi Vesterinen with Exane.
Heidi Vesterinen - Exane Ltd.: Hi. Sorry if I missed this earlier. Could you update us on input costs, please? What was the impact in Q1? What do you expect for the full-year? And could you also update us on what you're seeing in vanilla in Madagascar? Thank you.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay. Just a couple of things there, Heidi. Impact in the first quarter was slightly unfavorable. We've got and that's higher input costs for the Flavors business, particularly driven by the naturals and the vanilla that we talked about previously. Favorable on the Fragrance side of the business, but slightly unfavorable in total. For the full-year, I would say that we're looking probably at this point in the range of 3%. It could continue to go higher, depending upon what's going on with particularly vanilla. Vanilla continues to increase in the market. There's been supply constraints. There's a lot of pressure from a demand standpoint, and we continue to see vanilla prices going up.
Heidi Vesterinen - Exane Ltd.: And I guess you have a bit of stop, so you're incubated from these market crisis for a couple of quarters. Would that be the right way to think about it?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. I would say we're more incubated on the David Michael side. And on the rest of our business, particularly in North America and Europe, we're working with our customers on pricing.
Heidi Vesterinen - Exane Ltd.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Hi. Good morning.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, I just wanted to – morning. I just wanted to follow-up on the pricing. So, we're talking about that our price is going up 3%. Have you – I know you said you're in the process of having conversations with your customers. Have you sort of gotten any pushback on taking pricing? Has the environment changed at all from previous years?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. So, again I think it's primarily in – the pricing is primarily in the natural side of the business and more on the Flavors side, as I mentioned earlier. Overall, that's reflected in roughly 3% guidance that I just mentioned earlier, and we are working with our customers on that to recover those costs.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Okay. So, no change. And then just if you could talk a little bit about Ottens? And then I guess more broadly, if you could talk about what the organic growth of the business would've been assuming all of these acquisitions were in the base period?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So, let me talk about the two acquisitions we did in North America and the Flavors side, Ottens and David Michael. This is all a lot of exposure towards the small and mid-size customers. We see here a good development. We see great new wins going forward, and we see that the performance is certainly outperforming the market. If we look at our market data right now, we should be the market leader for this segment of the market which was the intent of these two acquisitions to make sure that we increase our exposure towards these faster-growing customers. In terms of the sequencing, we acquired David Michael in October. So, I would say end of this October, it turns into organic. And Ottens is already organic. So, it's not accounted any longer as an M&A. Let's say, growth number is already an organic number and it's helping us with our organic growth acceleration anyway.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. But if you assume that Fragrance Resources and David Michael were in the base, what would your pro forma organic growth would have been?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I mean, as we indicated, when you look at the first quarter, it was about 5 percentage points, worth of growth.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. I'll follow-up offline. I mean, the 5 percentage includes the incremental benefit of like the entire sales, right? So, I just want to know sort of on an organic basis how those businesses are doing. But I'll follow-up.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. We can follow-up on it.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Curt Siegmeyer with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Curt A. Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Curt.
Curt A. Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just a follow-up on unplanned expenses. I know you clarified on the product recall cost uncertainty related to that, but would you expect any costs related to the manufacturing or the bad debt litigation to carry into 2Q or beyond?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Bad debt, no. I think, we might have a little bit of carryover into Q2 on the manufacturing side. The reactor is back up and running, so that's not going to be an issue for Q2. But the other issue where we've ramped-up the new manufacturing process, there will be a little bit of carryover into Q2.
Curt A. Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then just on Fine Fragrances in Latin America, the volume erosion that you experienced there. I know that's been an issue for several quarters in a row. But I'm just wondering, when you compare that to the Flavors side that showed really solid volume growth, is there a vast difference in the geographic exposure and that being part of the reason as the economic conditions that impacted Fine Fragrances not – is impactful on the Flavors side or maybe just some more color around that?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I would say, Curt, that certainly the Fine Fragrances is in a, let's say, in a weak economic environment, more discretionary item and people save on it. But on the food side, probably not so much. And with all products, in particular, in Latin America, we are let's say exposed to let's say better cost solutions like with the powder drinks, for example. So, that we basically hitting actually an area which has good growth rates. Unfortunately, that's not the case with the Fine Fragrances and here we have to say as well as particularly two of our local customers where we are very strong, we have very high win rates, still they are suffering volume losses here. So, that's what it is. That actually is the difference between the Flavors and the Fragrance business as well.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: And the destocking that I mentioned earlier.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: And the destocking. Yeah.
Curt A. Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. That makes sense. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Morning.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Morning.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Maybe a question on customer activity and I know you talked about some, obviously the sales pressures that your customers are facing have been significant especially in Latin America. And you've talked about new business wins start to layer into the portfolio later this year. Can you talk about the activity level in terms of new briefs and if your larger MNC customers in particular have maybe shifted a little bit out of (47:30) kind of cost containment and are actually trying to accelerate that new product cycle to reinvigorate growth and how that provides visibility to get later into this year or into 2018?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: It's a very, very good question. We see it actually stable for the big ones compared with last year. But we are seeing increasing activity from the smaller customers and particularly on the Flavors side. And that's encouraging taking our strategy into account, while we are increasing our exposure here. But in the big ones, we haven't seen an increased level so far. It's just pretty stable compared to what it was last year.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then on the Fine Fragrance side, in your customers' distribution, it's disrupting, to say the least, with the department stores, especially in North America. Are you starting to see that flow back into your business in terms of the customer , as new distribution channels become much more important to that business?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes. Absolutely. And you hit the nail here. It is, in particular, North America, where the distribution model that's changing, and particularly on the more Mass (48:43) Fragrance, Fine Fragrance part. And here, it's actually of the essence to make sure that we as well, and our customers, let's say, find the right mix of the products between the prestige, the premium, and the mass and masstige (49:00) market. I think that's really, really important. Interesting enough, it looks – at the moment, it's very much a North America issue. Europe looks still different. And if you look at our growth rates, you can reconcile that. But that's certainly a topic for our customers, and ultimately a topic for us as well.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And can you talk about the margin implications of that? Do you see that presenting risks, as some of those Fine Fragrance can be particularly rich in terms of the margins?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. At least not on our end so far. No, we don't see any risks.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. All right. That's helpful. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning. Thanks very much. Andreas, I want to talk about, could you give us a rough sense, your split of business between – across the company – between the large global companies and smaller regional companies? I know you talked, gave us a little detail about the trends there, but what is that – how big have smaller regional companies, however you want to customers define that, become within your mix? It is – I mean, I know the trends are better, is the cost-to-serve those customers, because of increased complexity, a little bit higher than your larger customers, at least on a marginal basis? And is that maybe part of what we saw this quarter, or is there anything to that? I'd just like to understand it.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Well, it's a good point. So, for us, our exposure, big two, the smaller one is roundabout 50/50. What we see is, or what you have to do if you serve the smaller customers is that you need a differentiated service model, which creates, let's say, actually a better approach for these customers which is more agile, faster, more nimble, and has certainly, also on our side, probably lesser exposure to cost, because the good thing is, many of these customers are making faster decisions, and you basically get the business earlier and faster than with the bigger ones. And usually, you don't have a core list exposure where you have to say, bigger rebates to get on this list, for example. And that's the reason why, on the Flavors side here, in the U.S., we are having kind of a standalone facility now serving these customers. And that's basically everything, the whole operation between Ottens and David Michael, with some of our smaller business together to make sure that we take into consideration a really differentiated service model here. That's the only way that you can become successful in this market segment.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sorry. Go ahead.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Yeah. I was just going to say, would you say the – is there a structural cost to service you here at the margin that it just gets harder – I mean, a lot – it seems to me like a lot of your growth in margin over the past five years has been making everything more efficient, focusing on more – larger briefs for huge customers, and this is a lot of what you've done. And now like a little bit more complexity maybe erodes that at the margin, but maybe brings some other things. So I just like to understand how that margin works structurally?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. So, let me just put some – a little bit in context. When you look at the year-over-year margin profile for the business, if you take the currency impact out, which is probably 80 basis points, if you take out the effect of the unplanned expenses that I mentioned earlier, which is probably 70 basis points at the margin level, so if you – absent those two factors, our margin year-over-year will be slightly positive. So, your cost-to-serve element, there's different components. Andreas talked about the Flavors side of it. If I look at the compound side for Fragrances, the smaller customers, we have less from a cost-to-serve standpoint, because more of that business is going to come off of our – out of our bank, and we have less of a creative demand related to the local and regional customers.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brett Hundley with Vertical Group.
Brett Hundley - Vertical Group: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question, guys. First, just a quick one. I'm sorry if I missed this, but what is M&A now expected to contribute to currency-neutral sales and EPS growth? Before, it was expected to contribute 4.5% to sales and 1.5% to EPS growth. And I think you guys said that that stepped up a little bit. Did you give those revised figures?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: We didn't. I mean, it's about 1.5% at top line and 2.5% at the operating profit line. So it shifted a little bit, given the strong performance in the Q1 from the M&A business and the unplanned expenses on our Organic business in Q1.
Brett Hundley - Vertical Group: I'm sorry, you said 1.5% top line, incremental 1.5%?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: The M&A impact, about 1.5% top line and 2.5% operating profit.
Brett Hundley - Vertical Group: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate that. And then, just for you and/or Andreas, even with these regionals, these smaller customers increasing as a percentage of your mix, as you well know, M&A is an increasingly greater proportion of your sales growth today versus previous quarters or previous years, however you want to look at it. And when we talk to other ingredient companies in the industry, other adjacent companies, they are increasingly talking about blends – ingredient blends as getting more and more in focus from a customer standpoint, being in greater demand relative to just single Flavor and Fragrance compound. And I know some of these guys are obviously talking their book, because that's what they produce. So, maybe I'll give you guys a chance to talk your book and discuss if you are seeing that as well and maybe how you guys are set up to handle any related shift?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So, I would not say that you see a trend in that, but we see certainly that this is an opportunity. And if you look at on the Flavor side at our PowderPure acquisition, then this is certainly going into an adjacent part of the business, which could certainly add to that quite significantly. On the Fragrance side, I'm actually not so sure. I would say on the Fine Fragrance, you deliver the whole package anyway despite the packaging material. But we haven't seen anything else on the Consumer Fragrance side. There's probably more trend we see towards the Flavors and Ingredients business. And then here, we are taking account of it, but we have to make sure as well as that you keep your margin profile because some of these, let's say, complete solutions are not the most profitable ones, but we have to make sure that we manage that in a very careful way here.
Brett Hundley - Vertical Group: That makes sense. Thank you so much.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: You're welcome.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Brett, let me make one correction to what I just said. At the top line, it's about 4.5%. I transposed currency versus M&A.
Brett Hundley - Vertical Group: Okay.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So, it's about 4.5% top line.
Brett Hundley - Vertical Group: Got you. So, no change to the top line impact and instead of 1.5% health now on the bottom line, it's 2.5% health?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Correct.
Brett Hundley - Vertical Group: All right. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks. I was actually going to clarify that so that's helpful. And then the other thing was on reinvestment spending. Another unexpected expenses in the quarter, but I just want to check in where in that bridge which we could find kind of any reinvestment considering there was this quarter?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: It's basically going to get netted in the cost and productivity, but again it's been limited, given the environment. I mean, I think the big part of the reinvestment is going to come as we talked about later this year and into 2018 as we get the full benefits associated with the productivity program.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then also on the bridge, the six-point contribution from volume. Is that inclusive of – that's including volume from acquisitions I would think, because I thought it sounded like total company volume wouldn't have that much positive leverage to it?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So, the M&A's impact, all the M&A's in the...
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: ...is in the M&A line.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: It is totally separate. So, is this level of volume growth which was – I would have thought was slightly down total volume. I was just surprised that there was this, again, positive leverage?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I will go back and check it, but...
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: ...that's apples-to-apples.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over back over to Andreas for closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you very much for your questions and have a good day. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.
Analysts: Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd. Curt A. Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Brett Hundley - Vertical Trading Group LLC
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances' Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Vice President, Global Corporate Communications & Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's fourth quarter and full year 2016 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed our press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During this call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to our full year 2017. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on March 1, 2016 and our press release that we filed yesterday. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued yesterday. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rich O'Leary. We will start with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have. With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Michael. I would like to start with an executive overview of our operational performance for the full year. Then, I want to provide an update on the progress we are making in terms of our long-term Vision 2020 strategy. Once finished, I will ask Rich to cover our financial results in greater detail, including a comprehensive review of our fourth quarter, cash flow statement and cash return to shareholders. Then we will both provide commentary as it relates to our outlook for 2017 and finish by taking any questions that you may have. Starting with a financial review of our consolidated results for the full year 2016, I am pleased to report that consolidated currency-neutral sales grew 5%. Both business units successfully delivered growth, with 6% in Flavors and 4% in Fragrances. Overall, top line growth was supported by our organic business, which grew 3% on a currency-neutral basis, as we continue to benefit from strong new win performance. In addition, Ottens Flavors, Lucas Meyer Cosmetics and David Michael contributed 2 percentage points of growth. For the full year 2016, consolidated adjusted operating profit on a currency-neutral basis increased 4%, led by volume growth, productivity initiatives, and the contribution of acquisitions. This improvement in currency-neutral adjusted operating profit when combined with a more favorable effective tax rate and a reduction in shares outstanding led to a 6% increase in our currency-neutral adjusted EPS in 2016. On a full year basis, we continue to make strategic progress. Starting with our Innovating Firsts pillar, in 2016, we commercialized four highly-anticipated captive fragrance ingredient molecules, which was 2 times our historic leverage. All four molecules had unique and distinctive characteristics to give our perfumers a competitive edge and creating the next great fragrance for our customers. The strong growth trend for encapsulation-related sales continued in 2016 led by Fabric Care. For the full year 2016, Fabric Care was our highest growing category in Fragrance, led by a strong double-digit growth in North America and Greater Asia. We also set a new benchmark for fragrance sustainability with the release of our first-ever Cradle to Cradle Certified Fragrance: PuraVita. The fragrance is an innovative approach to sustainable fragrance creation that aligns well with our circular economy strategy. PuraVita is a model for what can be achieved from perfumers pair creativity with sustainable design principle. From a Flavors perspective, sales of our sweetness and savory modulation portfolio continue to produce strong results, as well improving strong double-digit in 2016. Growth was broad-based, led by Savory, Beverage and Sweet, an example that we are providing our customers with innovative solution that win in the marketplace with the consumers. In 2016, we also launched and commercialized four new flavor modulators to further strengthen our capabilities and give our flavors a greater palate to work with. I also would like to recognize that IFF | Lucas Meyer Cosmetics won two silver innovation awards in 2016. They've won a silver innovation award at the in-cosmetics Conference held in Paris for Miniporyl and a silver innovation award for Defenscalp at in-cosmetics Asia. Both are fantastic achievements and we look forward showcasting at our dinner next week at the CAGNY Conference. We continue to see accelerated growth in the areas where we are targeting market leadership position. While leveraging our longstanding presence and in-depth consumer knowledge, the Middle East and Africa continue to be a growth driver for us, as the currency-neutral sales improved strong double-digits in 2016. Strong growth was achieved across both Flavors and Fragrances. In North America Consumer Fragrance, we saw an 8% increase in 2016, driven primarily by strong double-digit growth in both Fabric and Home Care, a direct correlation to our industry-leading technologies. Home Care also improved mid single-digits globally, led by robust growth in North America which I just mentioned moments ago. In 2016, in North America, we further strengthened our number two market share position in Flavors with the acquisition of David Michael, which I will touch on shortly. In addition to the strides we have made from a market share and innovation perspective, we continue to position ourselves to be our customers' partner of choice and to-go supplier. Throughout 2016, we expanded our business access through gaining core list status with two multinational customers. This is a significant achievement as it will ultimately lead to more growth longer term. I'm also very proud of the recognition we received from our customers in 2016. Over the course of the year, we won several awards across both businesses, showcasting our collaborative work and inspirational session with our customers. As a committed global citizen, we became the first flavor and fragrance company to join the World Economic Forum in 2016 to partner with other leading organizations dedicated to creating positive, lasting changes in society. In addition, to leveraging new relationships, our collaboration with the Forum allows us the opportunity to engage with many of our large customers in new non-traditional ways. Our business strategy is built on the enabler of creating a sustainable future. This directive led us to launch an enhanced sustainability strategy in Vision 2016 that focuses on positive transformational changes toward our regenerative, healthy and abundant world. Under this umbrella, we opened an on-site wind turbine at our Tilburg, Netherlands facility that is unique to the flavors and fragrance industry. We're rated gold and top suppliers by EcoVadis and identified as a global leader for our action and strategies regarding climate change. For the second consecutive year, we're also honored by being awarded a leadership position on the CDP Climate A List for advances in carbon management and disclosure. As part of our efforts to further fortify the cross-sections between sustainability and business, I was elected to the World Business Council for Sustainable Development Executive Committee in 2016. This CEO-led organization of forward-thinking companies works to accelerate the global business community to create a sustainable future for business, society and the environment, qualities that are parallel on our own commitment to eco-effectiveness. In 2016, we also partnered with Unilever for Vetiver Together, a program designed to enhance the lives of smallholder vetiver farmers in Haiti by sustainable improving food security, increasing yields and diversifying income while working to support women's empowerment and environmental conservation. In line with our ambition to accelerate growth and increase shareholder value, we are proud of the progress we have made in terms of acquisitions. During 2016, we added approximately $160 million of future annual revenue with the acquisition of David Michael and Fragrance Resources, the latter of which closed in January of 2017. David Michael is well-known for its vanilla expertise, strength in the Dairy and Beverage categories, and relationships with dynamic, faster-growing middle market customers. Whereas Fragrance Resources, which increases our participation in specialty fragrances, is a faster growing subcategory with Fine Fragrances and strengthening our market share position with a regional customer base. These two acquisitions as well as the 2015 acquisition of Ottens Flavors and Lucas Meyer Cosmetics, are expected to add approximately $265 million in annual revenue, putting us on track to achieve our $500 million to $1 billion goal by the end of 2020. We also announced that IFF | Lucas Meyer Cosmetics made a strategic investment in Bio ForeXtra in Quebec City, Canada-based R&D laboratory, highly specialized in the development of active cosmetic and botanical extracts. This investment expands IFF-LMC's access to raw materials for the cosmetic active business. We believe the access we will gain to sustainable sourced extracts from Boreal Forest of Canada will provide us with a competitive edge. Overall, I'm very pleased with the progress we have made in 2016. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Rich.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Andreas. The fourth quarter came in consistent with our expectation as all of our key financial metrics accelerated sequentially versus the third quarter. Currency-neutral sales growth of 7% was driven by new wins across both businesses, with improved volume trends on our historical business and the benefits associated with our recent acquisition. Our acquisition of David Michael contributed approximately 3 percentage points of growth to the fourth quarter results. From a profit perspective, consolidated adjusted operating profit on a currency-neutral basis increased 6%, as volume growth, the benefits of productivity, and the contribution of M&A drove results. Bottom line, currency-neutral adjusted EPS increased 6%, as we had lower shares outstanding versus the prior-year period, driven by a share repurchase program, offset by higher tax rate. Turning to business performance for the fourth quarter, Flavors currency-neutral sales increased 14%, driven by broad-based growth across all categories as well as the contribution of sales from David Michael. From a regional perspective, I'm pleased to say that each region delivered double-digit growth. North America grew 22%, reflecting additional sales related to the acquisition of David Michael as well as strong double-digit growth in Dairy. EAME increased 12% on a currency-neutral basis as growth was led by new win performance with strong double-digit growth in both Beverage and Sweet. Africa and Middle East continued its impressive growth trend, improving strong double-digits in the fourth quarter. Greater Asia posted 10% currency-neutral growth, led by strong double-digit growth in India, ASEAN and Indonesia, plus low single-digit growth in China. On a category basis within Greater Asia, we achieved broad-based growth amongst all our categories, led by strong double-digit increases in Savory and Beverage. Growth in Latin America continued, improving 13% on a currency-neutral basis, led by strong double-digit increases in both Mexico and Brazil. Flavors currency-neutral segment profit grew approximately 27%, led by volume growth, the benefits from productivity, and to a lesser extent the contribution of David Michael. From a Fragrance perspective, fourth quarter currency-neutral sales grew 1%, driven by growth in Fabric Care, Home Care and Fragrance Ingredients. From a category perspective, Fine Fragrances declined, driven by abnormally high volume erosions, weak economic conditions in Latin America, and the portfolio transition of two large customers. Consumer Fragrances grew 3% on a currency-neutral basis, led by double-digit growth in Home Care and high single-digit growth in Fabric Care, partially offset by Personal Wash. On a geographic basis, we achieved double-digit growth in North America and high single-digit increases in EAME. Fragrance Ingredients sales were up 2% on a currency-neutral basis, as strong growth in EAME was offset by softness in North America and Latin America. From a profit perspective, Fragrance's currency-neutral segment profit was flat year-over-year, as volume growth and benefits from productivity were offset by mix and unfavorable price and input costs. Before moving on to cash flow, I'd like to take a minute to provide you greater insight with respect to our full year 2016 organic top line performance, including foreign exchange-related pricing to provide a better comparison with our peers. As a reminder, when reporting, we exclude the indexation effect on local currency invoicing from our currency-neutral sales growth calculations. This is different from our competition and can impact performance comparisons. For 2016, adjusting our currency-neutral sales growth calculation to a basis similar to our competition reports, our consolidated organic currency-neutral sales would have increased by 1 percentage point to approximately 4%, Flavors would have increased to 5% versus 3%, and Fragrance would have been up 3% versus 2%. From a cash flow perspective, our core working capital levels to continue to show improvement year-over-year as a percentage of sales, as our five-quarter rolling average figure through the end of Q4 was down about 50 basis points to approximately 28.4% of our annual 2016 sales. This change was driven by core working capital level improving versus the year-ago period, principally driven by improvements in accounts receivables and inventories. Operating cash flow for the full year was $535 million. This increase was principally due to lower core working capital requirements, higher depreciation and amortization, and lower pension contributions. Operating cash flow increased 23% to $535 million or 17.2% of sales, an improvement of 280 basis points versus the full year 2015. Capital expenditures for the year finished at $126 million or approximately 4% of sales, as we continue to make investments to support new technologies and infrastructure. We delivered on our commitment to return cash to shareholders in 2016. Dividend payments were $185 million, reflecting a 15% increase in August as we look to provide a more competitive yield while simultaneously balancing our growth objectives. Supplementing our dividend, we spent $127 million in share buybacks. Over the course of the year, we repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares and lowered our diluted shares outstanding by approximately 900,000 to 79.9 million shares. When combining both dividend and share repurchases, we achieved a 71% total payout ratio of adjusted net income, exceeding our target range of 50% to 60%. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Rich. In large part to our industry-leading innovation and the ability to provide our customers with superior product, IFF has a history of strong sales growth, proven profitability, and industry-leading returns. Over the past two years, however, we have seen the global operating environment become more volatile as the global consumer staples volumes are soft, currencies are fluctuating, and raw material costs are on the rise. To put this in perspective, we have seen top global consumer product companies volumes decelerate from an average of 2.5% in 2013 to an expected average of 0% in 2016. We have seen emerging market GDP growth slow significantly from 7.5% in 2010 to 5% in 2013 and to approximately 4% in 2016. Key markets such as Brazil and China have been under pressure. The U.S. dollar has although continued to strengthen versus many global currencies. As the U.S. dollar strengthens, many global customers increased pricing in the emerging markets, which has an adverse effect on end market volumes. In addition, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar has an adverse impact on multinational organizations domiciled in the U.S. Raw materials have also exhibited inflationary pressures. On the natural side, the demand for all natural products has driven the cost of natural ingredients higher over the past few years. This can be best seen in the vanilla and citrus markets where increases have been two- or three-fold. More recently, we have seen synthetic raw materials rise off their lows. With that as a backdrop and fully recognizing the changing landscape, we are taking action to continue to deliver winning solution to our customers while achieving sustainable profit growth. The start was the launch of multi-year productivity program to allow us the flexibility to invest in the business to drive greater competitive advantage and deliver the target financial results we set out to achieve. Over the course of the next few years, we expect to unlock savings through the application of enterprise-wide zero-based budgeting, elimination of open position, streamlining of our organizational structures, and the optimization of our global network. Once fully implemented, we expect savings from this productivity program to reach an annual run rate between $40 million and $45 million by the end of 2019. We believe that by taking these steps, we should be a stronger, more successful company for our customers, employees, and shareholders. To provide additional insight into our expected profitability goal for 2017, we want to highlight the main drivers of change. In the table, we anchored on full year 2016 adjusted operating profit and build out a reconciliation to bridge to 2017 operating profit. Starting with the second bar, you will note that we expect approximately 3.5-percentage-point headwind related to the reset of our incentive compensation costs. In the third bar, we have included the projected growth of our organic business, including our standard cost on productivity initiatives. This takes into account the external factors that I mentioned moments ago. To ensure we continue to deliver an improved profit performance in 2017, I want to focus on the fourth bar where we have highlighted the potential benefit related to our multi-year productivity program. As you can see, the contribution from this program expects to yield 4 percentage points to 4.5 percentage points of growth in 2017. To round this out, we also expect 1 percentage point contribution from our recent acquisition of David Michael and Fragrance Resources. Looking at 2017 holistically, we're optimistic that all of our financial growth rates should accelerate versus our 2016 performance. From a top line perspective, we expect 7.5% to 8.5% currency-neutral sales growth, inclusive of approximately 4.5 percentage points related to David Michael and Fragrance Resources acquisitions. From an organic perspective, growth is expected to accelerate, largely driven by improving trends in Flavors North America, as volume erosion improves, and a return to growth in China Flavors following the order issue we faced. In addition, we expect Fragrance Ingredients to continue to improve, a direct result of our revised strategy and Fine Fragrances to return to modest growth, driven by strong new wins. As I already shared, operating profit is expected to improve 5.5% to 6.5% on a currency-neutral basis. It should be noted that we expect raw material prices to increase low single-digits in 2017, with vanilla continuing to rise to very high levels. We are in pricing discussions with our customers and are confident we can recover these increases. Currency-neutral EPS growth is expected to improve by 6.5 percentage points to 7.5 percentage points, led by a modestly lower effective tax rate and a continuation of our share repurchase program. In terms of foreign exchange, for 2017, we expect currency translation to impact sales by approximately 2.5 percentage points. For adjusted operating profit, we expect to benefit from our euro hedging program, which we are approximately 70% hedge at $1.12 for 2017. In terms of the impact on operating profits and EPS, we expect currency-reduced results by approximately 2 percentage points and 2.5 percentage points, respectively. So, in summary, we are pleased that we have achieved currency-neutral growth across all metrics in 2016 while also executing against our Vision 2020 strategy. As we look ahead to 2017, recognizing the reality of today's market environment, we're optimistic that our financial growth rate should accelerate versus 2016 performance. We are also taking proactive measures to allow us the flexibility to invest in the business, to drive greater competitive advantage and deliver the targeted financial results we set out to achieve – in particular, achieving our long-term financial targets in 2018. By leveraging our strengths, innovation, consumer insight, talent and diversification, we will continue to strive for improved growth and increase in profitability to deliver our long-term sustainable value. With that, I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from Mark Astrachan.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, thanks and good morning, everybody.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hi.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I wanted to ask what is implied in your organic sales guidance range of 3% to 4% for 2017. In other words, what has to happen to achieve the high end and the low end of the range? For example, is there any improvement embedded in emerging markets, which I think you'd mentioned last quarter? And then, if you could also give the composition of sales from volume and pricing, especially given your commentary on input costs, that would be helpful?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay, Mark, absolutely. So, as you well know, we have faced a couple of challenges over 18 to 24 months largely in North America Flavors where we believe that we're over the volume erosion and we normalized to historical levels and we are stronger than we ever were in North America, which is important. We anticipate a return to growth in China Flavors where we had the issue with our manufacturing facility and we believe as well that the Fine Fragrances will return to modest growth, driven by strong new wins. So, all in all, I believe these factors are – if they turn out as we have them right now in the plan and we're optimistic they will, we will deliver on the growth rates. But probably Rich can talk a bit more about the composition of the sales.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah sure. And, Mark, I think when you look at the improvement and where we were in 2016 versus 2017, primarily – the primary growth and improvements of the, let's call it, the midpoint of that range is going to be volume. Pricing, there's a couple of different aspects going on there. We've still got some of the carryover impacts from the 2016, particularly on the Fragrance Ingredients side that's going to have a drag on it. On the other side, we're going to clearly have to have pricing, particularly in the Flavors business with what's going on with the input costs there. So, it's going to be substantially all that of the growth that we're projecting for 2017 is volume-driven. It's both wins and more stable – I'll call it more stable volume erosion with a slight impact on pricing.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Just to clarify then. So, is there any incremental impact in our expectation from pricing in 2017? And then just a separate follow-up. I wanted to ask about, given the new productivity initiative, what your thoughts are on long-term gross and operating margin? Expansion, is – let's call it, 30 basis points to 50 basis points of margin expansion is still reasonable? And then what's embedded for reinvestment in 2017 since I don't think I explicitly saw that in the chart?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: All right. So, again , from a pricing standpoint, it's not a significant amount. So, it's not significant on either direction. I think from a long-term profitability standpoint, I think you heard in Andreas' comments, 2017 puts us on the right trajectory, and I think we are confident on our long – as we exit 2017 and we deliver upon the results for 2017, we're going to be in a good position to deliver on our long-term profitability targets. And that's really how we're looking at the business. From there on, on a long-term basis, as the volatility stabilizes, we'll be in a better position to make choices on how much and where the investment opportunities are and how much falls to the bottom line and how much gets reinvested in the business.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. First, I just want to follow up again on the productivity program. So, one would be, Rich, in that bridge, the amount that you're showing, is that the benefit of the small program announced in last year's fourth quarter and then some portion of what you've announced today? But just in my mind, it seems like a bigger benefit from productivity than I would expect, given this announcement. So, maybe it's something you were already working on. So, first I just wanted to ask about that.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. So, the first column of productivities, which is I think is the third column, is our normal ongoing productivity activities where we work through – it's our organic business. Most of that is productivity. When you take into account volume growth, net of input cost and pricing net of our ongoing cost increases for merit, carryover head count that's slightly favorable, the vast majority of that third column is our ongoing productivity initiative. The fourth column is really what we've talked about today in terms of long-term – the productivity improvement from the program from today. And that includes both the organic piece of that or the existing piece plus the value creation coming from the acquisitions.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. Great. And then I wanted to also talk a bit about the fourth quarter performance in Flavors overall. So, really broad-based improvement, I know the kind of two-year comparison is in line with where the trend has been. But if I recall, in the beginning of the year, you guys had talked about the potential, some significant new wins that could fall in the back half of the year and I think it was reformulation activity maybe around naturals or health and wellness-type stuff. So if you could just talk about whether or not any of that was in this quarter's numbers or if that's still something to look forward to in next year? Thanks.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So, what we have seen, Lauren, this is Andreas. We have seen an improved commercial performance, which resulted into new wins as well. So, that's actually on a very, very high level right now on the Flavors side. So, that has helped us as well. Another factor, which is partially organic from this year onwards, partially not organic, is the companies we acquired like Ottens Flavors and David Michael, they have a bit of a higher organic growth rate than our core business. And with all the, let's say, improvements we are taking, the profitability will be good as well. So, these are, let's say, two extra engines for our Flavors business here as well, which will yield us some results. And now, the acquisitions are becoming a bit more of a bigger piece of our whole business that will help us going forward.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Lauren, let me just add one thing. From a profitability standpoint, I think the other thing is a favorable mix. We started the year in the Flavors business with a weaker sales mix. We ended the year with a stronger sales mix. So, that's another factor that contributed to the fourth quarter performance.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's great. Okay. And then, just on Fragrances side of the business. So, can you talk a little bit about any kind of incremental investment that you have planned? I mean, obviously the Flavors, like you just described, the Flavors' momentum is great. But as you've been talking about in your 2020 Vision, your 2020 Plan, is there also some incremental investment built into the 2017 plan?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So, first of all, let's start with the fundamentals, which is always, let's say, research and development and new molecules. We are on an all-time high in terms of coming out with new patent-protected molecules, which is actually a great progress. It's actually double the rate we had before. So, I think that's important. The encapsulation is helping us as well. That's the reason why Fabric is growing so well. And then, in our Fragrance business now, we have Lucas Meyer for the whole skin care and active cosmetics, which has per se a higher growth rate as well. So, that's helping us actually pretty much. So, we did an investment on a newer extension of our Singapore plant for encapsulation. So, that was something for business, which will come over the couple of the next years. So, all in all, there's optimism as well. And if you look at the whole business, the Consumer Fragrance still grow very strong business; Ingredients, and you know we talked about this for many, many quarters, is finally back and it's turning positive. The problem for us, let's face it, was Fine Fragrances, and that we have to fix, but there is nothing, let's say, structural, I would say, it's blocking and tackling to get this back on track.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes, hi. Good morning. So, I just had a couple questions. First of all on the productivity program and just the margin bridge in general. So, you've talked about accelerating value realization of recent acquisitions. So, are those fixed synergies? I know, you talked about like David Michael and Ottens sort of both being in Philadelphia and sort of consolidating those operations. Is that part of the productivity program?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, out of the overall productivity program that we've announced, it combines both factors, right. It's looking at our existing structure, streamlining our organization, doing things more efficiently, standardizing it. And the other part is accelerating the benefits coming from the recent acquisitions. I'm not going to get in – we still have a lot of work to be done in terms of where the specifics come from, but there's a lot of logical opportunities that when you look across the footprint that we will take advantage of where it makes sense to do that. Both of the businesses provide tremendous opportunity, particularly in the local and regional customers, and we want to be able to continue to maximize that. But there's opportunities in some of the procurement and some other activities which we are able to leverage in while continuing to grow the business.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then – so your largest competitor, Givaudan, had talked about increasing high – investments and growth this year in particular and they talked about specifics sort of R&D labs and things like that. Do you feel like from a global point of view, you're well-placed or do you think you need to make more investments? And maybe as you answer that, if you could also just talk about like your cash flow guidance and what you expect for CapEx this year?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So, Faiza, I would say we are very well-placed in terms of innovation and because we put basically money behind the programs where we really think we can make a difference, as for example, modulation, encapsulation, even the active cosmetics because with some small acquisitions like Bio ForeXtra, we are really building a competitive advantage. And actually we have done quite a bit on CapEx investments in our facilities, not just in buildings, but in robotics for example, which help us actually to increase the output from our R&D labs quite significantly. So, if you're asking me whether we are well-positioned, I believe we are actually very well-positioned and we feel strong about the future.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. Faiza, I mean, from my perspective, I think two comments. One, I'd say, again, the intent of this program is to ensure that we're competitive and we drive improved results after a challenging 2016. I think as the benefits associated with these programs take hold in both 2017 and 2018, it gives us the flexibility to then selectively go back and reinvest and increase our investments in the highest opportunity and highest probability activities, and we'll look at that during the course of 2017 and 2018. And, as I said earlier, we'll manage that dynamic between bottom line and growth opportunities on a case by case basis. In regards to cash flows, CapEx, as I said, 2016 was about 4%. I see 2017, 2018 being the peaks of probably 5% of sales for those two years as we get to the last legs of some these investments, particularly in Greater Asia and then trending down towards, I will call it, a 3.5% level, which I considered a long-term level that's sufficient to support the business, but we'll start trending down off of that number.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. It's Silke Kueck for Jeff. How are you?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hi, Silke.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Doing good. Hi, Silke.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I'll start with your restructuring first, if that's okay. Of the $30 million to $35 million in cash costs, how much of that will you accrue in 2017 and how much will you actually pay out in 2017?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: It's about – I think it's about two-thirds of that is people-related costs. The other third of it is facility-related and integration-related activities and support activities. I think the bulk of those amounts will be paid out in 2017. There may be a small amount of carryover into 2018 more on the facility side, but I think the bulk of that will be paid out this year.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And in terms of run rate savings of $40 million to $45 million, where do you think you're going to get to in 2017? What's your target for 2018? If you – like it seems if you'd plan to pay most of the cash cost out in 2017, like I'm expecting it seems like that a lot will get done in year one and so can you get to like a run rate of, I don't know, $30 million in year one and ramp up pretty quickly? What are your internal targets?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. So, I mean, if you take the $40 million to $45 million, it's about 7%, right? So, we've said it's about 4 percentage points to 4.5 percentage points. The bulk of the remaining amount will come in 2018. There may be a small amount, again, mostly facility-related or footprint-related is the way I would call it. That's the better way to think about it. That may spill over into 2018. But the bulk of it – the vast majority of the remaining savings, we should see in 2018.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Then I have a question about your cost of goods sold. Like what percentage of your domestic raw materials do you actually have to import? Is it like 10%, 15%? Is it like 20%? Is that sort of like the ballpark order?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Off the top of my head, I'm going to have to get back to you. If you're trying to get to a question around the...
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Border tax.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: ...the border tax.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Right.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: You see. We're reading your mind.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: We've taken a look at it. And based on, I'm going to call it, the Congressional plan, and I would say that – when you look at both materials and services, it's basically a negligible event for IFF just based on our current estimates. Again, a lot depends upon where the legislation comes out. But if you look at the overall portfolio, it would be basically breakeven to slightly positive. I mean, slightly positive.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That as well. Yeah. So, let's see when finally there's like some wording around how this will all work out. But you think in terms of the amount of materials that you have to import in the U.S., it's a negligible amount?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No, I'm not saying that. Because, I mean, there's...
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, what's that percentage? Because nobody knows how the regulations will work.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I don't want to give you a percentage because I got to look back over the specifics to North America. I looked at the values of what we sell out – what we export. I looked at the values of what we import. And again, when you add all that up, plus our service fees around the world, it's a net to slightly favorable.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Then my last question that I have, maybe it's more like a comment, but that's really also a question. So, what are the – it's like the business model for IFF for many years has worked in a really nice way where if you had mid single-digit sales growth, you would have double-digit earnings growth. So, just like before any benefits from share repurchase and which was just like a testament, like nice high incremental margins. And so in 2016, total sales grew 3% and, I guess, your net income before share purchase grew 3%. And next year, you think your sales are going to grow all-in 5% to 6% and your earnings are growing 4% to 5% with share repurchase. So, are we going to go – is like the business model impaired in some way or do you think we're going to get back to a period where – when your sales grow 5%, your earnings grow double-digits? Or what needs to happen for things to get better?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: For me, Silke, the fundamentals of the business are still quite strong and we believe strongly in the fundamentals of the business. There's no doubt that 2016 was a challenging year. As you said, the fundamentals when we're growing mid single-digits between 4% and 6%, particularly when you go up on [higher-end range], the leverage in the business is tremendous. But when we're growing 2.5% – between 2% and 3% on an organic basis, the opposite happens. And so, I think when I look at 2016 and we have an incentive comp reset that we've highlighted. If you take that out and you say all else is equal, then there's pretty good – I consider very good profit growth, if we have a stable environment going forward. So, I think I feel confident that, as we said in the call earlier, both myself and Andreas, we feel confident that we can – our long-range targets are still achievable, particularly as we get traction and fully realize the benefits associated with the programs that we've discussed today.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I would say as one final remark, Silke, is the business model is still intact. The only thing what has changed is the volatility in the environment. And with the action we are taking, we are taking care of the volatility because we are creating flexibility for ourselves to deal with that in a best possible way. So, that's how I would describe it.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for your comments. I'll get back to the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thanks very much. Couple of questions, small picture and big picture. Small picture, on the Flavors side, how much of this pickup is related to either cross-selling new Ottens or David Michael capabilities or new customers associated with them cross- selling in that direction? And the big picture is, somebody already asked about border tax, what about the regulatory environment globally? I mean, that seems like such a no-brainer of a positive backdrop over the past five years and now with regulation seemingly in the crosshairs for food, the household products, everything, does that slow down what had been a key driver of your business? And have you had any communication with your customers about regulatory mandated reformulations and that sort of thing? Any sense on that? Thanks very much.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Well, Jonathan, I'm taking the broader, bigger question first. Indeed, we have seen a tightening of the regulatory environment across the globe. And I can tell you, the regulatory costs for the industry went up. I see it even in our own cost center here as well because we want to be best in class in regulatory because we believe it basically creates a competitive advantage. Let me explain. What we see in our industry is that some of the smaller companies have a hard time to catch up with the regulation and to invest as much as we do, which creates actually opportunities for us in the business and in the M&A space as well. So, I don't expect that the regulatory pressure will go down, probably not even in the U.S. despite the new President. We are actually prepared for a tough regulatory environment, and we believe it could create a competitive advantage for us as a company. So, that's number one. Number two, on the Flavors side, we have not seen too much cross-selling opportunities right now. It's too early. But this is exactly what we want. I'd give you just one idea here. We had just two weeks ago, the first sales meeting for the combined entity for the middle market, which is ex-David Michael's, ex-Ottens, the sales force, and they have their territories in place and they are now rolling. And now, we have basically a force for the big customers and a force for the smaller and mid-sized customers and I think you will see a lot of that because we can deliver now to the smaller customers, not just the service but we can deliver innovation as well and I believe that will create a great advantage for us.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: And your next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. I think we know many of the raw materials that are up: vanilla, citrus, acetone. Are there any raw materials that are down significantly? It's such a diverse set of raw materials that you bought is usually something going down when something is going up.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: You would think.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: One would hope.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah, right. Rich, you take it.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No. John, I mean, I think you've highlighted where the pressures are in citrus, in vanilla and some of the naturals. I think when I look at 2016 as an example, input costs were basically up slightly but very negligibly. So, it's more around what's going around those specific buckets that's what's driving the upward pressure. But there's nothing significant that's going the other way.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: And when the petrochemical raw materials, in particular, rise, usually we see the customers start to reformulate because their bulk ingredients like surfactants go up even more, and then you get to reprice on the reformulation. So, are we seeing any product reformulation acceleration and activity because of the rise in raws?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I don't know if I would characterize an acceleration. I mean, to me, it's a constant part of our business that it helps us manage our relationship with each of the customers where we help them and they help us deal with these pressures on both sides. And probably the one exception is vanilla where it's gone so much in such a relatively short period of time that those are where a lot of the customers are looking for other alternatives.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Hi. Good morning, guys. A couple of questions from my side, please. First on Flavors and the strong performance there. You mentioned it was very broad-based the growth rates there. I suppose that's a comment on the regional split. Can you just give us an idea what the split on the customer base, especially the MNCs versus the regionals were? And also you just noted that the Flavors division's performance was on improved commercial performance and new wins. Is that something you see continue in 2017, please? And the second question I've got is on the raw materials. Has the split between synthetic and natural raw materials changed in any way over the last few years and if you run rate the acquisitions that you've made recently as well? Thank you.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So, we're just getting ready for all the questions, Gunther, but let me get started. First of all, on the customer base, what we are seeing still kind of a 50:50 between globals and local and smaller customers. But it's a good question because with our exposure now in U.S., which is a big market or region to some of the smaller mid-sized customers that that might change over time because we see good growth rates here. On the commercial wins, we have seen a good and great performance, and we started well here as well. So, we see a continuation of what we have seen last quarter. I think that's really, really good as well. Raw materials, Rich, you take it.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, one additional comment on the Flavors growth, I mean, that as you said, wins are solid where we want them to be. Volume erosion, as I alluded to in my comments, was better than what it had been, and so it was stronger than the long-term average. So, volume erosion was better in Q4. That's obviously and clearly one of the most volatile components of our business. And so, that's one of the factors to keep in mind for Q4. In terms of raw materials, I think it's more on the – as we've talked about, it's more on the natural side, particularly on the Flavors business where we see more of the focus and more of the demand on that is on the Flavors side.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: What you well know, Gunther, is that we are putting a particular emphasis on modulation. And what is really working very well at the moment is the sweetness modulation. Certainly, it's a sweet spot literally because many of our customers try to reduce sugar, and we have seen actually an unprecedented flow of wins coming in for that technology.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: That's really helpful. Thanks. Maybe I can sneak one more in. Lucas Meyer Cosmetics, would you be able to give a growth rate for that business?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay. 10% for the full year.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Curt Siegmeyer from KeyBanc Capital.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Curt.
Curt A. Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Curt.
Curt A. Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just a clarification on the productivity program. So, it seems your guidance implies, let's call it, roughly $25 million to $28 million in savings in 2017. How should we think about that by quarter? And then how much of that is head count reductions in 2017 versus some of the other things, streamlining and integration savings?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. I think it will accelerate as we go through the year. I think the bulk of the benefits associated with the position-related asset savings and people-related costs are going to be Q2, Q3. There'll be a piece that – but I think the bulk of that will probably in those two periods. I think the footprint type of benefits are really going to take longer. That involves us figuring out where the right locations are and how do we best optimize the footprint. So that's the part that more drags into and has a bigger component that's going into 2018 versus 2017.
Curt A. Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then could you guys maybe give a little more color on your expectations for Fine Fragrances? As we move further into 2017 here, do you expect North America and Latin America sort of the headwinds that you're seeing there to improve, get worse, sort of remain stable at kind of low levels? And then any other color on EMEA as well?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay. Yeah. Sure. I mean, I think several comments to that question. One, I think we're still, as I mentioned on the third quarter call, I mean, the pressures that we're seeing that are related to Brazil, Latin America as well as the customers working out their portfolio, we still expect that to continue in the near term. Also, keep in mind that Q1 was a very strong quarter last year. So, from a comparable standpoint, it's going to be our most challenging quarter. I think for the full year, we expect, as Andreas commented earlier – I think for the full year, we expect it to be – I'm not going to call it a strong growth engine, but it's going to be positive as opposed to a significant tailwind in the past. So, I think it will improve – not tailwind, headwind. The improvement will come later in the year. Q1 will be challenging.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: We have good visibility in terms of the new wins, but you never know how the new wins play out in the marketplace. So, that's how we'll describe it.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. So, the pipeline and wins are – we feel very good about the pipeline and wins. It's the timing of when those things actually get launched by our customers that we still have to work through.
Curt A. Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Brett Hundley with Vertical Group.
Brett Hundley - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Hey. Good morning, gentlemen.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Brett Hundley - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Just wanted to stay with Fine Fragrances real quick. Certainly, given some recent commentary from some larger customers, it does sound like some existing challenges maybe remain in place, especially for the early parts of 2017. You just talked about visibility of new wins. But I'm also curious about any visibility related to existing business picking up potentially as we move into the back half of 2017 and into 2018.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Again, I think what I can tell you is, from my perspective, we have to wait a bit – I mean, the customers – the two big customers have to work out the inventories and make those decisions, so we're on hold. We know that they've been bringing down inventories and that's been a significant drag in terms of volume erosion. I think we feel Latin America is getting a bit better, but I'm not going to consider it a huge opportunity. So, I think we're expecting improvement, as you said, as we get to the latter part of this year.
Brett Hundley - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. And then just one other for me, if I may. You guys have started to pick up M&A in recent years. You've been able to do so. Is there anything on the horizon as we've moved into 2017 here that makes it any harder for you to add to your portfolio the M&A? Thank you.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No. Actually, as you well know, the cost of M&A went up over the last couple of years, and it's getting a little harder to find good assets. What I have to say is the assets we have added in the last two years, we are very, very pleased with what we found in terms of the quality of the assets and what they do for us after we have integrated. So that's good. So that makes me optimistic actually looking forward that we may find some other assets here to add as well. We are constantly looking, but I can't be more specific on that one.
Brett Hundley - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Operator: That is the last question. We will now turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Very good. And thank you very much for participation and the good questions. I would like to remind you that we have next week the CAGNY Conference on Thursday, it's a big IFF day, and you should not miss it.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.
Analysts: Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd. Heidi Vesterinen - Exane BNP Paribas
Operator: Now, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Vice President, Global Corporate Communications & Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's third quarter 2016 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our website at ir.IFF.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to the outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2016. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on March 1, 2016 and our press release that we filed yesterday. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Rich O'Leary. We will start with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have. With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Michael. As usually, we would like to start with an executive overview of our third quarter and year-to-date performance. Then, I will provide an update on the progress we are making in terms of our long-term Vision 2020 strategy. Once finished, Rich will review our financial results in greater detail, including specifics on each business unit as well as our cash flow statement and outlook for the remainder of the year. And I will provide some concluding remarks and we will be finished by taking any questions that you may have. In the third quarter, currency neutral sales grew 3%, lead by an improved performance in Flavors. Thus, approximately 1 percentage point related to the acquisition of IFF | Lucas Meyer Cosmetics. Our top line performance continued to be driven by new wins across both business units, along with increased volumes in Fragrance ingredients. From a currency neutral operating profit perspective, we expected quarter's three performance to be muted, given the timing of planned investments. Yet, results came in softer than expected. This is largely attributed to lower than expected gross margin performance. Rich will provide more details in a moment. As a result, currency neutral adjusted EPS in quarter three was challenged. Despite the benefits from lower year-over-year shares outstanding due to our share repurchase program and a more favorable effective tax rate. On year-to-date basis, currency neutral sales growth for the first nine months of 2016 improved 4%, with 4% growth in Flavors and 5% growth in Fragrances. Currency neutral adjusted operating profit grew 3%, driven by sales growth, benefits of our productivity initiatives and the contribution from acquisitions. It should be noted that this is inclusive of approximately 3 percentage points of planned strategic investments, as well as litigation and compliance-related cost made over the course of 2016. A proportion of this investment is intended to help drive improved productivity and greater P&L leverage in the future. This, combined with lower shares outstanding and a more favorable effective tax rate, had had a positive effect on our currency-natural adjusted EPS, which increased 5% in the first nine months of 2016. Reviewing our progress against our Vision 2020, we continue to achieve strong results in the key areas that we've identified as strategic priorities for us: encapsulation, modulation, North America, Africa and the Middle East, to name a few. From innovating first perspective in flavors, sales of our sweetness and savory modulation portfolio continued its trend of strong double-digit growth, currency neutral growth across all categories. In Fragrances, encapsulation-related sales of Personal Wash & Home Care improved strong double digits in a currency neutral basis, demonstrating that our technology is starting to gain traction in areas outside of Fabric Care. In the third quarter, we also launched four new flavor molecules in the key tonalities of citrus, onion and garlic to help our flavors continue to build consumer preferred products that perform in the marketplace. In Fragrances, building on our legacy of pioneering first, one of our Vision 2020 goals is to launch more new captive molecules to give our perfumers a competitive edge when creating the next great fragrance. Tracking this initiative, we have recently commercialized a new captive fragrance ingredient called Saffiano (6:14) to further drive differentiation. This particular fragrance ingredient is a strong rich natural leather with powdery soft sweet quality, providing a unique modern twist and is very additive to many fragrance creations. It enhances strength and increases both facets and fragrance accords by providing a very clean natural effect. The combination of the two molecules we have released so far this year, plus the two we expect to commercialize in the fourth quarter, puts us on track to double our annual fragrance molecule output average from two per year to four per year. In addition to this expansion, we have also adjusted our commercial fragrance ingredient strategy to release these types of captive molecules to the external market sooner to accelerate value creation. In the areas where we are targeting a market leadership position, our growth has accelerated. Our strong growth momentum in the Middle East and Africa continued in the third quarter, as currency neutral sales improved strong double-digit, with both businesses achieving very strong growth. In North America Fragrance, we saw 6% increase for the third quarter, driven primarily by strong double-digit growth in Fabric Care. This was led by our encapsulation platform as we continue to leverage this technology to gain market share. Another strategic area for us is Home Care, where lower single digits on a currency neutral base, led by double-digit growth in Greater Asia. We also continued to position ourselves to be our customers' partner of choice and go to supplier. Our ongoing commitment to provide our customers with in-depth local consumer understanding, superior innovation, outstanding service and the highest quality of product allowed us to continue to capture the growth of both local and faster-growing regional accounts, with regionals outpacing global accounts. This should strengthen as our acquisition of Ottens Flavors and, more recently, David Michael and Fragrance Resources, the one we announced our intention to purchase last week, are all very strong from their regional customer bases. We are also collaborating with Delos and Mayo Clinic to be a part of their Well Living Lab, which is a new research facility dedicated to understanding the interaction between health and well-being in indoor environments through human-centered research. This world-class Living Lab leverages and expands upon the principles of the WELL Building Standard, which focuses on seven concepts relevant to indoor health: air, water, nourishment, light, fitness, comfort and mind. We are excited about the opportunity to leverage our expertise in scent to help improve the lives of individuals. In the third quarter, we also became the first flavor and fragrance company to join the World Economic Forum. As pioneers of the senses for more than 127 years, we embrace this unique opportunity to exchange ideas with other leading organizations who are interested in making positive lasting changes in society. This collaboration with the Forum aligns with IFF Vision 2020 strategy, which underscores how we are as a company, and businesses in general can innovate in the area of artistry, science, technology and sustainability to produce positive results for both business and society. I'm also proud to be elected to the World Business Council for Sustainable Development Executive Committee. The WBCSD is a CEO-led organization of forward-thinking companies that galvanizes the global business community to create a sustainable future for business, society and the environment. I'm extremely excited to represent IFF and about our journey as an organization to help leave the world a better place for generations to come. We continued our trend of strengthening and expanding our portfolio by accelerating our efforts in M&A with the addition of approximately $160 million in expected annualized sales from the acquisition of David Michael and Fragrance Resources, both of which complement our strategic vision well. I will speak in more detail about each of these acquisitions in a moment. I'm happy to report that IFF | Lucas Meyer Cosmetics continues to perform well, achieving double-digit growth on a standalone basis. We believe their performance is a good indication that we are putting our capital towards long-term value-creating opportunities. Turning to our more recent acquisition announcements, David Michael is a privately held flavors company headquartered in Philadelphia. The company is well known in the industry for its vanilla expertise, strength in Dairy and Beverage categories, and the relationships with dynamic faster-growing middle market customers. David Michael complements our Ottens Flavors acquisitions from last year by strengthening our ability to serve the faster-growing mid-market customers in North America and solidifies our strong number one position in Flavors North America, a strategic priority for us. The deal, which closed on October 7, is expected to add approximately $85 million of sales in 2017 and expected to be EPS accretive in year one and economic profit breakeven between years three and year five. This bolt-on acquisition is another important milestone in IFF's Vision 2020, helping us win where we compete in the world's largest flavor market as we look to further accelerate growth. Late last week, we also entered into an agreement to acquire Fragrance Resources, a privately held family owned fragrance company, who for nearly 30 years, has distinguished itself by exceptional creative talent and quality service to faster-growing regional customers. This highly complementary bolt-on acquisition further will increase our penetration in Specialty Fragrances, a faster growing sub-category within Fine Fragrances, and is expected to strengthen our market share position with the regional customer base within the key markets of North America and Germany. Fragrance Resources is expected to add about $75 million of sales in 2017, and is also be EPS accretive in year one, and economic profit breakeven between year three and year five. Right now, we expect an early 2017 close. And we look forward to welcoming Fragrance Resources to IFF. The combination of both acquisitions is expected to contribute approximately 4.5 percentage points to our currency neutral sales growth in 2017. This, plus expected cost synergy benefits, will lead to greater financial performance in the years to come. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Rich.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Andreas, and good morning, good afternoon to everyone on the call. Building on Andreas' commentary, sales growth on a currency neutral basis for Q3 came in as expected, growing 3%, with 3% growth in Flavors and 2% growth in Fragrances. On a consolidated basis, our top-line growth benefited from approximately 1 percentage point related to the contribution of our Lucas Meyer Cosmetics acquisition. On an organic basis, we grew 2% on a currency neutral basis, driven by new wins across both businesses. I want to provide you with greater insight with respect to our performance, including foreign exchange-related pricing for Q3. As a reminder, our industry indexes the majority of its pricing in emerging markets to movements in foreign exchange rates. For example, in Brazil, while actual invoicing is done in Brazilian real, the invoice amount is indexed back to hard currencies such as the euro or the U.S. dollar. On a predetermined basis, prices are adjusted up or down to reflect the underlying movements of currency and the product profile. When reporting, we exclude the indexation effect on local currency invoicing from our currency neutral sales growth calculation. This is different from our competition. In Q3, adjusting our currency neutral sales growth calculation to a basis similar to how our competition reports, our currently neutral sale growth would have increased to approximately 3% organically and 4% inclusive of the acquisition of IFF | Lucas Meyer Cosmetics. On a two-year basis, to factor in the year-ago performance, organic-currency neutral sales would have increased to an average of 4.5%, which is ahead of our largest competitor by approximately 150 basis points. From a profitability perspective, currency neutral adjusted operating profit was down 4% year-over-year, principally due to year-over-year decline in gross margin, and I'll walk you through that in greater detail in a moment. We benefited from the lower year-over-year shares outstanding and a more favorable tax rate that helped offset the impact of our operating performance on a currency adjusted EPS basis. Looking at our Q3 currency neutral operating profit results, I want to provide more clarity on our performance drivers year-over-year. In the second bar, you'll see the contribution of our cost and productivity initiatives. Due to likes of formula optimization, indirect procurement savings, and manufacturing efficiencies in both compounds businesses, we delivered approximately 6 percentage point benefit, year-over-year to overall profitability. In the third bar, you can see that growth added approximately 5% to profitability. From a headwind perspective, there are several items that I need to elaborate on. In the fourth bar, RSA expenses represented approximately a 5 percentage point drag on operating profit. It should be noted that this includes approximately 3 percentage points related to planned investments that we mentioned earlier in the year, and another 1 percentage point in compliance and litigation-related costs. The strategic investments, while they challenge profitability in the short-term, are expected to yield P&L leverage in the years to come. The greatest gap to our previous guidance came in the form of weaker sales mix. Beverages, our highest margin category in Flavors, had limited growth in the quarter. While Savory, a less profitable category, performed very well, growing high single digits. On the Fragrance side, we experienced a similar dynamic, with Fine Fragrances, a strong margin category, declining year-over-year, while we experienced growth for the first time in approximately two years in our Fragrance Ingredients business, which is a less profitable category. Net-net, this led to an unfavorable sales mix, which represented a 3% drag to operating profit. In addition, we were also pressured by year-over-year manufacturing performance, principally related to manufacturing yields in our Fragrance Ingredient manufacturing network. Rounding out our performance, price and input costs and other miscellaneous items, including the year-over change in incentive compensation, were the remaining headwinds. Turning to our business unit performance for the third quarter, Flavors currency neutral sales increased 3%, driven by mid-single-digit growth in Savory, Dairy and Sweet. From a regional perspective, growth was led by high single-digit increases in Latin America and mid-single digit growth in Greater Asia and Europe, Africa and the Middle East. North American results were challenged, reflecting low single-digit growth in Savory and Sweet that was offset by softness in Beverage. Europe, Africa and Middle East increased 5% on a currency neutral basis, as growth was led by new win performance, particularly in Savory and Sweet. Africa and the Middle East continue this impressive growth trend, improving strong double digits in the current third quarter. Greater Asia posted 5% currency neutral growth, led by strong growth in India, Asia, Indonesia and China, which returned to growth after several quarters of decline, partly due to the manufacturing odor issues that we saw in early 2015. We're happy to see that the business is stabilizing and returning to growth as the odor issue is behind us. On a category basis, within Greater Asia, we achieved double-digit growth in both Beverage and Dairy. Growth in Latin America rebounded, improving 7% on a currency neutral basis, led by strong double-digit growth in both Brazil and Mexico. Flavors currency neutral segment profit was challenged, as volume growth and the benefits from productivity initiatives were offset by weaker mix, unstable price to input costs and increases in RSA. Fragrances currency neutral sales improved 2%, including approximately 1 percentage point associated with the acquisition of IFF | Lucas Meyer Cosmetics. Growth was led by high single-digit growth in Ingredients and low single-digit growth in Consumer Fragrances. From a category perspective, Fine Fragrances was challenged; on a currency neutral basis, as strong double-digit growth in Greater Asia and low single-digit growth in North America was more than offset by softness in Latin America and Western Europe. It should be noted that we believe that a part of our softness in Finer Fragrances can be attributed to a large fine fragrance customer, who is going through a portfolio transition via a divestiture. Consumer Fragrances grew 1% on a currency neutral basis, led by mid-single-digit growth in Fabric Care and Personal Wash. On a geographic basis in Consumer Fragrances, growth was led by a high single-digit increase in Greater Asia, and mid-single-digit growth in North America. Fragrance Ingredients sales were up 8% on a currency neutral basis, driven by low single-digit growth on an organic basis, and the contribution of sales related to IFF | Lucas Meyer Cosmetics. From a profit perspective, Fragrances currency neutral sales profit declined, as volume growth and the benefits of cost and productivity were offset by weaker mix, unfavorable price and input costs, manufacturing performances and increases in RSA. From a cash flow perspective, operating cash flow improved 12% versus the same period in 2015. Our operating cash flow was 14% of sales, up from 12.8% in the first nine months of 2015. This change was driven by our core working capital levels improving versus year ago period, principally driven by improvements in accounts receivable. In terms of capital deployment, capital expenditures through the first nine months totaled $70 million, and we're on track to spend approximately 5% of sales in 2016. As previously noted, this increase were be principally driven by capacity projects in Greater Asia and investments in technology expansions. Switching gears to cash returned to shareholders, during the first nine months of 2016, we spent approximately $134 million on dividends and $94 million in share repurchases. This puts us on target to deliver on our commitment to return 50% to 60% of adjusted net income to our shareholders. As we finish up 2016, we expect business trends to improve sequentially in the fourth quarter. We expect stronger currency neutral top line growth in Q4 versus Q3, driven by improvements in both Flavors and Fragrances and the benefits of our acquisitions of David Michael. For modeling purposes, we have assumed that David Michael will add about 200 basis points to currency neutral sales growth in Q4, while providing limited benefits on an operating profit basis, given the increase in purchase price accounting impacts. From a currency neutral operating profit basis, growth is expected to strengthen in the fourth quarter. And while we do expect pressure on gross margins to continue given the sales mix dynamics we've discussed earlier, we believe that improvement in volume trends and the benefits associated with cost and productivity initiatives will drive operating profit growth year-over-year as we compare to our largest year-over-year quarterly reset in incentive comp during the fourth quarter last year. The combination of this currency neutral operating profit performance, plus lower shares outstanding and some benefits in our effective tax rate, is expected to lead growth in currency neutral EPS also. Upon entering 2016, we expected challenging conditions, given the high level of economic uncertainty and a more cautious volume outlook of consumer packaged goods companies. As evident in today's marketplace, this is indeed the case, as volume consumption remains challenged across many end market categories and economic volatility and visibility in key markets around the world remains challenging. We acknowledge that we are slightly lowering the previous guidance we provided earlier this year. Nevertheless, the viability of our business remains strong and we expect to deliver growth across all of our key financial metrics on a currency neutral basis. For the full-year, we see currency neutral sales improving 4% to 5% versus 2015, with broad-based contributions from organic and inorganic business. Currency neutral operating profit is expected to grow 3.5% to 4.5%, in large part due to the benefits of cost and productivity improvements, increased volumes and the benefits of acquisitions. It should be noted inclusive in our guidance is approximately 3 percentage points of litigation and compliance-related costs, as well as planned strategic investments made over the course of 2016. As I mentioned earlier, these investments are intended to help drive improved productivity and greater P&L leverage in the years to come. From a currency neutral adjusted EPS perspective, we expect a modestly lower effective tax rate and the continuation of a share repurchase program to lead to 5% to 6% improvement on an EPS basis. In terms of foreign exchange, we have tweaked the impact of currency on our guidance, as it is slightly more favorable. On a sales basis, we expect currency to impact results by approximately 1.5 percentage points. And for adjusted operating profit and EPS, we expect a 2 percentage point impact. With that, I'd like to now turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you, Rich. In summary, despite the challenging global operating environment, our year to-date results are solid, with 4% growth in Flavors and 5% growth in Fragrances. Progressing in quarter four, we expect business trends to improve sequentially versus quarter three, as all of our key financial metrics return to growth on a currency neutral basis. Longer-term, we continue to be focused on the execution of Vision 2020, which is geared towards accelerating our growth, increasing differentiation and driving cost efficiency, which, in turn, should lead to sustainable profitable growth. Our R&D pipeline is the strongest it has been. We are winning in key markets' categories that we have identified as strategic and we are executing our M&A agenda, all of which will lead to greater value creation for our shareholders. With that, I would now like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, thanks. Morning, everybody. So, Rich, productivity outpaced reinvestment in the quarter I think a little bit more favorable, too, than expectations going in at the beginning of the year. So I guess I'm curious your thoughts from here about anticipated productivity initiatives and reinvestment. As I recall in June last year, you had talked about anticipation of reinvestment being net neutral versus productivity initiatives, and now it's obviously more favorable. So, I guess how should we think about that dynamic in the fourth quarter, but also into 2017 and beyond and sort of what level of productivity initiatives are now required to grow EBIT in line with those long-term targets?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Mark. More clearly, as I talked about last year in the current situation, productivity gains are clearly a key component of our financial algorithm. When we do better, we have more ability to reinvest. When we don't, we've got to adjust our spending and control our costs. The combination of volume growth and productivity gains are really what drive the foundation of our P&L leverage, and we've got to manage all three of those dynamics, volume growth, productivity and how much we reinvest and invest in the business. In the current environment, as you've seen, it's challenged. Growth is below our historical trends and below our long-term financial long-term guidance. And, as a result, we've had to adjust how we allocate those resources.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Okay. And just related to that last point, so and I'll preface it by saying macros have clearly become a bit worse probably than anticipated last June, but I am curious how you think about the company's ability to achieve the revised long-term targets that you set out for sales, EBITDA and EPS last June, given since then, I don't think the numbers have really hit those targets, certainly not on an average basis. So, are those metrics still reasonable or considering the market conditions, do they need to be reassessed, particularly sales growth, given its important to driving the other two?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Maybe, Mark, it's Andreas. I'll take it. We believe it's reasonable on a long term. I believe what's important for us always that we can't manage our business quarter-to-quarter because it's a long-term business here as well. And what we are doing actually to make sure that that we hit our long-term targets is, first of all, we believe that we are capable to produce solid top-line results, given our focus on innovation. Our pipeline, as I said, is actually very strong. It was never as strong as it is right now. Emerging markets, we had a dip in the last, let's say, 18 months. We believe that the emerging markets will eventually come back. Also, the currency situation here was challenging for us, and we're diversifying our portfolio as well. In terms of the mix, I believe we have to focus right now on the mix improvement, which we have done in the past. The fixed cost leverage will help as with the productivity initiatives. And here, I think what's important, and maybe Rich can talk about it, some initiatives are the initiatives we're doing always on manufacturing, but with ZBB, we have now, let's say, a new lever, which we are pulling, but, Rich, you might comment on that one.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure. Thanks, Andreas. Yeah. I mean, for me, as Andreas mentioned earlier, we've got to look at both the short-term profitability, but also make sure we protect the long-term growth prospects and strategy of the business. And, look, clearly, we're under-delivering in 2016 versus our long-term targets. We're not going to be able to make that up overnight. And we're still in the early stages or still in the stages of planning for next year. But I think as Andreas talked about, focusing on innovation, those are things that drive expansion of our gross margins, as with the productivity gains. ZBB, that's part of the strategic investments we made during this year. We are starting to embed that in the organization and we'll start to get benefits. We've seen some of the benefits this year, but I think it will continue to ramp up next year into the future. And I think we've got to look at everything we do and look at our business model on a broad basis. How do we operate and how do we leverage our capabilities across the business. How do we continue to drive process efficiency, at a functional level. And all those things will enable us to manage our cost structure and provide the balance between profitability and our ability to reinvest and grow the business on a long-term basis.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: And if I might add, one of our pillars in the strategy is actually our M&A ambition. And if we assume for a moment that we close on the Fragrance Resources, we have done actually four deals in the last 15 months, which will roughly add just right now without the growth in the future, $264 million in sales. And they're actually quality assets, which will help us in terms of mix and in terms of diversifying our customer base as well. So that's something, plus the synergies which might come out of these acquisitions, which will help us to achieve our goals. I think all of that taken together, we believe that we can make that.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning, Lauren.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Morning, Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great thanks. I want to focus first on the North America Flavors; that business came in a bit lighter than I had expected. And I remember there being some business that was expected to be commercialized in the second half, a big win. So just wondering if that happened, if there was another delay or what the situation is there? Thanks.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No. I would say it's just a challenging environment in North America for us at the moment. No, I think that's what I would comment. And that makes it even more important for us that with the two acquisitions, David Michael and Ottens, that we bring it together as our platform for the mid-market, because that's where we see the growth. And that's our main objective right now to become the leader for the mid-market and the smaller customers. And I think when that's happening, you will see growth as well, because now with these two companies in our portfolio, we have enough critical mass to move a big market like North America for us.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah, Lauren, from a category standpoint, I'd say Beverage was down. And on the other side, Savory and Sweet were up slightly, but not enough to offset the weakness that we saw in Beverage.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. And then, also, it just looked like the comments in the release and in the earnings bridge on the difference between input costs and pricing, and then I think in the Q, you talked about a fairly benign input cost environment. So could you just help me understand, triangulate those two?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah, sure. I mean, it's a combination of factors, Lauren. I think we saw price input pressures in both businesses. On the Flavor side, it's really driven by the price increases on naturals, and the inventory levels that we have, where we're experiencing the impacts of those very, very quickly. Vanilla is certainly one of the key aspects that we're seeing that pressure. As Andreas talked about, I mean, the acquisition of David Michael will help us on that aspect. On the Fragrance side, it's really a of couple things. One, from a pricing standpoint, it's been more about pricing pressure from a customer standpoint. And then, the second piece is really related to our Ingredients business, being aware we've wanted to address the declines in that business. And we've gone and looked at our go-to-market strategy. And we want to protect our market share more aggressively. And so we've had to adjust pricing accordingly. On the compound side, it's more about pricing pressure from the customers and what's necessary to defend the business that we have today.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So, then look forward into next year, and that would suggest we're in a sort of more price-constrained marketplace than maybe we would have expected 6, 9, 12, 24 months ago. Is that reasonable?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah, Lauren, I don't want to go into too much detail. I mean, we'll have more clarity in February, but I would say that what we're seeing today and what we expect today, that input costs will be up next year; not huge amounts, like we've seen in the past, but it's going to be up. And that's principally going to be driven by naturals in both businesses, as well as some of the downstream effects of oil-related derivatives as we've gone from $30, $40 a barrel up to $50 a barrel.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. Okay. But at the same time, your ability to price to recover some of that is more constrained?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, certainly on the Fragrance side, yes.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then, would the thought be to accelerate productivity to try to make up that gap, because it definitely sounds like the Fragrance business, where there's a little bit less ability to recover costs, and the naturals exposure?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah, I think, as I mentioned earlier on Mark's question, we're going to have to look at productivity and what we can do from a productivity standpoint at the manufacturing level. We're going to have to look at what we can do to simplify and streamline the organization and the overhead levels. And we're going to look towards, as I mentioned earlier, benefits associated with embedding ZBB-type principles across the organization. And all three of those things are going to enable us to, as I said earlier, manage the dynamic between profitability growth, our expectations and our ability to invest in the business long term.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question come from Mike Sison from KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, guys, and...
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hey, Mike.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Good morning.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Congrats on the new role there, Rich.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thanks.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So, when I take a look at the third quarter currency sales growth outlook relative to what you said in the second quarter, it's actually up. So it's a little bit better. And then you've talked about some of the headwinds you faced. And your currency neutral operating profit growth is lower than you said in the second quarter. How long do you think it will take to sort of flush through some of these issues? And I would imagine you think that the leverage on operating profit growth should be better than sales growth rate, right?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah, as I said in my remarks earlier, for Q4, operating profit leverage, in Q4, will be better than top line. I think that that's despite the incentive comp reset that I mentioned earlier. I think short, medium term, we still expect to see pressures on sales mix. Fine Fragrances is still going to be pressured, and I think, you think about early next year, Q1 was the strongest quarter we had for Fine, and so, I think it's going to be very challenging as we start next year. So, as we look into next year, we're planning and we're acting on a conservative basis, and I don't think that we're sitting here saying that there is going to be a robust environment or robust recovery next year.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Right. Right. Okay. And then, when I think about acquisitions, you mentioned you're going to add about $150 million in sales growth for next year, it's about 5%. Does that or should that lever to a similar amount of EPS growth next year?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: It's probably a bit early – that's Andreas taking it, because we will, let's say, integrate these companies fully next year. So, David Michael, we have closed the deal early October. So, we need some time to make sure that we integrate it well into our platform here. It's actually turning then organic in the fourth quarter next year. And the other deal with Fragrance Resources, we will hopefully close early 2017, so it will take some time, I expect let's say, to integrate it very well into our network as well. So, it will help us quite significantly on the top-line growth, as you just outlined, but Rich might comment on the cost side.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. So, Mike, from a profitability standpoint, EPS, I think as you saw in our commentary, we expect it to be EPS accretive, but it's not going to be anywhere near that impact from a profit standpoint, because we're going to have this step-up in basis. And so, as we saw with Lucas Meyer, as we saw with Ottens, particularly early on, it's not going to have much of an impact at all on operating profit, depending upon what comes out of the valuation work. On a cash basis, sort of an EBITDA basis, it certainly will be more positive. And then over time, as Andreas alluded to, as we're able to integrate the two acquisitions and drive the business rationale and the synergies, we'll be able to start to get more and more of an impact on an operating profit basis.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: And as we always said that, we started last year was our first two acquisitions, we haven't done too many over the last 15 years, but now I think we're getting a little bit more skilled, also integrating these assets into our network and as fast as we can do it, as fast as we can produce results here. So, we are actually pretty well on track with that and I'm very satisfied with our focus we are making on the M&A front here, because that gives us another, let's say, critical mass we can basically play with.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Could you actually elaborate a little bit more on the Fragrance Ingredients strength? It was up double-digit in most areas. And a little bit more detail on the North American Beverage weakness, what's behind that?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I'll get started.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah, you'll get started.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So, John, first of all, good morning, it's Andreas. On the Fragrance Ingredients, it's quite a remarkable turnaround we are seeing here. And it's basically led to a couple of factors. Let's start with the not so exciting one, it's technically, because we are cycling through with one of our big customers we lost before, so the comparison is a bit better for us, but also the strategy is revamped now. And Nicolas and his team have done a great job to look into the business and to our customers, made a good, let's say, approach in terms of target the right customers and started also selling of our more captive molecules earlier, which is actually bringing us a greater value equation already upfront. We have waited probably too long in the past. And these two, let's say, two measure has really helped us to revamp the Ingredients business after two years of really not so good performance. We are pretty happy with what we're seeing here. Does that answer your question, John?
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Yeah. And then, North America Beverage?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: North American Beverage...
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I think some of it is, as we talked about, alluded to earlier, I mean, I think the win performance in both businesses is pretty good, but particularly on the Flavors side, the lifecycle of those wins has been shorter than what we've seen in the past, so the erosion impact is principally what's driving down or pressuring the performance year-over-year.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then, Rich, I think you said compliance and litigation costs reduced margins by 100 bps versus a year ago. Could you provide some additional details on that?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, the drivers really are two things. One, you saw in the Q that we have a case going on and we're actively pursuing that and vigorously defending that, but that costs money. And as we prepare for trial, potential trial, early next year, we're getting prepared around. That's a piece of it. The bigger piece of that is really related to the REACH requirements in the fragrance business and it goes through a cycle where there is another – the next cycle is in 2018. And so we have to prepare for the registrations now, when we incur cost this year, we incur it again next year. And then the following year, potentially we get a little bit of money back from other companies that use our products. But it's really the registration and compliance costs associated with our materials that we operate within the European environment.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Hi. Good morning. So, I just wanted to again go back to North American Flavors. So, Ottens was in the base this quarter. Can you talk about how that business performs, because I think the worry is that it's run separately, but do you think you're experiencing any dis-synergies as Ottens becomes part of a larger company and some of your customers are more used to doing business with a company that's more agile and quick to deliver a solution?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: We're actually not, because we keep that platform quite separate in terms of how they act. The only thing we are doing is that we are delivering our technologies to make sure that they can use these more high-tech solutions as well. So dis-synergies, we don't see actually. So now the next thing is actually to combine it with David Michael's because that's important. The good thing is that both companies are in Philadelphia, which makes it much easier than if they would have been in different cities. So no, we don't see dis-synergies and that would be my comment on that.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. So, Faiza, I think as I mentioned earlier, I think one market, I think, is pressured and certainly, certain key clients. The lifecycle on the wins was another factor. I think we expect to see improvement in a strong rebound in Q4. So, I think it's more short-term than we think anything long-term or structural.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, Rich, could you just expand on the manufacturing cost? I think you said that was on the Fragrance Ingredients business. Was there something specific that happened this quarter and it's not expected to continue next quarter or just a little more detail around that?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure. No problem. I think it is primarily manufacturing yields in the Ingredients business that I alluded to earlier. Q3 last year was a very strong result, so I would say above average productivity. Our planning was to expect this to be more or less more in line with historical trends, so on average. And we came in below that in the quarter. So, the year-over-year impact is bigger than the absolute impact. I don't think it's structural. I think there is a lot going on in the Fragrance and Ingredient business, in terms of the runs and the product mix, which we're working through and working to optimize, but I don't think it's a long-term challenge. I think it's certainly the big impact was a function of year-over-year performance going two different directions.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning, it's Silke Kueck for Jeff. How are you?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hey, Jeff – Silke, sorry.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Silke, good morning.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. What's the EBITDA that you expect from the acquisitions next year? So typically, EBITDA level is something like 50%. So, do you think the business can contribute, I don't know, $80 million EBITDA next year or it will be something lower than that?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No, 50% – Silke, let's come back on that one offline. But, I mean, I think if you look at kind of the amortization levels that are in the Q, that we provide visibility in the Q and in the press release, I would expect similar levels. I mean, obviously, we have to go through the details.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Over the next several quarters, but that I think that overall profitability is the two businesses are pretty close to our existing businesses. And I think the existing amortization levels for Ottens and Lucas Meyer is a close enough proxy to use to try to estimate what the EBITDA levels are.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I apologize, I didn't mean to imply that EBITDA was up 50%. So EBITDA was somewhere like in the mid-20%s and so, I apologize. I miscalculated something, but do you think like a mid-20% EBITDA level is something that's reasonable?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. Certainly, not short term, but long term, I think it should be. Again, it's our core business and there is no reason why it shouldn't be similar to what our existing business is.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: It takes some time, okay. In terms of the strategic investments you are making, do you expect to make similar investments in 2017 and is there any quantifiable benefit that you can sort of like indicate? Like is this something where you see a benefit over like a two-year period or a three-year period, like what do you get from it?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So I talked about the REACH expenses, which is more on the compliance end.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: From a strategic investment standpoint, some of that work was related to embedding in the ZBB principles. And, as I mentioned earlier, we'll expect to begin to get those benefits next year. And I would expect those things to continue to build over the medium and long term. I'm not ready to say today exactly what those are, but we're going to get benefits related to that. Another key part of the strategic investments is more the overall profitability of the business and leverage not only at the operating profit line but at the EPS line.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And is there like a level of investment you expect for the next year, that's quantifiable?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I think that, year-over-year, the level of investment will likely go down a little bit next year versus this year. It's part of the dynamic that I mentioned earlier of managing strategic investments versus growth versus reinvestment in the business. And we've got to work with the entire management team in working that balance. And so part of that will be moving those three levers, but I do expect some of those costs to come down year-over-year.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, my last question is in terms of your business in Europe, is the business, in general terms, is it the same, is it slowing, is it growing? Do you have any views on whether you're affect by the exit of the UK? What are business conditions like in Europe?
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I probably can take it. I would say, first of all, it depends on the category or on the business. We see still growth in Flavors, but in all parts of the region, there's Europe, Africa, Middle East, and that's one thing. We suddenly see stronger growth in Africa, Middle East here than we see in Western Europe. So, it's not great growth trends we are seeing. In general, also on our Fragrance business, it's slower than what we see in other regions of the world.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Certainly for Fine.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Certainly for Fine Fragrance. So, I think it's a tough environment for us. The Brexit, I would say, there's no impact for us right now, despite the currency impact. We are all having it at the moment. And it all depends how finally the deal is negotiated with the UK and the rest of Europe. But right now, I think it's a pretty limited impact we are seeing.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: And then, I think the other thing on consumer is, we mentioned early about one of our large customers, and so, I think that's in the short and medium term, that's something that we have to work through.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Is that something that you will anniversary at a point in time because the divestiture happened a while ago?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I'm not sure I...
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I'm not sure I...
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I'm assuming that you're referring to like the fragrance divestiture by one of your larger customers to Coty or I'm imagining that's what it is, but that happened like some time ago. And so I was wondering whether you sort of like anniversary like the headwind from that?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: My comment around the large customer was more on a consumer side.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: On the consumer side.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: So, I think, Fine, we talked about the issues with the customer, but I think we are seeing buying pressure and erosion in one of our big consumer Fragrance customers that we have to work through. And that's not going to be lapped yet.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: How many more quarters are there to go?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: It's a least a couple more quarters.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So it's just begun then, okay. That's helpful. Thanks very much for the detail, appreciate it.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Okay, Silke.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning. Thanks. I wanted to dig in a little bit on the gross margin piece of this, especially the two-year progression. Am I right, Rich, that Fine Fragrance is a significantly higher gross margin than the rest of the business? Is there any way you could kind of quantify for us on a basis-point basis, just give us an indication like how much of the two-year slowdown here, which has been, on a two-year basis, pretty dramatic from the second quarter to the third quarter. Was that Fine Fragrance shortfall and just you're making a lot of money before and maybe how much is other things like currency or the contribution from Lucas Meyer and Ottens? Thanks very much.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Sure, no problem. I think, as I said earlier, I mean, Fine is our most profitable category on the fragrance side. Beverage is the most profitable category on the flavor side. And both of those were pressured in Q3. I'm not going to provide details in terms of how much that is, but they're well above average. So the mix impact is a significant pressure, and you saw in the quarter what kind of impact that can have.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: And how about – maybe this is a simple question, but how does currency impact you at the gross margin line over the past couple of years, does it hurt you at all?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, we try to strip that out and so but it's a complex supply chain in term of where it can go. We start at the ingredients plants and go through our ingredient plant network and then through compounds plant, so there is a time lag impact. There is a multiple currency impact. We do our best to try to isolate that and pull that out of the individual drivers. So, what you see in terms of, as we talk about volume, price mix is our best estimates on ex-currency.
Jonathan Feeney - Consumer Edge Research LLC: I understand. Thank you very much.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes. No problem.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Gunther Zechmann with Bernstein.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Good morning, gentlemen. When you look at raw material costs, some of your competitors have started building strategic inventories. You seem to follow a different strategy and your net working capital and cash flow was strong, but you took a hit on the P&L. How should we think about the way you handle raw material cost inflation and what raw material impact also do you see going into year end and 2017, please?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: I think, Gunther, as I mentioned earlier, we do expect to see modest input cost pressures next year. There, we do have strategic stocks similar to our competitors. The exact strategy may not be the same. And so it's hard for me to comment versus what we're doing versus they're doing. As I had mentioned earlier in my comments, one of the key things that we're seeing pressure on the flavor side is on vanilla. David Michael has a tremendous amount of experience in that area. And we're already looking to leverage that to help us in that market going forward. So we do work with our procurement teams in terms of looking out 6 to 12 months on a rolling basis and make decisions around strategic stocks. Some of it can be driven by the mix of the business now.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: What other than vanilla are strategic stocks for you?
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: We got vanilla. Most of it's the naturals side of it, natural citrus, some of those things.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Patchouli.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Patchouli, all key things that we have strategic stocks in.
Gunther Zechmann - Sanford C. Bernstein Ltd.: Okay. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heidi Vesterinen with Exane BNP Paribas
Heidi Vesterinen - Exane BNP Paribas: Hi. Just on the input cost question again, I wondered if your ability to recover input cost pressures to pricing differs by customer type or product area. I wondered, for example, is there a difference between globals and smaller customers? Thank you.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Go ahead.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No. You go.
Richard A. O’Leary - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: No. I think, Heidi, clearly, our objective and our strategy has always been to cover our costs. It has an impact. It can have an impact on our margins, because as we recover it, by sort of the pure math of that, it can have a dilutive effect on our margins. The market is tough right now, that I mentioned earlier, with certain categories of customers, but our objective is always to cover the costs.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the call back to Andreas for closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig - International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Thank you very much for everybody participating. Thank you for the vivid Q&A, and we see each other, or talk to each other, for the next call. Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's IFF. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-09 10:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. Participants will be announced by their name and company. In order to give all participants an opportunity to ask their questions, we request a limit of one question per person. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Vice President, Global Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's second quarter 2016 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded and will be available for replay on our website. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly (1:10) for the second half and full year 2016. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on March 1, 2016 and our press release that we filed yesterday, all of which are available on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued yesterday and is also on our website. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Alison Cornell. We will start with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have. With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Michael. I would like to start with an executive overview as usual of our operational performance for the second quarter. Then I will provide an update on the progress we are making in terms of our long-term Vision 2020 strategy. Once finished, Alison will review our financial results in greater detail, including specifics on each business unit as well as our cash flow statement and outlook for the remainder of the year. Then I will provide some concluding remarks and we will finish by taking any questions that you may have. I'm pleased to report that all our key financial metrics for quarter two came in as we anticipated with currency-neutral sales improving 4%, comprising 3% growth in Flavors and 5% growth in Fragrances. On a consolidated basis, our top line growth benefited by approximately two percentage points related to the contribution of our acquisitions of Ottens Flavors and Lucas Meyer Cosmetics. Our organic business grew 2% on a currency-neutral basis driven by new wins across both businesses. From a profitability perspective, we strategically reinvested in our business, while simultaneously delivering 7% currency-neutral adjusted operating profit growth and a 70 basis points expansion and adjusted operating profit margin. This was driven primarily by volume growth, the benefits associated with our cost and productivity initiatives, and the contribution of acquisitions. Currency-neutral EPS improved 5% as lower year-over-year shares outstanding due to our share repurchase program were offset by higher interest expense and a higher effective tax rate. Turning our attention now to Vision 2020, as we celebrate the first anniversary of its launch, this is a perfect time to review the progress we have made thus far. We are pleased with the performance we have made relative to our strategic priorities and remain focused on execution to drive long-term growth. Since inception, we have seen strong currency-neutral sales growth across all our key platforms, including modulation, encapsulation, delivery systems, and naturals; proof that we're executing our plan and delivering what we believe is industry-leading innovation to our customers. With that in mind, I'm happy to report that delivery systems across both Flavors and Fragrances continued to drive growth in the second quarter. In Flavors, sales of our sweetness and savory modulation portfolio continued its trend of strong double-digit currency-neutral growth, led by Savory, Dairy and Beverage. In Fragrances, encapsulation-related sales also continued its strong trend of growth, improving double digits in a currency-neutral base, led by Fabric Care and Personal Wash. In the second quarter, we also launched a new flavor modulator and a new natural flavor molecule to continue to give our flavors a superior pallet to work from to ensure we continue to build winning solutions for our customers. We also set a new benchmark for fragrance sustainability with the release of the first-ever Cradle to Cradle Certified fragrance, PuraVita, a fragrance which has noted (sic) [notes] of green apple, wood, apricot and vanilla, is a proof of concept for an innovative approach to sustainable fragrance creation. PuraVita is a model for what can be achieved when perfumers pair creativity with sustainable design principles. In the areas where we are targeting a market leadership position, we are continuing to see accelerated growth. In North America, we saw 5% currency-neutral increase for the second quarter of 2016, driven primarily by the contribution of our acquisitions. Within North America Fragrances, Consumer Fragrances improved high single digits, led by solid new win performance. Strong growth trends in the Middle East and Africa continued through second quarter, as currency-neutral sales improved mid-single digits with strong growth coming from Flavors. Another strategic area for us, Home Care, grew mid-single digits on a currency-neutral basis, led by double-digit growth in North America and EAME. We continue to position ourselves to be our customers' partner of choice and go-to supplier. In the second quarter, we launched an enhanced sustainability strategy focused on leading positive transformational changes toward a regenerative, healthy and abundant world. As an enabler of IFF's Vision 2020 business strategy, creating a sustainable future is essential to IFF's long-term growth. As such, our new sustainability strategy's centered on three main aspects; Positive Principles, Regenerative Products and Sensational People. Through this strategy, IFF is committed to engage its people and partners to ask what if, and to tackle complex challenges by reimagining what is possible when sustainability, innovation and passion combine. We also achieved core list status with key customers in the second quarter. With this core list status, we are the one and only core supplier with 100% briefing access. This is a great accomplishment as it is a clear key competitive advantage, helping to drive future growth in the years to come. We're also happy to announce that we have partnered with Unilever to improve the lives of vetiver farming communities in Haiti. The partnership, Vetiver Together, aims to sustainably improve food security, increase yields, and diversify income, while working to support women's empowerment and our environmental conservation. Haiti produces some of the best vetiver in the world and many farmers rely on cultivating of the root for their entire source of income. But, due to the economic pressures, farmers often harvest the roots before they are fully mature, leading to low prices, poor oil yields, deforestation and soil erosion. The partnership will help farmers address these challenges as well as provide training to community members, including in crop and livestock production, soil conservation and nutrition to help improve social conditions and diversity of farm production and food security. Finally, in quarter two, we also deployed the industry-first onsite wind turbine at our Tilburg, Netherlands facility. The turbine, which has an output of 2.4 MW, will produce the clean energy equivalent of what is needed to power 1900 households. It is estimated to provide up to 30% of the site's electricity needs and when combined with purchased green electricity, the facility will be powered by 100% renewable electricity. In line with our focus on strengthening and expanding our portfolio, I'm pleased to report that our two recent strategic acquisitions continue to perform well. IFF-Lucas Meyer Cosmetics achieved double-digit growth on a standalone basis and IFF-Ottens Flavors continued its solid growth trend. We believe these results are good indications that we are putting our capital to work to drive accelerated performance both in terms of growth and return. Following the end of the second quarter, we also announced that IFF-Lucas Meyer Cosmetics made a strategic investment in Bio ForeXtra, a Québec City, Canada-based R&D laboratory, highly specialized in the development of active cosmetics and botanical extracts. This investment expands IFF-Lucas Meyer Cosmetics access to raw materials for the cosmetic active business. We believe the access we will gain to sustainable sourced extracts from the Boreal Forest of Canada will provide us with a competitive edge. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Alison.
Alison A. Cornell: Thank you, Andreas. Our financial results for the second quarter remained solid and were consistent with our expectation. Currency-neutral sales improved 4%, including approximately two percentage points relating to the acquisition of IFF-Ottens flavors and IFF-Lucas Meyer Cosmetics. Our top line performance continued to be driven by new wins across both businesses. If we include foreign exchange-related pricing in our Q2 growth rate, our currency-neutral sales would have increased approximately 6% and on a two-year basis, would have increased 7%, which is ahead of our competitors. Adjusted operating profit on a currency-neutral basis grew 7%, as we achieved gross margin expansion that when combined with volume growth benefits associated with cost and productivity initiatives and the contribution of acquisitions translates to a 50-basis point improvement in currency-neutral adjusted operating profit margin. Currency-neutral adjusted EPS improved by 5% as lower year-over-year shares outstanding due to our repurchase program were offset by higher interest expense and a higher effective tax rate. As we are now at the midpoint of 2016, I thought it would be appropriate to highlight our first half results as well. Our currency-neutral sales growth in the first half was strong at 5% with 4% growth in Flavors and 6% growth in Fragrances. Adjusted operating profit grew 7% on a currency-neutral basis, driven by strong sales growth, benefits of our productivity program and contributions from acquisitions. The net result was positive as our currency-neutral adjusted EPS increased 8% in the first half of 2016. Turning to business unit performance for the second quarter, Flavors currency-neutral sales increased 3%, including approximately one percentage point related to the acquisition of IFF-Ottens Flavors. All categories experienced broad-based growth with the strongest growth in Savory and Dairy. From a region perspective, growth was led by mid-single-digit increases in North America, Europe, Africa and Middle East, and Greater Asia. North America increased 4% on a currency-neutral basis, inclusive of our acquisition of IFF-Ottens Flavors. Europe, Africa and the Middle East increased 4% on a currency-neutral basis as growth was led by new win performance, particularly in Dairy and Beverage. Africa and the Middle East continued to outgrow Western Europe, improving approximately 7% in the second quarter. Greater Asia posted 6% currency-neutral growth, led by strong growth in Indonesia, India, and ASEAN. On a category basis, we achieved double-digit growth in Sweet and mid-single-digit growth in Savory. Growth in Latin America in the second quarter was disappointing, decreasing 7% on a currency-neutral basis, based on a strong 14% currency-neutral prior year comparable growth rate. From a country perspective, Mexico grew strong double digits on a currency-neutral basis, however, was offset by challenges related to customers reducing their inventory positions due to the softening of import restrictions in Argentina. Flavors currency-neutral segment profit grew approximately 9%, primarily resulting from volume growth and the benefits from cost and productivity initiatives. Segment profit margin also expanded 120 basis points on a currency-neutral basis. Fragrances currency-neutral sales improved 5%, including approximately three percentage points associated with the acquisition of IFF-Lucas Meyer Cosmetics, led by a double-digit increase in Greater Asia, high single-digit growth in North America and low single-digit growth in Europe, Middle East and Africa. From a category perspective, Fine Fragrances decreased 1% on a currency-neutral basis, as strong double-digit growth in Latin America was offset by softness in North America and Europe, Africa and the Middle East, where new wins did not compensate for erosion of existing business. The growth trend in Consumer Fragrances continued, improving 4% on a currency-neutral basis driven by broad-based growth across all subcategories, led by a double-digit increase in Personal Wash, strong contributions from technology-driven innovation in Fabric Care and mid-single-digit growth in Home Care. On a geographic basis, in Consumer Fragrances, growth was led by double-digit increase in Greater Asia and high single-digit growth in North America, both on a currency-neutral basis. Fragrance Ingredients sales were up 14% driven primarily by the acquisition of IFF-Lucas Meyer Cosmetics. As expected, trends in our organic Fragrance Ingredients business remain challenged and should improve in the second half of the year. From a profit perspective, Fragrances currency-neutral segment profit increased 7% year-over-year resulting from volume growth, benefits from cost and productivity initiatives and the benefits of the acquisition of IFF-Lucas Meyer Cosmetics. As a result, currency-neutral operating profit margin improved 40 basis points. From a cash flow perspective, our operating cash flow in the first half was $155 million, compared with $166 million in the prior year period. This change was driven by our core working capital levels being challenged, principally by the timing of payables within our year-over-year period. As communicated previously, we still expect this impact to normalize as we progress throughout 2016. From a capital deployment perspective, capital expenditures through the first half totaled $43 million or 2.7% of sales and we continue to believe we will spend approximately 5% of sales in 2016. As previously noted, this increase will principally be driven by capacity projects in Greater Asia and investments in technology expansion. Switching gears to cash return to shareholders. In the first half, we spent approximately $89 million on dividend payouts and $72 million on share repurchases. Last week, our board of directors authorized a quarterly dividend of $0.64 per share of the company's common stock, an increase of 15%, to bring our dividend yield to around 2%. This marks the sixth consecutive year that the board approved a double-digit increase in our dividend. This increase in our quarterly dividend demonstrates our confidence in IFF's long-term growth prospects and commitment to returning 50% to 60% of adjusted net income to our shareholders. With the first half of 2016 now behind us, we remain cautiously optimistic for the balance of the year. We are reiterating our previously stated currency-neutral financial guidance for 2016 of 3.5% to 4.5% currency-neutral sales growth, including approximately a 1.5-percentage point contribution from the acquisition of IFF-Ottens Flavors and IFF-Lucas Meyer Cosmetics. From an adjusted operating profit perspective, we expect to achieve 5% to 7% growth, inclusive of a 1.5-percentage point contribution from M&A. Currency-neutral adjusted EPS growth is expected to improve by 6.5% to 8.5% supported by a modestly lower effective tax rate and the continuation of our share repurchase program. In terms of modeling the second half, please note that our fourth quarter and 2016 growth rate is expected to be the strongest, given our more favorable comparable to prior year period. In addition, we also expect currency-neutral operating profit to grow less than sales rate, given the timing of some of our planned reinvestments. While our currency-neutral guidance has not changed, we have updated our EPS guidance to reflect the FX gain we benefited from in the second quarter. The net result is that the impact of currency on sales and profit remains the same, at two points and three points, respectively, and the impact on EPS is lower by approximately one percentage point. At this point in time, we are hedged approximately 80% on our euro profit exposure at $1.14 in 2016 and hedged at approximately 40% of our 2017 exposure at $1.13. As we discussed on our first quarter conference call, we said we were reviewing our currency-neutral methodology to determine if either a more refined or simpler approach is warranted, in order to ensure that we provide investors increased insight into our underlying operating performance, greater alignment with how our business is run and information that is more usable for comparison purposes. While we are still reviewing our current methodology, any changes determined will not be implemented until the beginning of 2017 since our employees' in-year compensation is linked to our current methodology. With that, I would now like to turn the call back over to Andreas for some closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig: In summary, I'm pleased with the second quarter and first half of 2016 from a financial and strategic standpoint. Despite the volatile global operating environment, we are on pace to achieve our previously stated currency-neutral guidance for 2016. Simultaneously, we continue to be focused on the execution of Vision 2020, which is geared towards accelerating our growth and increasing differentiation, which in turn should lead to sustainable, profitable growth. With that, I would now like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: Yes, thanks and morning, everybody. Wanted to ask about sales growth. So you're still guiding to growth for 2016 below long-term targets, so want to understand how the business is performing relative to the going-in beginning of the year plan. And then more broadly, want to understand how we should think about returning to 4% to 6% long-term sales growth targets. Is that predicated on improving end demand, IFF specific share gains, acquisitions, et cetera?
Andreas Fibig: Okay, Mark, thank you for the first question. Let me talk about 2016 first. And it's true that the performance first half of the year was a good – actually a very good growth rate and a great performance. But we have all witnessed that there's great macroeconomic and political volatility over the course of the year. And we will see it in some of our geographies which are important for us. We will have elections in the U.S. We have seen the Brexit. And we have seen other events like Turkey for example, where we have to be cautious. And that's the reason why we reiterate our guidance and we believe we are on track to make it. But the volatility is certainly unprecedented. Talking about 2017, I can't talk in detail about 2017. I believe that needs some more time because we have first of all to finish 2016. But we will return and we are optimistic to return to our long-term guidance because what we see is actually a couple of things. First of all, we have an unprecedented pipeline strengths in terms of new molecules for Fragrances, for example. We see great progress in some of our other R&D platforms like modulation and naturals. And that will help us to gain share going forward. And that's the reason which makes me cautiously optimistic for the years to come.
Mark Astrachan: Great. And then just following up, another question, want to ask about M&A and sort of how the company is thinking about bolt-on versus larger scale deals. There's clearly a little bit more cash on the balance sheet than there has been in recent years. I don't know if that really means anything, but just sort of broadly you've done a couple of bolt-on deals. So is that still the path or do you think now learning's from that allow for larger scale?
Andreas Fibig: Mark, as you know, many of these deals are, let's say, opportunistic at the very end because you never know whether you'll get the asset you want. But I can reassure you that our M&A pipeline so far is pretty well filled. We have made great progress in identifying the right targets. And it might be a mix going forward in terms of bolt-ons and more bigger acquisition and we certainly as you have alluded have the fire power to do these kind of deals. So we are on a path and the good thing is the year's not closed.
Mark Astrachan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Thanks so much. Good morning.
Andreas Fibig: Good morning.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: I want to talk first about the North America Flavors. It looks like the organic was up a little bit and it seems like probably an acceleration coming next quarter. Can you just talk about what's sort of driving the improvement you're starting to see in North America Flavors?
Andreas Fibig: I'll probably take it. Lauren, first of all, it's Andreas, great question. In North America, we have actually seen good movements in some of the smaller accounts we are having. That's the reason why our IFF-Ottens has actually very, very good performance here. But we see a recovering of some of our bigger accounts as well. We have a better win rate. And we are cautiously optimistic for North America. But we have to take into consideration that the North America market as a market is not a high growth market. So we always have to take this into perspective.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Okay. And then also on Asia, I was actually surprised to see Asia both Flavor and Consumer Fragrances being so strong, both because of the macro in the region and usually kind of looking at your trend as a little bit of a leading indicator of where your customers expect sales trends to go and also knowing some of the manufacturing challenges you were dealing within China. So if you could talk about I guess market growth and also some of the manufacturing things in China, that would be great.
Alison A. Cornell: So, Lauren, it's Alison. So, first, while we had continued challenges in China, what we saw was growth in Indonesia, India, across Greater Asia. And that was a function of our technology, our delivery, so encapsulation, our delivery systems, very strong pipeline, strong win rate and so all those things are combining to deliver a strong performance despite our challenge in China. As we talked about China previously, we have taken corrective steps in China in terms of the odor-abatement issue as well as announcing our second factory in China. We've also modified our commercial strategy that we're targeting I'd say higher growing categories. As you know, in order to commercialize things in this space, it takes time. So, fortunately in the interim, we're experiencing strength in the other areas in – or the other geographic places across Greater Asia.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Okay. So, that's great. So, in China, this – sorry – excuse me, in Asia, the strength wasn't even yet showing that China's starting to come back for you other than any kind of recapture of some of the lost business?
Alison A. Cornell: Exactly.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Okay. That's great. Thank you so much.
Alison A. Cornell: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Silke Kueck from JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck: Good morning. This is Silke Kueck for Jeff Zekauskas. How are you?
Alison A. Cornell: Great. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: We're very well, Silke.
Silke Kueck: I was wondering whether you can shed a little bit of light on the gross margin expansion in the quarter, like what was the benefit from favorable buys over costs, were there any hedging gains due to productivity improvements?
Alison A. Cornell: Yes, so there were, I'll say, several benefits. So we had first, starting with volume, so that was about 120 basis points. So it's cost productivity initiatives, another 120 basis points, and that was offset by other items like unfavorable price to input costs, higher incentive compensation, higher RSA and then slightly negative mix, but the biggest drivers from the favorability, volume and cost.
Silke Kueck: As you think about the back half of the year, do you think a 46% (29:00) gross margin is something that's sustainable?
Alison A. Cornell: Yes. There or thereabouts.
Silke Kueck: Okay.
Alison A. Cornell: Yes, what you'll see, though, is it will be somewhat weaker in Q3 and that's relative to the timing of our cash flow hedge and then stronger in Q4.
Silke Kueck: In terms of the SG&A line, so the SG&A grew 7.5% on sales that were up 3%. And can you discuss what was due to the strategic investments and how much was due to the acquisitions and maybe higher amortization expense?
Alison A. Cornell: Sure. So let me start with amortization expenses. So amortization expense in the quarter was $3.3 million. From a strategic investment perspective, that was $4.5 million or call it, three percentage points of growth. That splits $700,000 in Fragrances, $600,000 in Flavors, and then we had $3.2 million that's associated with cost and productivity initiatives. All of those initiatives are in line with our Vision 2020 strategy.
Silke Kueck: And what do you think the level of investment of strategic investments will be for the second half, like it sounds like that that level of spending is going up, if I understood it right?
Alison A. Cornell: I would say it's consistent with the run rate, if not slightly higher. Again, what you'll see is in Q3 the timing of our – you'll see greater spending in Q3 associated with strategic initiatives and that's really just due to the timing of the projects versus Q4. So at a macro level, it's consistent with run rate but it does have a quarterly spread.
Silke Kueck: And so when you look at your operating margin as a whole for the third quarter, do you think the margins would expand or would it be more flattish due to the timing of the investments?
Alison A. Cornell: I would say they'd be flat in the third quarter and improved in the fourth quarter.
Silke Kueck: And then my last question, I was wondering what your expectation is as for the new flavor modulator that you launched. If you look at it over like, I don't know, like a one-year period or a three-year period or a five-year period, like how big of a market is there for that product and what do you think – what revenues do you expect over time on it?
Andreas Fibig: Silke, it's very early times for the new modulator, and we can't give you any specific guidance on that one. But we might come back when we see more, let's say, in-market sales here.
Silke Kueck: Do you have a hope of what you may achieve?
Andreas Fibig: We have always great hopes, but I can't give you anything in specific here.
Silke Kueck: Okay.
Andreas Fibig: I'm sorry.
Silke Kueck: And thanks very much. I'll get back into the queue.
Andreas Fibig: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heidi Vesterinen with BNP Paribas.
Heidi M. Vesterinen: Hi, I wanted to ask about LatAm. Was the weakness just in Argentina or are you seeing weakness in other countries as well because we're hearing from some customers that Brazil is getting quite bad and potentially worse in the second half. Perhaps you could talk us through trends that you're seeing in the key countries you're exposed to in LatAm, please. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: Heidi, thank you for the question. It was basically Argentina for us which was really bad, and here I would say my interpretation is that there's a lot of changes in the policies as well in import and export and we will see how that straightens out over the course of the year. Actually on Brazil, in terms of the Fine Fragrances business, it was doing very, very well. So we can't see the weakness here. And we have another hope that we'll see Olympic Games probably using – people are using some more personal wash, but you never know. I'm sorry.
Heidi M. Vesterinen: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison: Hey, good morning and nice quarter there. Andreas, interesting, every time I see a commercial these days they talk about reformulating into naturals, both fast food and some of your consumer products companies. Can you sort of walk us through how this movement to more natural ingredients continues to impact your business, and do you think it potentially accelerates over the next couple of years?
Andreas Fibig: Actually our planning or our belief is that we might see even more of an acceleration. We get already on the Flavors side more than 50% of all briefs (33:45) on naturals or organic. And so this is a clear trend, and I think it goes with the trend of health and wellness as well. So that this is basically the ask from the consumer. That's what we see in our consumer surveys as well. So that will be something which will stay strong over time. And here what we see, particularly also on the modulators, and you know we do on savory, on sweetness modulations, they're basically all-natural right now in what we are doing. That's another indicator that this trend is probably here to stay. Okay, Mike?
Michael J. Sison: Okay. Great. And then in cosmetic actives, I think every quarter you report it's double digits. So, can you help us understand maybe what's driving that? Is there some end market drivers there? And is that something that can continue for quite some time?
Andreas Fibig: So first of all, the business we have acquired here had already in the past a very solid track record. But what we see right now for us is that first of all the whole market has a higher growth rate than our core market, with probably 4.5%, which is basically double, almost double what we see in our core market. And then we see that we come up with good solutions which are really needed by the customers, plus we find new customers as well because – and that was the idea of the acquisition, that we can open some doors for the active cosmetic sales teams to make sure that we introduce them to some of our clients we have already for many, many years. So that's a classic top line synergy we are playing here.
Michael J. Sison: Okay. And then last one, in terms of your outlook for the second half of the year, if conditions kind of stay where they are now, would you be similar to the first half? Meaning that you kept your guidance despite doing better in the first half, you would need sort of a deterioration in the environment from here to be at the lower end?
Andreas Fibig: Look, Mike, we reiterate guidance here. That's where we stay, because you never know how things are playing out.
Michael J. Sison: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: Yes, hi. Thank you. Good morning. I was just wondering, Andreas, if you could give us some more background on – you talked about the new core list that you have gotten on recently that you weren't on before. If you could maybe give us some more background around that, sort of what led to that? Was it your technology? Was it customer relationships? Sort of just a little bit more on that.
Andreas Fibig: Faiza, first of all, good morning. Unfortunately, I can't give you any more details on the core list. But it's a significant customer for us which is, I think, that's important to know, has a good volume. And what helped us here is certainly technology. So the technology we are providing to this specific customer has helped to gain access. The second one is certainly our, let's say, focus on the customer and being a partner of choice, as well to working with them very, very closely together in many, many areas, and that has helped us to gain access here.
Faiza Alwy: Okay. Great. And then I just want to push a little bit more on Latin America because it sounds like you do have difficult comps going into the third quarter also, and I know we talked about it a little bit with respect to Argentina. But is there anything else? Is that expected to continue into the back half? And are you expecting a recovery there in the back half or do you expect trends to be similar to where they were this quarter?
Alison A. Cornell: So, I think overall, we're going to see a slight recovery in the Flavors space, but from a Fragrance perspective, I'd say we remain cautious for the second half.
Faiza Alwy: Okay, okay. And then just one last one, Alison, you have that great chart as part of the Q4 presentation where we talked about the profitability improvement in 2016 and you highlighted Vision 2020 investments were going to reduce operating profit by 3.5% and then fund the journey was going to help by 5% to 6%. I know you talked about where we are in terms of the investments. Can you talk about some of the savings that we've seen so far? Have those come through, or are those expected in the back half?
Alison A. Cornell: Yes, so I would say, Faiza, that we're tracking with our plan, both on the investment side as well as the fund the journey, productivity cost savings initiatives and so those are in line with our plan.
Faiza Alwy: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Consumer Edge Research.
Jonathan Feeney: Good morning. Thanks very much. I wanted to ask, I'm not sure I understood just to be clear on your answer to Lauren's question, Alison, what would – that mid-single-digit growth in North America Flavors, I think the Ottens business is fairly heavy in North America. Could you just give us a sense what that would have been without the acquisition?
Alison A. Cornell: Sure. So organically in the second quarter we were flat in North America. Having said that, through the second half of the year, our organic business by itself, excluding Ottens Flavors, improve, and that was based on the pipeline, strong wins and so forth through the second half of the year.
Jonathan Feeney: Great. Thanks. And forgive me if you'd mentioned this before, but would the margin profile of Ottens Flavors be likely similar to your overall margin profile?
Alison A. Cornell: Yes.
Andreas Fibig: Yes.
Jonathan Feeney: Okay. Great. And then I guess just one bigger picture question. The capabilities you build through Meyer and Ottens, I mean how much of this is specific to a set of customers and how much of this is building competitive advantage relative to the other big three global players? Do you feel as if this is a race and all these companies are sort of building your capabilities and you're positioning IFF to be stronger, or is this sort of – are these sub-niches that you're trying to maybe stake out while the other three, big three sort of stake out other niches?
Andreas Fibig: No, actually if you look at the two acquisitions, quite a different approach. On the active cosmetic ingredients, we were looking at an adjacent business to our Fragrance business and we entered into this business because we believe that we have great top line synergies here in terms of the customer coverage and we are playing in the premium segment of that market, which gives us an extra profitability and certainly a good growth as well. So that's important to understand. That was the reason why we ventured into that business. On the Flavors side, different approach because as we said and probably many of our competitors are telling you that as well is, that you see some of the smaller, mid-sized companies with higher growth rates and we needed kind of a differentiated service model for that part of the market as well. And that was the reason that we acquired Ottens, to use it as a platform in that segment because this way usually customers who were not reaching out as much as we would like to have it, and now we have the platform, we're filling the platform and we are pretty happy with it.
Jonathan Feeney: Okay. Great. Thank you very much, Andreas and Alison.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Edlain Rodriguez with UBS.
Edlain Rodriguez: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Just a quick follow-up on M&A, I mean, Andreas, you've talked about like the pipeline and opportunities that are available, so I was just trying to figure out like what's preventing you from closing on some of those deals? Is it just that those assets are very pricey, and you have to make sure they make sense financially or is it just a matter of time? Just wanted to figure out like what the opportunities are?
Andreas Fibig: So, Edlain, it's actually more a matter of time because you really have to work through the pipeline. You have to figure out what is the real value of these assets and do they make sense from a strategic point of view. So we are certainly not, let's say, under pressure here to do it. We're really taking our time to look at these assets and then make the call at the time as time is ready to do it.
Edlain Rodriguez: That makes sense. And one last one, you've highlighted the markets where you're doing well and in some of the markets where you're seeing weakness, Latin America and some other products in other places, like do you believe it's temporary? And if it's not, like are there steps you can take to address that to make sure it doesn't have like a significant impact on results going forward?
Andreas Fibig: I actually believe in particular in the emerging markets it's temporary, because in the mid-term and long-term you will see still, let's say, very significant population growth and people are trending towards middle class, lower middle class. And these are all potential customers for our products. If you look at the numbers, for example Africa, Middle East is an area which is expanding double-digit for us and you will see a doubling of the population in Africa until 2050. So it will happen. We always see these kind of spikes or lambadas (44:10) going forward. And I'm actually very optimistic in a long way and said these will stay good growth areas for us. And the good thing was in IFF is as you might know is that we have 50% of all our business in the emerging markets and 50% individual markets and so that will help us when we see these markets returning to good growth here. Whether we will see like to see in a China again double-digit growth over years, I doubt it. But even if you see let's say 6% or 7% growth I think it's still a pretty significant one.
Edlain Rodriguez: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: You have a follow-up question with Heidi Vesterinen with BNP Paribas.
Andreas Fibig: Heidi?
Heidi M. Vesterinen: Sorry, sorry about that. Could you tell us what the organic growth rate might be if you included LatAm currency effects like your peers do, please? Thank you.
Michael DeVeau: Yes, Heidi, we don't have the specificity at this point. This is Mike. I can follow up with you offline. It will be significantly higher, because that's probably where the most concentrated effort would have been in terms of the differential in reporting differences respect to pricing late FX.
Heidi M. Vesterinen: All right. Thank you.
Alison A. Cornell: Thanks.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call back over to speakers.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you very much for all your questions. And have a great day. Thank you. Bye, bye.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-10 10:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal the question-and-answer portion of the call. Participants will be announced by their name and company. In order to give all participants an opportunity to ask their questions, we request a limit of one question per person. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Vice President, Global Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's first quarter 2016 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at ir.iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded and will be available for replay. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to the outlook for the full-year 2016. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on March 1, 2016 and our press release that we filed yesterday, all of which are on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Alison Cornell. We will start with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have. I would now like to introduce Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Michael. I would like to start with an executive overview of our operational performance for the first quarter. Then I will provide an update on the progress we are making in terms of our long-term Vision 2020 strategy. Once finished, I'll ask Alison to cover our financial results in greater detail, including specifics on each business unit as well as our cash flow statement and outlook for the remainder of the year. Then I will provide some concluding remarks and we'll finish by taking any questions that you may have. I'm pleased with how we started 2016. Given the volatile global operating environment and against our strong year-ago growth comparison, currency-neutral sales grew 6%, which was comprised of 5% growth in Flavors and 8% growth in Fragrances. On a consolidated basis, our top-line growth benefited by approximately 4 percentage points related to the contribution of our recent acquisitions of Ottens Flavors and Lucas Meyer's Cosmetics. Our organic business, which had stronger performance than we anticipated, grew 2% on currency-neutral basis. The driver of out-performance can be attributed to improved volume trends versus what we have experienced in the fourth quarter 2015. In addition, we also benefited from an increased contribution of commercial performance, as new win growth was strong, particularly in fragrance compounds. On profitability perspective, we strategically reinvested and our business was simultaneously delivering 7% currency-neutral adjusted operating profit growth and a 20 basis points expansion in adjusted operating profit margin. The driver of our profit improvement was strong gross profit performance driven primarily by volume growth, the benefits of productivity initiatives, and contribution of acquisitions. Currency-neutral EPS improved 11%, as we gained additional leverage from a more favorable effective tax rate and a reduction in shares outstanding. With respect to Vision 2020, we continue to make progress each quarter. Differentiation through innovation is crucial to our success. With that in mind, I'm happy to report that one of our key R&D focus areas, delivery systems, continued to be a growth driver in the first quarter. In Fragrances, the strong trend from encapsulation-related sales continued as currency-neutral sales improved high-single-digit led by Fabric Care and Toiletries. In the first quarter, Fabric Care grew high-single-digits on a currency-neutral basis with all geographies posting strong growth, led by a double-digit increase in North America and high-single-digit growth in EAME and Greater Asia. In Flavors, another key focus area for us is modulation, as sales of our sweetness & savory modulation portfolio continued to post strong growth, improving strong double-digits on a currency-neutral basis, led by Savory, Dairy and Beverage. This is further proof that our innovative solutions are allowing us to meet our customers' demand for healthier and better-for-you products. In the first quarter, we also commercialized two new flavor molecules and one new natural sweetness modulator to give our flavors more novel technologies to build winning solutions for our customers. We continue to see accelerated growth in the areas where we are targeting market leadership positions. In North America, we saw 11% currency-neutral increase for the first quarter 2016, driven by our recent acquisitions and strong growth in Fragrances. Within North America Fragrances, Consumer Fragrance improved mid-single-digits and Fine Fragrances grew double-digits, led by strong new win performance. Leveraging our longstanding presence and in-depth consumer knowledge, we are focused on the Middle East and Africa as a growth driver. In the first quarter, we achieved strong growth across both Flavors and Fragrances to deliver a double-digit improvement on a currency-neutral basis. The mid to high single-digit growth trends we have seen in recent years in Consumer Fragrances continued into the first quarter of 2016. Within that segment, Home Care, a strategic area of focus for us, grew mid-single-digits on a currency-neutral basis, led by double-digit growth in Latin America. In Flavors Latin America, we delivered 8% currency-neutral sales growth or 14% on a two-year average basis, based on our continued success leveraging innovation with key customers. We continue to position ourselves to be a customer's partner of choice and to-go supplier. In the first quarter, IFF | Lucas Meyer's Cosmetics won a Silver Innovation award at the In-Cosmetic Conference held in Paris for Miniporyl. For those of you who have not had a chance to experience this product, Miniporyl is an active ingredient which is extracted from a red clover flower and is a natural pore minimizer designed to rebalance skin conditions responsible for pore enlargement. Because of our continued commitment to sustainability and focus on weaving it into all aspects of our business and corporate culture, we were rated gold and ranked a top supplier by EcoVadis. EcoVadis aims at improving environmental and social practices of companies by leveraging the influence of global supply chains. During quarter one, we also joined the World Business Council for Sustainable Development, which is an organization of forward-thinking companies that stimulate the global business community to create a sustainable future for business, society and the environment. We are excited to be part of an organization that works together across sectors, geographies and value chains to explore, develop and scale up business solutions to address the world's most pressing sustainability challenges. In line with our focus on strengthening and expanding our portfolio, I'm happy to report that our two recent strategic acquisitions continue to perform well. IFF | Lucas Meyer's Cosmetics achieved double-digit growth on a standalone basis and IFF | Ottens Flavors posted solid growth for the quarter on a standalone basis, led by regional customers. We believe their performance is a good indication that we are putting our capital towards long-term value-creating opportunities. Let me conclude by saying how pleased we are with the strategic progress we have made so far this year. We look forward to building on this momentum as we progress through the balance of the year. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Alison.
Alison A. Cornell: Thank you, Andreas. I would like to reiterate our strong financial performance for the first quarter. I am pleased that we were able to deliver sales growth of 6%, adjusted operating profit growth of 7%, and adjusted EPS growth of 11%, all on a currency-neutral basis. Our performance can be attributed to improved volume trends, which we believe includes the timing of orders from fourth quarter of 2015 to first quarter of 2016, and strong new win performance. I would also like to take an opportunity to provide commentary on our adjusted EBITDA, given M&A has become a larger component of our strategy and is a key indicator of comparison to our largest competitors. We continue to see profitability and margin progression as our adjusted EBITDA grew 6% versus the prior-year period, inclusive of currency. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded a very strong 120 basis points, principally driven by volume leverage, the benefits of cost and productivity initiatives, and mixed benefits resulting from the inclusion of IFF | Lucas Meyer Cosmetics and IFF | Ottens Flavors. Turning to business unit performance. Flavors currency-neutral sales increased 4%, primarily driven by approximately 4 percentage points relating to the acquisition of IFF | Ottens Flavors. It is important to note that this growth was on top of strong 9% currency-neutral growth in the first quarter of 2015. The improvement was led by high-single-digit increases in North America, inclusive of our acquisition of IFF | Ottens Flavors, and Latin America, reflecting double-digit growth in Savory, Sweet and Dairy. Greater Asia posted low-single-digit growth, as increases in India and Thailand were more than offset by softness in China, although trends in China improved sequentially. Within Greater Asia and on a category perspective, growth was driven by new win performance, particularly with relative strength in Dairy and Sweet. Europe, Africa and the Middle East decreased 1% against 9% growth from the comparable year-ago period, as softness in Western Europe more than offset a strong, high-single-digit improvement in the Middle East and Africa. Flavors currency-neutral segment profit grew approximately 1%, primarily resulting from the contribution of IFF | Ottens Flavors and strong benefits from productivity initiatives. Fragrances currency neutral sales improved 8%, including approximately 4 percentage points associated with the acquisition of IFF | Lucas Meyer Cosmetics with all regions posting growth, led by a double-digit increase in North America and high-single-digit growth in Latin America. From a category perspective, Fine Fragrances improved 7% as a result of a very strong pipeline of new wins, led by North America which achieved strong double-digit growth followed by mid-single-digit growth in Europe, Africa and the Middle East, and low-single-digit growth in Latin America. Consumer Fragrances grew 6% with broad-based growth across all sub-categories. Technology-driven innovation in Fabric Care and Personal Wash contributed high-single-digit increases. Within Consumer Fragrances, on a geographic basis, all regions delivered growth, led by a double-digit increase in Latin America and a mid-single-digit increase in North America, both on a currency-neutral basis. Fragrance Ingredients sales were up 15% driven primarily by the acquisition of IFF | Lucas Meyer Cosmetics. Our base Fragrance Ingredients business, which as a reminder are the external sales that we do not use for our internal compounds production, remains soft, reflecting continued challenging market conditions as well as our prioritization of capacity to further strengthen our internal Fragrance Compounds business as evidenced by our mid-single-digit Fragrance Compounds growth. From a profit perspective, Fragrances currency-neutral segment profit was very strong, growing about 15% year-over-year, driven by robust volume growth, the benefits from cost and productivity initiatives, and more favorable mix. This performance led to over 130-basis-point improvement in currency-neutral operating profit margin. Our operating cash flow in the first quarter was $32 million compared with $31 million in the prior-year period. Our core working capital levels were challenged, principally driven by the timing of payables. We expect this impact to normalize as we progress throughout 2016. From a capital structure standpoint, we spent approximately $23 million in expenditures, and continue to believe we will spend approximately 5% of sales in 2016. As noted on our year-end call, this increase will principally be driven by capacity projects in Greater Asia, primarily related to a new Flavors manufacturing plant in China, which was disclosed on our Q4 conference call, and investments in technology expansions. With regard to China, I'd like to provide some additional commentary as it relates to our Fragrance Ingredients plants. We, as well as other chemical plants in the same industrial zone, received a request from the Chinese government to relocate our Fragrance Ingredients plant in Zhejiang. Currently, we are in discussions with the government regarding the intent, purpose and timing of the request of relocation. If we were ultimately required to move, our company and government authorities would need to agree upon the amount and nature of government compensation, including adequate timing and financial support. This is similar to a move required a few years ago when we worked in partnership with the Chinese government to relocate one of our Fragrance Ingredients plants from one industrial park to another over an extended period with minimal business impact. Please note that the relocation request is an evolving situation. We will continue to keep you updated. Regarding cash returned to shareholders, in Q1, we spent approximately $45 million on dividend payout and $40 million on share repurchases. Given these levels and our outlook for the rest of the year, we expect to meet our total payout ratio objective of 50% to 60% of adjusted net income. Looking to the balance of the year, we continue to believe we can deliver attractive returns to our shareholders. While there are some indications that the global environment has marginally improved, we continue to remain cautiously optimistic with respect to achieving our previously-stated financial guidance for 2016, given the persistent volatility in the market. And it is still early in the year, and we believe that the first quarter 2016 partially benefited from timing of orders from Q4 of 2015 to Q1 of 2016. We do not think it is prudent to extrapolate results. In the second quarter, I'd like to remind everyone that we are comparing to a low effective tax rate in the prior-year period when we benefited from the timing of an R&D tax credit. That benefit is not expected to repeat itself again this year. As a reminder, for the full year 2016, we expect 3.5% to 4.5% currency-neutral sales growth, including approximately 1.5 percentage point of contribution from the acquisitions of IFF | Ottens Flavors and IFF | Lucas Meyer Cosmetics. From an adjusted operating profit perspective, we expect to achieve 5% to 7% growth, inclusive of a 1.5 percentage point contribution from M&A. Currency-neutral adjusted EPS growth is expected to improve by 6.5% to 8.5%, led by a modestly lower effective tax rate and the continuation of our share repurchase program. Given the fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, I would also like to address the impact of currency on our financial results. While our currency-neutral guidance has not changed, we have updated our guidance to reflect the movement of the U.S. dollar to other world currencies since the beginning of the year. As I have discussed in the past, the euro is clearly the largest driver in terms of our currency basket, representing approximately 35% of our profit exposure. Previously, we expected the devaluation of the euro versus the U.S. dollar to represent approximately 4 percentage point out of our original 5 percentage point headwind to profit in 2016. Now, given the euro-USD exchange rate in Q1, the fact that we are hedged approximately 75% at $1.14 in 2016 and assuming a spot rate of $1.13, we expect about a 3 percentage point impact from the euro as our expected weighted average exchange rate for 2016 is $1.135 versus our average rate of $1.25 for 2015. The rest of the currencies within our basket have improved versus our original guidance and now are expected to effectively offset one another on a profitability basis. As such, we expect currency to have a 2-percentage-point impact on sales versus 2.5 percentage points previously assumed. We expect a 3 percentage point impact on operating profit and EPS should current rates remain constant for the balance of the year. The increased volatility in duration of the currency movement continues to have a significant impact on our reported results. We measure the impact of currency on various fronts, including translation and transaction impacts as well as timing effects associated with our supply chain and inventory movement. We recognize that there are potentially different approaches that can be used to measure this impact and that the methodology differs amongst our industry and peer group. We regularly review our methodology to determine if either a more refined or simpler approach is warranted in order to ensure that we provide investors increased insight to our underlying operating performance, greater alignment with how the business is run, or information that is more usable for comparison purposes. While we are in the process of our current review, we believe that if we were to adopt a different methodology, it would likely have a positive impact on our currency-neutral adjusted operating profit growth in 2016. With that, I would now like to turn the call back over to Andreas for some closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Alison. In summary, I am pleased with how we started off the year. Financially, the entire organization collectively achieved strong results as evident by our 6% sales growth, 7% adjusted operating profit growth, and 11% adjusted EPS growth all on currency-neutral basis. As Alison just commented, we are on a pace and have increased confidence to achieve our previously stated currency-neutral financial guidance for 2016. Simultaneously, we continue to be focused on the execution of Vision 2020 as we believe our emphasis on building great differentiation and accelerating profitable growth will create incremental shareholder value over the long term. With that, I would now like to open up the call to questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from Mark Astrachan.
Mark S. Astrachan: Thanks, and good morning, everybody. I appreciate the color on the benefit to first quarter results from the 4Q weakness in terms of some of the pull-forward or push-back. I guess, modeling-wise, is there anything we should be aware of that would impact the two-year stack in sort of thinking about how the second quarter trends would be shaping up? And if you don't want to specifically comment on that, how do we think about progression relative to 4Q/1Q levels through 2016, would be helpful.
Alison A. Cornell: Thanks for the question, Mark. So, from a second quarter perspective, we do not plan to comment on second quarter. If we think about the fourth quarter, fourth quarter especially if we neutralize for the 53rd week was abnormally low. We did have relative strength in the first quarter, our volumes improved sequentially, we had strong commercial performance. But despite that, as you look at the relatively low performance in Q4 to Q1, we do think that it was impacted. So, with respect to Q2, we think it's too early to talk about it as we're only one month in and especially given the volatility in our customer order patterns. Having said that, though, we do expect growth to accelerate as we progress throughout the year and remain committed to our guidance.
Mark S. Astrachan: Great. And just to follow up on that, if you look at the two-year CAGR average 4Q 2015 to 1Q 2016, it's somewhere in the high 2%s. So, I guess, the question is, A, that's relative to 2% to 3% that you've talked about for the year organically. But in that context, what does it say about the current end demand general in terms of what you see from a customer standpoint, maybe even specifically comment on global versus local/regional. You've talked about that dynamic in the past. And then, if you could tie it into the acceleration needed to get back to your long-term targets of 4% to 6%, will be helpful.
Alison A. Cornell: So I think if we step back, coming into 2016, we noted that our organic business would be softer than our long-term targets overall given the macroeconomic conditions, customer order volatility, limited volume growth from our customers, as indicated. Having said that, if we bifurcate first half versus second half, we expect our growth to accelerate throughout the year as we exit our 2016 business based on additional access to new business, strong new win performance that we know that we already have that will manifest itself in the second half and also the benefits that we're seeing from our innovation, continued benefit. And so, feel good as we exit 2016, going into 2017 and believe that we are on target to deliver our long-term targets that we indicated.
Mark S. Astrachan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Great. Thank you. First, I was wondering if you could comment, though, overall on market growth trends. Throughout last year, acknowledging it was very choppy, there were points at which you felt that local customers were still kind of performing relatively well and their consumption was up versus the global. So, where do you think things sort of stand now in terms of market growth?
Andreas Fibig: Lauren, This is Andreas. Thank you for the question and, unfortunately, we believe that the global environment is still pretty volatile and choppy, as you were saying, because we see in some areas of the world, we see actually very good growth trends. We just came back, Alison and myself, from the Middle East and Africa. We see good double-digit growth in the region despite the political unrest. We have other areas, for example in China, where we are seeing basically a slowdown in growth. So you see from the geographic point of view, it's very volatile at the moment and even in the U.S., it's not super consistent what we are seeing. On top of it, we see differences in between the different categories. Let me give you an example. If you look, for example, to modulation, our sweetness modulation, that's something which is certainly facilitating our growth, because we see more countries moving in towards sugar tags. UK just did it. South Africa is going to bring to do it. So that's something which is driving growth in the category. But in other categories, we don't see as much growth because it goes against it. So it's a very complex picture, and that's the reason why we say we really have to deal with that kind of volatility around the globe. So we believe that the market probably has a growth for Flavors and Fragrances between 2% and maybe 3%, but that's very much on the high end. On the active Cosmetics, we still see much higher, higher growth trends between, let's say, 5% and 6%. So it's a pretty difficult picture at the moment.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Okay. And then, if you could offer a little bit more color on North America Flavors performance, both excluding Ottens, organic still down as expected. But at what point do you think that turns? I believe there have been some big wins on sweetness modulation around this time last year, so maybe we are starting to lap tough comps. And then also on Ottens, I think the language in the deck changed, that previously you have been talking about that business growing double-digits and now it's sort of, quote, solid. So, anything that changed there would be helpful as well.
Andreas Fibig: Let's talk about the organic business first. We believe it will change in the second half of the year, so that's very, very clear. And Ottens is still performing, let's say, above our business case, and we have actually pretty tough comps here as well on the Ottens business. And what we have said before is that we see, in particular with the customer base we have with this business, a higher growth rate than with some of our more bigger and more established customers.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Okay. And then just one last one, if I may. Latin America was just very strong seemingly across the board. And in the press release, anyway, you didn't specifically mention Beverages. I believe that had been – the Beverage encapsulation had been a driver of the Flavors growth there. So if you can talk anything more specifically about what's driven Latin America to be so strong in obviously such a very tough macroeconomic environment would be great.
Andreas Fibig: Yes. Absolutely. So we still see it in the Beverage category for us on the Flavors side, and we're actually pretty proud, because it looks like this category in particular is a certain delivery system for powders. It's helping us because it facilitates growth in a population category, which is lower middle class and lower income, which is really helping us to drive our growth there. And we see it basically on the modulation as well. And here again, the scene comes back. I just touched on it with the sweetness modulation. So, replacement of sugar and helping with sweetness modulation is something which is a big trend and which helps us with our sales in that category.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Okay. Thanks so much.
Andreas Fibig: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Sison with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Michael J. Sison: Hey, guys. Nice start to the year. Any thoughts on when you think Flavors can sort of turn the corner in total for currency-neutral sales growth this year, excluding acquisitions?
Andreas Fibig: It's second half, very, very clearly.
Michael J. Sison: And back to the kind of normal growth rates we've seen historically, and what's driving that?
Andreas Fibig: I would say normal growth rate depends on how you define the normal, because what we are seeing is a bit of a slowdown in market, and I think that's what you hear from many of our competitors as well. The new normal might be, let's say, 2.5% market growth and we believe that we can outperform the market. But the question is how much it is at the end. And we see certainly a softer trend in greater Asia, which is certainly driven by China, because remember, we had for many years, we had high double-digit growth rates in China. And these times might be over. And Western Europe is certainly also not a super bright spot here. So we are probably back to the new normal.
Michael J. Sison: Okay. Great. And then just one quick follow-up. Acquisitions seem to have worked out well for you this year and just in general. How is the environment, particularly in the Cosmetics active? That seems to be an area where there could be a lot of opportunity to buy attractive assets.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. So, first of all, we are very happy with the two acquisitions we did last year because they are performing very, very, very well and driving revenue growth. So when we look at M&A in general, we look what could provide technology to us, because we really believe that differentiation comes through technology and through innovation. So that's something. We really look whether it could provide us access to customers and regions where we are right now not very well representatives. And we're certainly looking at adjacencies. And you just mentioned the active Cosmetics, and that's certainly one of the areas where we ventured in and where we want to build our position, first of all, through high organic – double-digit organic growth, but through some more M&A activities here as well. We are certainly screening the market as usually and we are conducting due diligence on a number of potential opportunities and, if it makes good sense, like last year, we are moving forward. And we certainly have a good financial discipline, but Alison might comment on that one.
Alison A. Cornell: Yeah. So in addition to the strategic filters that Andreas went through, we also have a series of financial filters, one being EPS-accretive year one, and then economic profit positive in years three to five. So to the extent it meets the strategic filters and the financial filters, we would potentially move forward. But we do those things in tandem.
Andreas Fibig: Yes.
Michael J. Sison: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: Hi. Good morning.
Andreas Fibig: Good morning, Faiza.
Faiza Alwy: I just wanted to talk about your trends to-date relative to what your guidance was three months ago. So, clearly you have exceeded your plan for the first quarter. So, maybe if you could just go through what were the specific areas, whether it's countries or categories where you exceeded your expectations for the first quarter. So what was surprising to you on the upside?
Alison A. Cornell: So I think Fragrances clearly did well across all regions, all categories, all geographies. From a Flavors perspective, we had strength in Sweet, Savory, Dairy, but we had volume strength, volume leverage. Along with that from a bottom line perspective, we also had cost productivity initiatives that benefited us. We also had net price to input costs favorability. And so – but I think the main driver of our strength in the first quarter was clearly Fragrances.
Faiza Alwy: What do you think...
Alison A. Cornell: In consumer.
Faiza Alwy: Okay. What do you think drove that strength? Do you think it was more -was there a recovery? Just the impact going from Q4 2015 to 1Q 2016 was just more than you had expected? Or was there something sort of underlying in the market that drove that upside?
Alison A. Cornell: Yes. So I think it's a number of things, so one item being the shift between – of course, possibly timing between Q4 and Q1. Another is stronger commercial performance and so we had less erosion combined with stronger commercial new win performance that contributed to the overall strength in the quarter.
Faiza Alwy: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Heidi Vesterinen.
Heidi M. Vesterinen: Hi. So you've been talking about how you report organic growth or currency-neutral growth differently from your peers, and I think this is what you are alluding to in Alison's last slide. If we were to adjust the 6% growth rate, in line with peers, do you know what that number might be?
Alison A. Cornell: So, from an organic perspective, I mean, we don't have exact calculations, but I would double it.
Heidi M. Vesterinen: So, 12%?
Michael DeVeau: Organic.
Alison A. Cornell: Organic.
Heidi M. Vesterinen: Organic is double? Okay. So, 4%.
Alison A. Cornell: Yes.
Heidi M. Vesterinen: And then would you have the equivalent number for full-year 2015?
Michael DeVeau: It's roughly 5%. This is Mike, Heidi.
Heidi M. Vesterinen: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you. I apologize if this got asked earlier since I just jumped on the call late. But some of your major customers have been implementing zero-based budgeting. Do you need to go to something like that model as well?
Alison A. Cornell: So, we as well are implementing a zero-based budgeting. We are in the early stages. We actually started – I would say we dipped our toe in the water last year as we did our 2016 budget, but are moving forward with that on a broader scale in 2016.
Andreas Fibig: So basically for the budget, John, this is Andreas, for the budget 2017.
John Roberts: And then could you remind us of the split in business between local/regional customers versus global customers in both the Flavors and Fragrance segments? And was the gap in performance between those kind of two categories several percentage points difference in growth or was it much smaller than that?
Andreas Fibig: It is – actually the difference in growth, I start with the last one, is smaller because we have seen one or two of our big customers was really, really good and nice growth rates in the first quarter. The business is still split by 50:50 roundabout for us between the two categories, local/regionals and global customers. And actually it's a split we really like, because as you well know, it's also the split in terms of emerging markets and mature market is 50:50. Flavors, Fragrances, almost a 50:50 relationship. That helps us in these volatile times actually to balance our business fairly well.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Silke Kueck with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck: Good morning. Do you have a sense for what the size of your sweetener modulation business is by now? Is it like in the tens of millions or is it larger than that?
Michael DeVeau: Silke, this is Mike. Let us come back to you on that. Traditionally, the way we have to go back on our systems to kind of proportionately allocate it to determine what the actual size is. We talked about our encapsulation size on our CAGNY Conference when we were in CAGNY this past February. But on the modulation, we have to dimensionalize in terms of size. Let us come back for that one.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah.
Silke Kueck: Okay. And secondly, I was wondering if you knew how much favorable price cost contribution was to your gross margin.
Alison A. Cornell: So, from a net price input, it was very small. About 10 basis points.
Michael DeVeau: Yeah.
Silke Kueck: And my last question is, is the Lucas Meyer acquisition, does that contribute anything to EPS growth in the quarter? Or will it this year?
Alison A. Cornell: Yes.
Andreas Fibig: Yes.
Michael DeVeau: It's accretive
Alison A. Cornell: Yes. It's accretive.
Silke Kueck: Yes. Okay. Thanks very much.
Alison A. Cornell: Sure.
Andreas Fibig: You're welcome.
Operator: And your next question is a follow-up with Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Thanks. Glad I got back in. So I did have a quick question about vanillin. I know that the relationship with Evolva is changing. I believe they're kind of taking that back and the commercialization didn't really go maybe as well as planned. It'd be great if you could just articulate why. What are kind of the learnings from that experience, particularly as vanilla was cited as an area of potential cost inflation this year? That'd be just really interesting to learn about. Thanks.
Andreas Fibig: So we're taking the vanillin from Evolva for our own internal consumption, so not so much to sell it externally. And you are right; the vanilla prices are pretty high. We will see how the price trend will go on over time, but I can't make projections right now. I think for the rest the year, we should be fine because we think we have everything in stock we need, we are covered. But for 2017, we will see how the price trend moves on, but it's hard to predict right now.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: And was the expectation that this was going to be – I mean, what changed I guess in the expectation that this was going to be a product you could commercialize more broadly externally than is proving to be the case?
Andreas Fibig: It depends actually, Lauren, on the price because whenever we do – in this industry, when you do something in the biotech space, you try to get, let's say, stable supply to a certain price. And if the raw material is not any longer – let's say you can't buy enough, then the biotech version kicks in or if the price really goes through the roof and you have a good manufacturing price in place. And that's what helps us to balance these kind of movements. So as soon as if the price would go up even further, then there might be an opportunity to commercialize that, but that's not the case at the moment. So for us, basically it's a supply backup solution.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: You're welcome.
Operator: And your next question comes from Heidi Vesterinen with Exane.
Heidi M. Vesterinen: Hi. So Symrise's CEO was talking on an interview recently that the M&A multiples are far too high and they're choosing to focus on CapEx. Are you still confident on your guidance of CapEx to sales falling through to 2020? I wondered if you don't find any accretive deals, is there scope to develop new technologies or even enter adjacencies organically or do you actually need to acquire to get into these new segments. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. Thank you, Heidi, for the question. I certainly can't comment on Heinz-Jürgen's comments here. But what is clear for us is that in the last couple of years we have invested a lot in CapEx. You know we have built new manufacturing plants in Indonesia, in Turkey, in China, and that helped us a lot. On our agenda, as you well know, we have still India and a second plant in China, but that's basically built into our plan for the coming years. So we believe we might spend between 4.5% and 5% for the next two years, maybe three years on CapEx and then CapEx will go down to more of the maintenance level of 3.5 percentage points. So nothing has changed on our side. In terms of the valuation of M&A targets, I agree they're usually high, but they were high last year as well and we are very happy with the two acquisitions we have done. So I think it always depends what kind of targets you find and for what kind of price you can close and what kind of strategy you apply then afterwards to make the business grow. So I would be more optimistic that you still can find good targets, and you know we are not doing anything outrageous here. We really want to make sure that we are financially very disciplined with what we acquire.
Heidi M. Vesterinen: Thank you.
Operator: And you have a question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan: Thanks for the follow-up, all. Two questions unrelated. One, could you talk about the price-cost relationship over the balance of the year in terms of what anticipated benefit you might get from pricing versus what potentially happens from an input cost standpoint? And then secondly on China, following up on the question, I guess the last question, CapEx-wise. So there's been a bunch of moving parts even since last June's Investor Day about goings on in China. How much is incremental in terms of what the CapEx spend is going to be for potentially one, two new facilities? What's your current capacity utilization in that market? And how do you think about it when the dust settles in terms of what the ultimate number of facilities will be relative to what your needs are and relative to your competitors from a positioning standpoint?
Andreas Fibig: Maybe I'll start with a very macro picture on China. First of all, what you see in China is nothing very specific to IFF. You have seen it through basically all of our competitors and many of our customers and other companies. So it seems to be the way you have to operate in China. That's number one. Number two is that we have made a decision that whatever we do in China was exceptional of our Ingredients plant for Fragrances, everything is for the local demand. We are not going to export out of China. So we do basically our manufacturing in China. I think that's important to know as well. It's not a big, let's say, export hub for us. And now, Alison can talk about the financials.
Alison A. Cornell: Okay. So you asked about incremental CapEx associated with China, at this point, it's $45 million that we've assumed. From a capacity utilization perspective, it's about 50%. But we're considering the second site as more of a contingency or backup site. So that's essentially how we're using it as needed. Your first question in terms of price-cost input, we expect it to be favorable for the remainder of the year.
Mark S. Astrachan: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Alison A. Cornell: Thanks.
Operator: At this time, I will now turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. Thank you very much for all of the questions. And in summary, I would say we are on track for the year and we are on track for Vision 2020. Thank you again and talk to you soon. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-11 10:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Vice President, Global Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon, or good evening, everyone. Welcome to IFF's fourth quarter and full year 2015 conference call. Yesterday evening, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to our outlook to the first quarter and full year 2016. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig, and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Alison Cornell. We will start the call with prepared remarks and then take any questions that you may have. With that, I would now like to introduce Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Michael. I would like to start with an executive overview of our operational performance for the full year. Then I want to provide an update on the progress we are making in terms of our long-term 2020 strategy. Once finished, I will ask Allison to cover our financial results in greater detail, including a comprehensive review of our fourth quarter, cash flow statement, and cash return to shareholders. Then we will both provide commentary as it relates to our outlook for 2016 and finish by taking any questions that you may have. Starting with a financial review of our consolidated results for the full year 2015, I'm pleased to report that currency-neutral sales grew 5%, which encompasses 6% growth in flavors and 4% growth in fragrances. Overall, top line growth benefited from a two percentage-point contribution from the acquisition of Ottens Flavors and Lucas Meyer Cosmetics. In addition, our organic business, which grew 3% on a currency-neutral base, continued to benefit from strong new win performance, particularly in fragrance compounds, as sales related to new wins finished above our five-year average. For the full year 2015 and on a currency-neutral basis, consolidated adjusted operating profit increased 8% and adjusted operating profit margin expanded by 50 basis points as a result of our sales growth, the benefit associated with cost savings and productivity initiatives, mix gains related to acquisitions, and lower incentive compensation expense. This improvement in operating profit, when combined with a more favorable effective tax rate and a reduction of shares outstanding, led to an 11% increase in our currency-neutral adjusted EPS in 2015. While I am pleased with our results on a full year base, I'm not satisfied with our top line performance in the fourth quarter. That is driven by a combination of a challenging year-over-year comparison due to an additional week of sales or the 53rd week in 2014, a concentrated effort by some of our larger customers to manage inventories in advance of year-end, a portfolio rationalization of one of our largest fragrance ingredients' customers, and an increased economic pressure in key emerging markets, such as China. We did not perform as well as we would have expected. Alison will go through the specifics in greater detail in a moment. Before doing so, I want to highlight the strategic progress we have made as it relates to our Vision 2020 strategy. Since the communication of our strategy in June 2, 2015, we have taken steps to deliver on our ambition to achieve target market leadership, defined by number one or number two market share positions in key markets, categories, and customers. Within the emerging markets, we've identified the Middle East and Africa as an area of focus, given the robust economic trends and the impact on our consumer disposable income in the future. I'm happy to report even as we are very early in our journey that for the full year Middle East and Africa we are up 14% on a currency-neutral basis. Similarly, with fragrance compounds, China grew high-single digits as the local teams continued to leverage our long-standing presence and in-depth consumer knowledge to win both global and regional customers. Consumer fragrances continued its mid to high single-digit growth trend in 2015, and within that segment, homecare, an area of focus for us, grew high single digits for the full year on a currency-neutral basis, led by double-digit growth in Latin America. In flavors Latin America, we delivered 16% currency-neutral sales growth, driven in part by key customers and our proprietary delivery systems. In 2015, in North America we believe we are now the number two flavors company with our acquisition of Ottens Flavors, which will be adding approximately $60 million in annual sales to our business. Over the course of the year, we also made strong progress against our innovating first pillar, as we believe our robust technology pipeline is critical to building greater differentiation and ultimately accelerated growth. In quarter four, we commercialized two additional captive fragrance ingredients molecules, bringing our total output to four in 2015. In addition, the [indiscernible] and crystal fizz, which I spoke about last quarter, in quarter four we commercialized Amber Tonic and [indiscernible]. Both molecules are strong performers in all applications and give our perfumers the competitive edge when creating the next great fragrance for our customers. We are proud of these accomplishments as we successfully doubled our annual fragrance ingredients molecule output average. We believe this is very critical in terms of differentiation and it provides us with greater confidence in our growth ambitions going forward. The strong trends in fabric care and beverage continued in the fourth quarter, driven by our industry-leading encapsulation technology in fragrances and proprietary delivery system in flavors. The growth trend of encapsulation-related sales continued in 2015 as currency-neutral sales improved mid-teens, led by fabric care and homecare. For the full year 2015, fabric care grew high single digits on a currency-neutral basis, with all geographic markets posting strong growth, led by double-digit growth in EAME and Latin America. Leveraging our success in fabric care, we developed a new capsule in 2015, which will allow us to expand this critical encapsulation technology into personal care categories, such as hair care and body wash. Sales of our sweetness and savory modulation portfolio continue to produce strong results, increasing double digits in 2015. The categories where we had the most success were savory, dairy, and beverage, as our innovative solutions are allowing our customers to meet the demands of consumers who are primarily looking to reduce sugar and salt. Building on those strengths, we also commercialized two natural taste modulators in 2015. A vision of these modulators will further strengthen our capabilities and it provides our flavors the more competitive palates from which it builds winning solutions for our customers. In addition to the strides we have made from a market share and innovation perspective, we've also made progress in our never-ending quest to become our customers' partner of choice. In December, we launched our refreshed branding where we unveiled the new website, purpose statement, visual identity, and tone of voice, all of which are geared towards showcasing IFF's vision, imagination, and innovative focus for customers, employees, and, of course, shareholders. I'm proud of the recognition we have received from our customers in 2015. Over the course of the year, we won the North America innovation award with one of the largest flavors customers, which recognizes partners for their thought leadership. In addition, Estee Lauder presented us with their Suppliers Excellence Award, an achievement designed to acknowledge their top-performing business partners. Also, Lucas Meyer Cosmetics, who we acquired in August, won the 2015 In-Cosmetics Asia Gold Award for best active ingredient innovation and best functional ingredient. More recently, they also received first prize at the first cosmetic ingredients show of 2016. When it comes to sustainability, at IFF we will not accept the status quo. We believe it is foundational to our Vision 2020 business strategy, which is while we are committed to embedding sustainability throughout our business practices and our corporate culture. As you can see on the slide, 2015 was a very successful year in terms of accomplishment. While the first three pillars focus on leveraging or improving our existing capabilities and infrastructure, the fourth pillar strengthening and expanding the portfolio aims to support our organic business through M&A partnerships and collaborations. During the second and third quarter of 2015, we completed two acquisitions, one focusing on growing our market share in North America and one focusing on expanding into new adjacencies which have strategic value. Both acquisitions in 2015 have performed well and are ahead of our business case in terms of sales growth and margin enhancement. We believe that performance is a good indication that we are allocating capital towards long-term value-creating opportunities. Overall, I'm pleased with the progress we have made from a strategic perspective and I'm committed to continuing this momentum as we move through 2016. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Alison.
Alison Cornell: Thank you, Andreas. Given the softness that we experienced in the fourth quarter, I want us to reconcile to what we communicated on our third quarter conference call to actual Q4 results. On November 11, we stated that we expect to have moderate currency-neutral sales growth in the fourth quarter with organic sales flat to down slightly in Q4. At that time, as shown in the chart, currency-neutral sales on an organic basis was up 2% in October. As we moved through November, our growth trajectory continued with currency-neutral sales up nearly 3% for the month. Then, unfortunately, our performance in December came in softer than we expected. While we knew we faced a strong year-ago comparison that included an extra week of sales, which we quantified to be 200 basis points in the quarter or approximately 600 basis points in the month of December, there were a few other factors that further pressured results. First, in flavors, we experienced unprecedented fluctuations in terms of customer order patterns. While traditionally we have good visibility around the commercialization of products and our customers’ recurring order patterns, we ultimately are dependent on our customers in terms of launches and inventory levels. In December, we unexpectedly experienced several large flavors customers reducing their overall order intake, which impacted results. This was also the case in consumer fragrances, where customers did not reorder at the same level as they did in the year-ago period excluding the 53rd week impact. In fragrances, our ingredients business remained under pressure as one of our largest fragrance ingredients customers continued to rationalize their product portfolio. In Q4, the impact was even more pronounced, which further pressured results. And lastly, we continued to see pressure in flavors in China, partly due to a weaker economic environment, but also some lost business relating to the manufacturing issues we faced earlier in the year. In light of our challenging currency-neutral sales growth, we still managed to deliver strong adjusted EPS growth. In the quarter, acquisitions contributed approximately 4 percentage points to overall growth. There are two areas that I want to highlight in terms of our top line in the quarter. The first is Latin America flavors, where we continue to benefit from our industry-leading delivery system technology and take market share from our competition. Also in Latin America, fine fragrance has returned to growth in the fourth quarter as volume erosion appears to be normalizing and we continue to win new business as we significantly outperform the market. From a profit perspective, consolidated adjusted operating profit on a currency-neutral basis increased 3% and adjusted operating profit margin expanded 40 basis points, as gross margin expansion, the benefits of productivity initiatives, M&A, and reduced incentive compensation drove results. Below the line, currency-neutral adjusted EPS increased 9%, thanks in large part to a lower adjusted effective tax rate, down 210 basis points and an 830,000 share reduction in shares outstanding as a result of our share repurchase program. Despite the softer-than-expected sales and operating profit performance in Q4, we still delivered a solid financial performance on a full-year basis. Currency-neutral sales improved 5%, currency-neutral adjusted operating profit grew 8% and currency-neutral adjusted EPS increased 11%. From a cash flow perspective, our core working capital levels continued to show improvement year-over-year as a percentage of sales as our five quarter rolling average figures through the end of Q4 was down 40 basis points to approximately 28.7% of our 2015 annual sales. Much of our gains came from higher payables as a result of the concentrated efforts to improve our days payables outstanding. On a full-year basis, our DPO increased by nine days to 54 days from 45 days a year ago. Operating cash flow from operations at the end of the fourth quarter was $434 million, including an incremental $24 million pension contribution. Excluding the incremental portion of the pension contribution, adjusted operating cash flow would have increased to $458 million or 15.2% of adjusted operating cash flow as a percentage of sales. Capital expenditures for the year finished at $101 million or approximately 3.3% of sales as we continue to make investments to support our growth initiatives, principally as we finished our plants in Turkey and Indonesia. CapEx in 2015 came in below original expectations as the timing of several vendor payments will now occur in 2016. As a result, we expect 2016 CapEx will increase to around 5% of sales as we plan to make incremental investments for manufacturing in a new flavor site in China and to improve our site in India. For cash returned to shareholders, dividend payments in 2015 were $160 million. This is a direct result of a 20% increase in August as our intention was to provide a more competitive yield, approximately 2% while simultaneously balancing our growth objectives. Supplementing our dividend and remaining flexible to pursue M&A opportunities, we spent $122 million in share buybacks. Over the course of the year, we've repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares and lowered our diluted shares outstanding to 80.4 million shares. When combining both dividends and share repurchases, we achieved a 66% total payout ratio of adjusted net income, exceeding our targeted range of 50% to 60% and significantly ahead of prior year. Looking ahead for 2016, we can reiterate our targeted total payout ratio range of 50% to 60%. With that, I would like to turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thanks, Alison. As we look ahead to 2016, I want to provide an assessment of our vantage point as we stand here today. Basically, there are four key themes that we believe are relevant when planning our financial goals for 2016. From an economic perspective, there's a lot of fluidity around the world. While the developed markets of the U.S. and Western Europe appear to be improving slowly and the emerging markets, the volatility we experienced in the second half of 2015 continues. Large markets like China appear to be decelerating and Brazil continues its decline. These two markets account for approximately 15% of our total sales. With regard to multinational consumer product companies, volume expectations seem to be muted as many organizations appear to be focused on improving margins while taking pricing actions in emerging markets to protect profitability. Fortunately, regional players continue to exhibit stronger volume trends, whether it be in the U.S. or in the emerging markets. This economic uncertainty has led to sharp declines in hard commodities such as oil, which is beneficial in terms of costs. This large decline in petrochemical should help in terms of input cost, although we continue to see naturals, such as vanilla and citrus, remaining elevated. Finally, in terms of foreign exchange, the US dollar continues to strength against world currencies. This continues to be a challenge for most multinational companies based in US, both in terms of translation and transaction exposure. With all that as context, we are preparing ourselves for even more challenging conditions, given the higher level of economic uncertainty and the more cautious volume outlook of consumer packaged goods companies. We expect 3.5% to 4.5% currency-neutral sales growth, including approximately a 1.5 percentage-point contribution on the acquisitions of Ottens and Lucas Meyer. From an organic perspective, growth is expected to be largely driven by consumer fragrances, as well as Latin America and EAME and flavors. From an operating profit perspective, we expect to achieve 5% to 7% growth, inclusive of the contribution of M&A. This improvement should be a result of gross margin expansion and productivity initiatives, that more than offset the resetting of our annual incentive compensation program and investments in our strategy 2020, both of which Alison will touch on in a moment. Currency-neutral EPS growth is expected to improve by 6.5% to 8.5%, led by a modestly lower effective tax rate and the continuation of our share repurchase program. Longer term, we continue to believe that over the 2016-2020 horizon we can deliver our Vision 2020 financial targets. We believe our emphasis on building greater differentiation, specifically in R&D, should ultimately lead to higher growth rates in the years to come. And in light of the recent instability in the financial markets around the world, I want to take a moment to reemphasize that IFF is a diversified and competitively advantaged organization. Whether you analyze our portfolio by category, region, or customer, the breadth and diversity of our portfolio is great and our innovative solutions are key components of consumer staple products that enjoy long-term growth stability. We believe that our management team, as well as all IFF employees are capable of executing on our strategy 2020, to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. As we communicated at our recent Investor Day, we continue to believe that we can deliver organic currency-neutral growth - term targets of 4% to 6% growth, 7% to 9% operating profit growth, and 10% EPS growth over the course of 2016 to 2020. With that, I would like to ask Alison to provide some additional remarks on our profitability outlook and foreign exchange exposure.
Alison Cornell: Given the many moving parts, I wanted to provide additional insight and transparency into our expected profitability goal for 2016. In the table, we anchored on full-year 2015 adjusted operating profit and built out a reconciliation to bridge to 2016 operating profit. Starting with the second bar, you will note that we expect approximately a 4.5 percentage-point headwind related to the resetting of our annual incentive compensation program. For those of you who are not familiar, we at IFF are highly incentivized to deliver on our financial commitments. From time to time, there are variations in incentive compensation, as it is based on our performance relative to our annual plans. If we achieve our full-year financial targets, which are comprised of currency-neutral sales growth, gross margin as a percentage of sales, and absolute level of operating profit, and working capital as a percentage of sales, we will receive 100% of our designated payout. Should we over-perform or underperform our annual plan, our incentive compensation is adjusted higher or lower, respectively. Since in 2015, we underperformed on a few components of our plan, our payout was below 100%. Now, as we reset our targets in 2016, we budget for 100% payout, which ultimately is a driver behind the year-over-year variance. In the third bar, we've identified the incremental investments we are making in Vision 2020. These are critical strategic investments, for example, R&D, application and commercial, geared toward delivering our long-term strategic and financial objectives. As we communicated at our Investor Day, we committed to self-fund our reinvestment opportunity. In the fourth bar, you can see that we are aggressively attacking our cost base to not only cover our incremental investments, but also help to deliver on our short-term profitability objectives. In addition to our standard cost and productivity initiatives, which include the likes of formula optimization, procurement savings, and manufacturing efficiencies, we identified incremental savings opportunities via our [indiscernible] journey programs. During the fourth quarter, we established a series of initiatives that are expected to streamline our management structure, simplify decision-making and accountability, better leverage and align our capabilities across the organization, and improve our global manufacturing and operations network. As a result, the Company recorded a pretax charge of approximately $8 million to cover severance and related costs associated with expected termination, a portion of which are subject to consultation processes. The Company expects to realize pretax savings of $7 million to $9 million once fully implemented in the second half of 2017, half of which is expected to be realized in 2016, which is included in our 2016 guidance. Separately, the Company recorded a charge of approximately $7 million associated with the acceleration from 2016 to 2015 of contingent consideration payments from the Aromor acquisition that was triggered by certain of the affected positions noted above. Then, the combination of our operational performance, inclusive of M&A, is expected to deliver 4% to 7% currency-neutral operating profit growth. We expect foreign exchange, which I will discuss in greater detail in a moment, will have a five percentage-point impact, bringing our reported operating profit to be flat to up 2% in 2016. Before concluding, I would like to provide some additional insight into our foreign exchange exposure. Although 51% of our sales are to the emerging markets, not all of these sales are denominated in local currencies. For a variety of reasons, many of our sales transactions in the emerging markets occur either in US dollars or other hard currencies or are indexed to hard currencies when we have to price in local emerging-market currency. As you can see in this chart, of the 51% of our sales in 2015 that were to emerging markets, approximately 70% were denominated in US dollars or other hard currencies, leaving only 30% that are denominated in emerging-market currencies. As a result, our foreign-exchange exposure to emerging-market currencies is rather limited. This is important, especially as we continue to see the US dollar strengthen versus most emerging-market currencies. Given that fact, it's clear that the key hard currencies have the most impact on our profitability. Starting with the top box, we've listed our profitability exposure. As we progress into 2016, while the Indian rupee, Japanese yen, Thai baht, and Australian dollar are presenting modest headwinds in terms of currency, the euro is clearly the largest driver. As you can see, the devaluation of the euro versus US dollar is expected to represent approximately four out of our five percentage-point headwind in 2016. While we are hedged approximately 75% at [114] in 2016, the impact on profitability is about 2.5%, plus the year-over-year variance of the hedging benefit in 2016 versus 2015. To allow you to more accurately forecast the exchange-rate volatility, I've included our 2015 exchange rate, as well as our planning rate for 2016. We hope that by giving you these details you have greater visibility into our currency exposure, as you can calculate the percentage change in each specific currency and then multiply by the percentage of profit each currency represents. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Andreas for some concluding remarks.
Andreas Fibig: In summary, 2015 was a successful year for IFF. We were able to deliver solid financial performance, while also implementing our new Vision 2020 strategy, geared towards accelerating profitable growth, building greater differentiation, and maximizing shareholder value. Our focus now continues to be on the execution of our strategy. In addition in 2015, we integrated two acquisitions, strengthened and further prioritized our R&D initiatives, achieved our sustainability objectives, grew our talent, and invigorated IFF's brand with the launch of our new purpose statement and enhanced branding elements, all of which helps spotlight our vision, imagination, and innovative focus. Looking forward, we are committed to our long-term targets and continue to believe that over the 2016-2020 horizon we can deliver strong financial results. And while 2016 is more challenging in terms of the operating environment, we believe we can deliver solid financial results, while simultaneously reinvesting in our business. With that, I would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: Hi, good morning, everybody. I wanted to ask on cost savings. So is the plan still to have the previously announced cost savings of 1% to 2% of sales fully reinvested back into the business, given what looked in the slide that Alison was walking through that there is a 2% benefit to EBIT growth embedded in 2016 guidance? In other words, does the benefit become a drag to EBIT in 2017? And then, just more broadly on the same topic, does the current macro environment, which is clearly worse than it was in June 2015 when those original savings were outlined, require more cost savings to grow in line with long-term targets today?
Andreas Fibig: Mark, thank you for the question. Let me start and then I hand over to Alison. First of all, what we have started to be - and you have seen it in the call in terms of pretty aggressive, let's say, savings targets to make sure that we have good cost base, which will help us going forward in the years to come as well. And we will take part of it to reinvest in particular in R&D because we believe we have to build differentiation and new molecules. And as I hopefully have shown you during the presentation that we have already some early successes in terms of our pipeline, just mentioning going from two fragrance to four fragrance and new patented molecules, which will help us to grow our base over the years to come. I agree with you. The economic environment has worsened compared to, let's say, eight to nine months ago and that's the reason why we are cautious in terms of our outlook as well because the volatility is just very, very high right now. Let me hand over to Alison.
Alison Cornell: Hi, Mark. In addition to what Andreas said, the other thing that - we are being very aggressive from a cost-cutting perspective. And what you see on the bridge chart that we provided from 2015 to 2016 is one of the items that we need to cover is our bonus reset back to 1X. And so the cost-cutting is not only to cover the Vision 2020, but also to cover our bonus reset, and so we don't anticipate having that same issue as we move into 2017.
Operator: And your next question comes from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Mike Sison: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Andreas Fibig: Hi, Mike. Good morning.
Mike Sison: Andreas, when you think about 2016 and what you are hearing from your customers, is the slowdown in terms of the demand coming from less new-product starts? Is it basically just customers, their customers not buying as much? Can you maybe touch on some of the underlying dynamics of what you are seeing in terms of the slowing in the markets?
Andreas Fibig: Okay. Mike, thank you for the question. It's probably a bit of a long one to answer because a couple of the puzzle pieces we have to piece together. So if we look, for example, to fine fragrance, we can say it was a good Christmas season, so we basically saw good performance here, so we don't expect that we see a restocking effect here, so that's the first part of the business. We have a good project pipeline, particularly on the fragrance component side and also on the flavors side, so we see that this is good and very, very solid. In compounds fragrance, I would see it even over the average we have seen before. So that's good. On the flavors side, we see that projects are happening and we have projects that we have always executed by our customers, and it depends how, let's say, how much they are selling them of the product, especially on the category side. On the geographic side, what we see is US and Europe are actually pretty okay and coming back. We see a bit of a softness in particular in some of the emerging markets, like China, and we should not forget that if we look at our customers, in particular the big CPG customers, that the outlook for volume is relatively muted. The good thing is, we don't see this with all of our regional and local customers, and as you know our customer split is 50-50 with the big clients and the small ones. So bit of a long-winded answer, but they are really different pieces to be looked at for 2016. I hope that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks. Good morning. Just first following up on that, my sense is that the CPG customers, that at least over the last six months, I mean, their outlook certainly haven't improved, but I don't really feel like there's been that much change in their outlook in terms of global market growth or volume growth. Maybe that it's not getting better as quickly as they had hoped, but it certainly doesn't sound to me like it's worse. So, I'm wondering if you are also seeing end-market demand slow for those regional and local customers that the macro is now trickling into total market demand, not just a bit of the share shift that you had seen happening. So that was my first question. The second was on the decision to invest in the new China flavor facility. How does that tie into the existing manufacturing plant or I guess there's two, but the one where you had kind of the emissions issues this summer? If you can just give us a little more color on that, it would be great. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: Let me start probably with the flavors plant first in China. We have made the decision that we will invest in the second plant. We plan to start groundbreaking at the end of the year and that will deliver us with, let's say, a backup plan for China for a market where we still believe we have to be present with a second plant for the volume. So that's actually on track. On our existing flavors plant, you know we had – earlier last year, we had the odor issue and we have salted so far on the flavors side, so that's working. We are back with our manufacturing. But having said all that, that has cost us some business over the course of 2015. Coming back to your first question, what we see is a deceleration of order patterns with our global customers and that's something which is certainly impacting the business. It depends certainly customer by customer and region by region, so we really have to go into more of a detail. But still for the smaller regional and local customers, it's – I would say the assessment stage that you have a couple of companies which have passed their growth here, and that's actually good for us because we do significant business with these customers as well. I hope that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heidi Vesterinen with Exane.
Heidi Vesterinen: Hi, if you could go back to slide 10, please I wondered if there is any chance you could break out how much growth you lost from each of the headwinds that you've identified, just to get some color on what had the most impact please. Thank you.
Michael Deveau: This is Mike, Heidi. So on slide – just to confirm, greater insight into Q4 2015 sales, okay. So we will address it that way, just from a deceleration perspective. I think, Alison, the question was about, in the bullet points we have here, kind of a standard value associated to each one of them to show part of the [indiscernible] in the quarter.
Alison Cornell: I'd say from an attribution perspective, the 53rd week we said in the quarter accounts for a 200 basis point deterioration and of that, there's 600 basis points associated with the month of December. And then beyond that in terms of timing of order patterns, that's about I'd say one percentage point, and then I'd say the difference between the portfolio rationalization I'd say – China flavors is maybe 1.2 and then the difference is the portfolio rationalization. So those are the big chunks that we tried to outline.
Operator: And your next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: Yes, hi. Thank you. Good morning. So I have a couple of questions. The first question is, do you think you are losing share to some of your larger competitors? Because I know we talked about before how if you look at their organic growth, their definition is a little bit different than yours. But in talking to them, we've tried to quantify the difference and it seems like they are doing a lot better than you even on a two-year stacked basis in various sort of geographies and categories. And I'm particularly interested in China because they have been talking up China and telling investors that China is coming back and they are doing a lot better with the local regional players. So that indicates that you are losing share, so I just wonder if you can shed some light on that and if you are concerned about that.
Andreas Fibig: Let me start and then hand over to Alison. Faiza, thank you for the question. First of all, we don't believe that we are losing share. In contrary, we believe that we win share. Particularly in some of the major categories, we are actually very, very strong. If we factor in the year-ago comparison, so for the year, and we believe actually that going forward that this trend will continue. In particular regarding China, we see a slowdown in the economy, but maybe Alison might comment on this one as well.
Alison Cornell: So I'd say it's probably two pieces from China. We see a deceleration of orders and we think that initially had to do with our odor abatement issues that we experienced. But beyond that, our current pipeline is lower from a new brief perspective because we believe our clients are concerned a bit about not having a backup site in China and looked for alternative suppliers in the short term. We believe once we rectify that issue, there will be no issue from a volume perspective. I think beyond that, I wanted to add to Andreas' comment about giving on FX. Because the way that our clients or our competitors measure, they actually take the benefit of pricing in terms of their growth rate and so it's not really an apples-to-apples comparison as reported. So you need to essentially factor the results down by maybe one-third to have an apples-to-apples comparison. If you do that, you will see on a full-year basis we are in fact performing better than our competition. The other distinction I wanted to make was when commenting in terms of China and share and briefs, the comment is in particular to flavors and not fragrance because we are growing in the fragrance space in China.
Operator: And your next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Good morning.
Michael DeVeau: Hi, John.
Andreas Fibig: Hi.
John Roberts: Do we have any other contingent payments from Ottens or Lucas Meyer ahead, and is Aromor now fully paid for?
Alison Cornell: So to answer your question, no, there are no other contingent payments associated with any of that – any of our acquisitions and Aromor is fully paid for.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. I have a question about your current assets. Your sales growth year-over-year was down 5%, but your receivables are up 9% and your inventories are up 4%, 4% and 9%. Why is that? And does that mean you have to really produce a lot less in the first quarter to get your inventories back in line?
Alison Cornell: So a couple things, so we had the impact of acquisitions. That was one item related to that. We had an increase in inventories – one associated with acquisitions, but also associated with the building of our Turkey and Indonesia plants where we ramped up over time and we expect to ramp that back down. And then from a receivables perspective, we also had an additional DSO increase associated with the extra week of sales that we had in 2014 versus 2015. So those are, I would say, the big three moving parts.
Andreas Fibig: There were a couple of events, which will be not repeated in the current year, like the inventory from the acquisitions, for example.
Alison Cornell: Right.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: Hi, John.
John Roberts: Hi. That’s okay. Fragrance ingredients seems like it's stepping down again here. Do you think it will decline further sequentially, or is it going to stabilize quickly and we go through four quarters of difficult comps and then maybe we'll start to see some growth after we anniversary the step-down?
Andreas Fibig: A very, very good, good question, and we have a lot of, let's say, focus on our fragrance ingredients business here. First of all, let me say that it's around about 9% of our total sales and the majority of our production, so greater than 60%, is used for internal consumption, which is kind of a strategic vertical integration component of the fragrance compounds business. And the base fragrance ingredients business was negative and of course were largely related to the portfolio [indiscernible] by one – actually, our largest fragrance ingredients customers, and that will be not repeated. So, we don't expect another big step-down coming our way.
Alison Cornell: Just to clarify, Q1 will continue to be challenged, and then you will see the lapse, if you will, that you spoke to in your question occur in Q2, and then we should be good from there.
Operator: And your next question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark Astrachan: Thanks for the follow-up. I'm curious what underlying assumption is embedded in your sales growth outlook for the overall flavor and fragrance category for 2016. And then, just wanted to try to understand a bit on the progression as well. So I get it – October and November are better, December worse sequentially, but that was sort of before some of the global markets started to do what they've done over the last six weeks. So curious to what you're seeing from a quarter standpoint and maybe how you think about progression of sales growth through the year to get to your guidance.
Andreas Fibig: Okay, Mark. Let me start with the first piece on the market growth. What we certainly see is the deceleration in the flavors market in general followed by 0.5% to 1%. The market on the fragrance side is kind of stable. That's what we see in the environment. And let me comment on the first, let's say, the first quarter of 2016 is we started actually off the month, January, well, growing low single digits, but this is month of January and we remain cautious in the first quarter as we are comparing to our very strong year-ago period where we had the growth of flavors 9% and fragrances of 5%. So we had an okay start, but, as we said before, we have to be very cautious because the volatility is very high at the moment.
Alison Cornell: And to comment as well, we talked about changing order patterns from a client perspective. I'd say we are experiencing more volatile order patterns, and so our visibility is, I'd say, a bit lower than we've historically experienced.
Operator: And we have a question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Hi. If I could follow up, could you compare the pricing trends in the flavor business and the fragrance business? Sort of which pricing trend does better and which is worse, and just some rough idea of magnitudes. And then, secondly, the euro is now $1.13. So if the euro stayed at $1.13, how does that change your FX calculations for 2016?
Alison Cornell: So, let me start with your second question…
Jeff Zekauskas: Sure.
Alison Cornell: … with the euro. We would see upside of a few million dollars in our forecast, based on an average rate of $1.05 for the year, and so it depends on how long the euro stays at $1.13 and really how it plays out across the year. But just assuming at this point it stays at that, it is a potential upside of a few million dollars. Going to your first question in terms of flavors versus fragrance, I would say fragrance from a pricing perspective is more pressured on the ingredients side, where flavors, I'd say, has more opportunity to increase.
Operator: At this time, I will turn the call back over to Andreas for closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah, thank you very much for all the good questions, and I would like to close the call right now and wish you a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-10 10:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances' Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. Participants will be announced by their name and company. In order to give all participants an opportunity to ask their questions, we request a limit of one question per person. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Vice President, Global Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you. Good morning, good afternoon and good evening everyone. Welcome to IFF's third quarter 2015 conference call. Yesterday we distributed press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded and will be available for replay. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we'll be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to our outlook for the fourth quarter and full-year of 2015. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on March 2, 2015 and our press release that we filed yesterday. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which excludes those items that we believe affects comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; our Executive Vice President and CFO, Alison Cornell; our Group President of Flavors, Matthias Haeni; and our Group President of Fragrances, Nicolas Mirzayantz. We will start with prepared remarks from Andreas and Alison and then the entire team will be available for any questions that you may have. Before turning the call over to Andreas, I would like to let you know that we continue to explore options to improve our liquidity on Euronext Paris. We remain optimistic that we can enhance our liquidity on Euronext to allow more European investors access to our shares. We will continue to keep you updated on our progress as we move forward. With that, I would now like to now introduce our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Mike. I would like to start by providing an executive overview of our operational performance this quarter. In addition, similar how we structured the quarter two conference call, I want to provide an update on the execution of our four-pillar Vision 2020 strategy. Once finished, I'll ask Alison to review our financial results in greater detail, including the specifics on each business unit; as well as our cash flow statement and our outlook for the balance of the year. I'm pleased to report that our financial results for the third quarter accelerated versus our second quarter performance. Both in terms of currency-neutral sales and currency-neutral adjusted operating profit growth, as we continue to benefit from diversity of our business as well as our recent acquisitions. Currency-neutral sales in the third quarter improved 7%, including approximately 3 percentage point relating to the acquisition of Ottens Flavors and Lucas Meyer Cosmetics. Organic top-line performance, which increased 4% this quarter, continued to be driven by new wins, particularly in Fragrance Compounds by the contribution of new wins were the highest level in nearly two years. This was favorable to profitability as adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS both grew 10% on a currency-neutral basis. On a year-to-date base, results remain strong, as currency-neutral sales growing 6% comprised of 8% growth in Flavors and 5% growth in Fragrances. For the first nine months in 2015, consolidated adjusted operating profit increased 9% on currency-neutral basis, driven by sales growth, the benefit of productivity programs and manufacturing and RSA cost leverage. Complementing our expansion in gross margin and adjusted operating profit margin, lower interest expense, a more favorable effective tax rate and the reduction of our shares outstanding led to an 11% increase in our currency-neutral adjusted EPS. From a strategic perspective, I would like to talk about a couple of areas. In the areas where we are targeting a market leadership position defined by number one or two market share position, we believe we are taking the right steps to deliver on our ambition of accelerated growth. North America, the Flavors team has done a nice job integrating our recent acquisition of Ottens Flavors, leveraging their defined go-to-market strategy, which focuses on winning with key regional accounts in the U.S. Our Flavors North America business was up 19%. In Flavors Latin America, our proprietary delivery system continues to perform well, as evident with its eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. The third quarter growth was very strong, up 20% on a currency-neutral basis. Within Fragrance, North America Fragrance Compounds grew 7%, with 8% growth in Consumer Fragrances and a 4% growth in Fine Fragrance. The quarter three sub category performance that we're most notable in North America were Hair Care and Home Care both of which grew double digits, plus Fabric Care which grew high-single digits. The third quarter, China Fragrances, another area where we have ambitions to accelerate growth grew 6% on a currency-neutral basis, as we continue to have success with many of the strong regional Consumer Fragrance brands. From a category perspective, Home Care, another area of focus for us, improved high single-digits globally, on a currency neutral basis, led by double-digit growth in North America and Latin America. Delivery systems across both Flavors and Fragrance continues to drive growth. The strong trends in Fabric Care and Beverage continued in the third quarter, driven by our industry-leading encapsulation technology in Fragrances and proprietary delivery systems in Flavors. Fabric Care grew double-digits on a currency-neutral basis in the third quarter, with all geographic markets posting strong growth. This is a direct result of our differentiated encapsulation technology. Given our success in Fabric Care, we have begun to expand into other categories as well. In the third quarter, while still early in terms of strategic execution, we have seen strong results in encapsulation-related sales in Toiletries and Home Care, both which grew double digits. Supporting the expansion of this technology into more categories, our R&D team developed the next generation capsule technology that allows us to further penetrate personal care applications. This technology should allow us to efficiently customize solutions to deliver Fragrance at the points desired by consumers. In Fragrances, building on our legacy of pioneering first, one of our Vision 2020 goals is to launch more new captive molecules to give our perfumers a competitive edge, when creating the next-generation fragrance. Tracking this initiative, we have recently launched two new highly-anticipated ingredients to our perfumers, cosmo fruit (07:48), which is a high impact complex fruity note with spicy undertones and crystal fizz, which is a watery, fresh, aldehydic note to be used internally by our perfumers as exclusive IFF molecules, which we are not selling externally. And as we look to the fourth quarter, we expect to commercialize two additional molecules, which would bring our commercialized molecules to four this year. If successful, this would effectively put us on track to double our annual Fragrance molecule output average over the past decade, providing us with greater confidence in our accelerated growth ambition. As I mentioned, moments ago in Flavors, our proprietary delivery system continues to perform well. This technology expanding beyond just Latin America with proprietary delivery system-related sales growing strong double-digits globally. Sales of our Sweetness and Savory Modulation portfolio continue to produce strong results, increasing strong double-digits. The categories where we had the most success were Savory, Dairy and Beverage, as our innovative solutions are allowing our customers to meet the demands of the consumers who are looking for better-for-you products, including reduced sugar and salt. To complement this, I'm pleased to announce that we have also commercialized a new natural taste modulator, the second one this year, which is a sour masker designed to reduce the salt perception without the changing the product's acidity, particularly useful for yogurts and juice applications. This addition will strengthen our modulation capabilities as it provides our flavors, a more competitive palate to build winning solutions. Building on our robust technology pipeline is critical. The third quarter is an example that we're making strong progress against key initiatives that will lead to greater differentiation and ultimately accelerated growth. In addition to the strides we have made from market share and innovation perspective, we also made progress in our never-ending quest to become our customers' partner of choice. To meet the growing trends in naturals, in October 2015, IFF-LMR Naturals received its fourth For Life Social Responsibility designation, this time in cooperation with our Vetiver partner in Haiti. The For Life designation recognizes an organization's adherence to specific sustainability criteria, including transparency, environmental responsibility, fair working conditions and positive relations with producers and local communities. This recognition comes after the certification of IFF-LMR Naturals for the rose supply chain in Turkey and its patchouli basil supply chain in Madagascar. When it comes to sustainability, we won't accept the status quo. Recently we became the first Flavors and Fragrance company to join TfS and enter into growing consortium of multinational companies committed to ensuring sustainable practices throughout the supply chain. We also were recognized by the CDP, earning a perfect score of 100 in disclosure and an A in performance for its strategies and actions to mitigate climate change. Sustainability is foundational to our Vision 2020 business strategy, and we are committed to embedding sustainability throughout our business practices and our corporate culture for the years to come. We also won the North America innovation award with one of our largest Flavors customers, which recognizes partners for their thought leadership. In addition, Estée Lauder also presented us with their Supplier Excellence award, an achievement designed to acknowledge their top performing business partners. I'm pleased to also announce that at the 2015 In-Cosmetics Asia Lucas Meyer Cosmetics won the Gold Award for the Innovation Zone Best Active Ingredients with Exo-P, a patented ingredient designed to rapidly improve dull skin for healthy looking complexion in only seven days. And also won the Gold Award of Innovation Zone Best Functional Ingredient with Lecigel, an ingredient scientifically measured using various techniques developed by specialists in psychology and neuroscience, which provides a positive emotion upon application. With a focus on the future and in terms of business participation in the years to come, we also reaffirmed and expanded our core list status with key Flavors customers, two based in North America and one globally; and also our largest Fragrance customer in the third quarter. As you know, core lists are paramount to winning future business within our industry. Being added to a new core list shows that we are able to bring the right R&D capabilities, consumer insights, regulatory requirements and customers' trust needed to create the winning products in the marketplace. During the second quarter and third quarter, we completed two acquisitions, which focus on strengthening and expanding our portfolio. I'm pleased to report that both acquisitions are performing very well. Ottens Flavors' organic sales on a standalone basis increased low double-digits, above our North American base business, which improved sequentially. And Lucas Meyer Cosmetics achieved strong double-digit currency-neutral sales growth on a standalone basis. We believe these results are good indications that we are putting our capital to work to drive accelerated performance in terms of growth and return. Following the end of the third quarter, we also announced the partnership with Vapor Communications to pioneer the digital future of scent. Combining certain Vapor software and hardware scent platform with IFF scent technology and expertise, the collaboration is anticipated to bring mobile scent experiences to consumers. And while this is an initial step, we believe the technologies developed by Vapor Communications to play an important role in our larger digital scent journey and Vision 2020. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Alison, who will take you through the financials in greater detail.
Alison A. Cornell: Thank you, Andreas. Looking at our third quarter results, similar to what I did on our Q2 conference call, I want to continue to lay out a bridge from our adjusted financial results to our adjusted currency-neutral results. In the first column, which is inclusive of currency, sales contracted by 1%, while adjusted operating profit increased 7% and adjusted EPS grew 5%. Consistent with what we communicated previously, in the third quarter, we benefited from our euro transactional hedging program, which ultimately protected our euro-denominated profits. Including this benefit, our growth rate in terms of adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS accelerated to 7% and 5% versus the 1% and 4% we reported in the first half respectively. Yet, even with the benefits of hedging, foreign exchange still proved to be a headwind in the third quarter, as the U.S. dollar remains strong against many global currencies. From a sales adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS perspective, currency represented an 8 percentage point, 3 percentage point and 5 percentage point impact respectively. On a currency-neutral basis, we continued to deliver strong results, achieving leverage within our P&L with sales improving 7% and adjusted operating profit growing 10%. The increase in adjusted operating profit was driven by gross margin expansion and cost leverage, which led to an approximately 50 basis point improvement in currency-neutral adjusted operating profit margin. Currency-neutral adjusted EPS also improved by 10%, as the year-over-year decrease in our average shares outstanding resulting from our share repurchase program offset a slightly higher effective tax rate and an increase in interest expense relating to both of our acquisitions. The acquisitions we made earlier this year are adding to our performance, evidence that we are investing in strategic value add opportunities that deliver high returns. In the third quarter, the acquisitions of Ottens and Lucas Meyer added approximately 3 points to currency-neutral sales growth, about 2 points to currency-neutral adjusted operating profit, and 3 points to currency-neutral adjusted EPS growth. It should be noted that the amortization of intangibles relating to the Ottens and Lucas Meyer acquisitions represented about $3.5 million in the quarter. If we add this back to understand the cash component of the business, adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS growth would have improved another two percentage points to 12% respectively on a currency-neutral basis. Pausing here, I would like to provide you with some insight into the trends we saw throughout the quarter. In September, while at a sell-side investor conference, I made some cautionary comments relating to our organic business. Following the Chinese currency devaluation, we saw several customers take a more cautious approach to managing their inventory, which ultimately meant sequential softness as we progress through the quarter. This perpetuated, particularly in emerging markets, which while still positive, up 3% in Q3, was slower than our first half performance of 8%, despite relatively strong performance in Latin America. And while we remain fully committed to the long-term growth of these key markets, in the short-term, we're working to manage the uncertainty and focusing on the levers we can pull to deliver results and strengthen our business. Fortunately, we experienced strong orders the last week of the quarter, leading to the 4% organic growth rate we reported in Q3, ahead of where we thought we would finish the quarter. Turning to business unit performance; Flavors posted its 43rd consecutive quarter of growth, increasing 8%, including approximately 4.5 percentage points relating to the acquisition of Ottens Flavors. All categories experienced broad-based growth, with the strongest results in Beverage and Dairy. In our Europe, Africa and Middle East region, sales increased 4%, led by high-single digit growth in Beverage. Western Europe reported the highest growth, improving 9%, driven by strong new win performance. North America grew 19%, reflecting additional sales related to the acquisition of Ottens Flavors and high double-digit growth in Dairy. If we exclude the benefit of Ottens, organic performance improved sequentially versus Q2, up low-single digits. Latin America increased 20%, as all categories reported positive growth. The strong double-digit trend in Beverage continued for the eighth consecutive quarter, led by our proprietary delivery system. Savory and Dairy also grew double-digits, as a result of strong new win performance, which leverages our proprietary delivery system, as well as our modulation portfolio. Greater Asia remained constant, as growth in Indonesia, India, Singapore and Japan was offset by softness in China, which was primarily driven by a challenging economic environment. Flavors' currency-neutral segment profit improved approximately 9%, as gross margin expansion and cost and productivity benefit more than offset the inclusion of amortization of intangibles related to the acquisition of Ottens Flavors. This led to a 10 basis point improvement in operating profit margin, despite incremental cost in Q3 relating to the China order issue. If we exclude this impact, our operating margin would have expanded by 80 basis points in the third quarter, or growth would have been 12%. It should be noted, however, that we expect a portion of this expense to continue as we work through this issue. Specifically in Q4, we would expect the similar impact in terms of expense as we experienced in Q3. Fragrances' currency-neutral sales improved 6%, including approximately 2 percentage points associated with the acquisition of Lucas Meyer Cosmetics, with all regions posting growth, led by high single-digit growth in Latin America and mid-single digit improvement in Greater Asia. From a category perspective, Fine Fragrance was up 1%, led by Europe, Africa and the Middle-East, which improved 5%, as a result of very strong pipeline of new wins, including Olympea by Pouge (21:23) from Paco Rabanne; Bosta Scent (21:25) by Procter and Gamble; La Vie Belle Intense by Lancôme from L'Oréal; and Jimmy Choo Illicit by Interparfums. In Latin America, economic conditions, particularly in Brazil continue to have an impact on discretionary spending and ultimately our Fine Fragrance performance. Yet, while sales were down, they improved versus the second quarter. And even as the economy is soft, we continue to see our win rate remain high, which we believe will support our market leadership position as the economy stabilizes. I also want to put our Fine Fragrance results in Greater Asia into perspective relative to our global Fragrance business. Proportionately, Greater Asia Fine Fragrances represented approximately 2% of our global Fine Fragrance sales, which means quarterly order patterns can have a substantial impact on growth rates as it did in Q1, when Fine Fragrance in Greater Asia was up almost 40%. And as the market is relatively small in terms of per capita usage now, we believe it will increase over time as we stated in our Vision 2020 strategy. For the 16th consecutive quarter, Consumer Fragrances continued to grow, up 7% with mid-to-high single-digits in every region in broad-based category growth led by double-digit growth in Fabric Care and high-single-digit growth in Hair Care. In Fabric, thanks in large part to our local knowledge as a consumer and our encapsulated technology, growth was the strongest in Greater Asia, where we are wining with local customers. And in Hair Care, growth was the best in Latin America, as we have the ability to offer exceptional fragrances in non-traditional categories that meet the consumers' desire for lower-cost alternatives. Fragrance Ingredients sales were up 6%, driven by the acquisition of Lucas Meyer Cosmetics, which closed on July 30. Sales related to cosmetic actives grew high double-digits in Brazil, Japan, Indonesia and the U.S., all a result of new wins. Our base Fragrance Ingredients business, which as a reminder are the external sales that we do not use for our internal compounds production, remained soft, reflecting more challenging market conditions, including our largest Fragrance Ingredients customer rationalizing their portfolio, as well as our prioritization of capacity to further strengthen our internal Fragrance Compounds business as evidenced by high-single digit internal demand growth. On a profit perspective, Fragrance currency-neutral segment profit improved approximately 15%, driven by volume growth and benefits from cost and productivity initiatives. This performance, plus lower incentive compensation expense, led to over 150 basis point improvement in operating profit margin. From a cash flow perspective, our core working capital levels continued to show improvement as a percentage of sales versus the same period in 2014, as our five quarter rolling average figure through the end of the third quarter was down 80 basis points to approximately 28.8% of our trailing 12-month sales. All of our gains versus the first nine months of 2014 came from lower payables, as our days payable outstanding increased 9% versus the same period a year ago. Operating cash flow from operations at the end of the third quarter was $295 million, including an incremental $27 million pension contribution so far this year. Excluding the incremental pension contribution, operating cash flow would have increased to $322 million, or 40 basis points in terms of adjusted operating cash flow as a percentage of sales, from 13.6% during the first nine months of 2014 to 14% for the equivalent period in 2015. Looking at our uses of cash, capital expenditure on a year-to-date basis have been $67 million or 2.9% of sales, as we continue to make investments to support our growth initiatives. Principally, as we finish our plants in Turkey and Indonesia, and while we are a little low on a capital spend year-to-date relative to our full year guidance, we expect to finish approximately 4.5%, as spending traditionally flows through during the fourth quarter each year. For cash returned to shareholders, we expect to continue to deliver a total payout ratio in line with our 50% to 60% target, all while maintaining financial flexibility to capitalize upon organic growth opportunities and value-creating M&A. Dividend payments year-to-date have been $114 million, following our 20% increase this past August. Share repurchases at the end of the quarter were $81 million, allowing us to buy back approximately 726,000 shares at an average price of $111.88 per share. Please note that as of Friday, we have repurchased approximately $21 million of shares since the end of the quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to $102 million. From a guidance perspective, we are reconfirming our full-year 2015 guidance, despite the challenging year ago fourth quarter comparison, which includes approximately 200 basis points of growth related to the 53rd week, as well as continued market uncertainty, which is leading to volatility in order patterns for many of our multinational customers. Despite continued growth in Latin America and Europe, Africa and the Middle East driven by new wins, our core Flavor business is expected to be soft in the fourth quarter. In North America, we expect pressure due to a higher level of volume erosion as businesses we won in previous years are not performing at the same levels as they have historically. We are also seeing general volume weakness in North America, with several of our food and beverage customers reporting volume challenges. In Greater Asia, we expect similar trends through the third quarter as we believe the economic uncertainty in China will continue to impact our business. In core Fragrances, we expect continued pressure in Fragrance Ingredients, primarily related to the largest customer continuing its rationalization of their portfolio. In Fragrance Compounds, we expect our strong year-ago comparison, the weakness in the Brazilian economy, and our strong year-to-date performance, particularly in Consumer Fragrances will lead to growth moderating in Q4. Fortunately, we expect a benefit from our recent acquisitions, which we believe should lead to moderate currency-neutral sales growth in the fourth quarter. In terms of profitability, on a full-year basis, we continue to believe we can achieve approximately 9% growth on a currency-neutral basis. The drivers for our profitability performance include top-line growth, benefits of productivity initiatives, lower incentive compensation expense and the inclusion of acquisitions. Bridging our performance to include the impact of currency, the strengthening U.S. dollar versus many global currencies will have an impact. The weakening euro versus the U.S. dollar, which represents our large currency exposure at about 40% of operating profit is expected to have the greatest impact. In addition, several other currencies were small in terms of profitability exposure as all weakened considerably versus the U.S. dollar and are collectively pressuring profitability. Mitigating this exposure, we expect approximately a 3 percentage point gain from our transactional euro-hedging program. Incorporating the foreign exchange impact on our full-year guidance, we would expect reported sales to be down approximately 1%, including approximately a 7 percentage point impact from currency, as we do not hedge our translational exposure. From an adjusted operating profit perspective, we expect about a 4% increase, despite an approximately 5 percentage point headwind of currency. With that, I would like to turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Alison. I briefly want to reiterate that despite ongoing volatility in several key markets around the world, we were able to deliver strong financial results in the third quarter, thanks in large part to the diversity of our business, as well as the benefits associated with our recent acquisitions. Also, based on our strong year-to-date results and our outlook for the fourth quarter, we continue to believe we can deliver 6% currency-neutral sales growth and approximately 9% adjusted operating profit growth both on a currency-neutral basis. Going forward, continuing our execution of Vision 2020 is a top priority for us. Vision 2020 is focused on increasing differentiation, accelerating profitable growth and creating shareholder value. All three of which we believe are achievable in the years to come. With that, I would now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: . And your first question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan: Yeah, thanks and good morning everybody. Wanted to get some clarity on the fourth quarter expectations from a revenue standpoint. So, if you back out the benefit of acquisitions, are you talking about flattish organic like-for-like, however you want to think about it, sales growth? And then sort of more broadly elaborating on sales growth, I know it's early, but how do you think about 2016 just broadly given continued pressure from customer volumes, as well as the tough first quarter comparisons?
Alison A. Cornell: So, Mark, from a Q4 perspective, we expect to be flat to slightly positive. We have our first month of orders in, which are positive and although one month doesn't make the quarter, it reflects positive results there. If we look into 2016, specifically Q1, while we're still in our budget process, remember in Q1 of 2016 we're facing our toughest comps year-on-year in terms of growth comparison, specifically in, say, Flavors where we grew 9% in Q1 of 2015. So at this point in time as we enter the year we're facing our toughest comps and so we expect Q1 to be challenging. But as we traditionally do expect to share more in our February call regarding our 2016 full-year guidance.
Mark S. Astrachan: Okay. Just elaborating on that though, again preliminary as it is, do you expect long-term targets to be attainable given what's going on from a customer standpoint?
Alison A. Cornell: I mean, at this point, as I mentioned, we're still in our budget process and we really don't want to comment further on 2016.
Mark S. Astrachan: Okay. Fair enough. Just quickly on gross margin. So ex the hedge gain this year, will gross margin – would it still be positive in 2015 and then how do you think about expansion on a longer-term basis if you normalize for that and say on a longer-term basis how should we think about gross margins?
Alison A. Cornell: So, Mark, let me talk first about – so in Q3, our adjusted gross profit margin expanded 170 basis points. And this was driven by our currency heading benefits, as we hedge our raw material purchases to protect our transactional exposure, as well as our cost and productivity savings, volume growth and mix improvement. In Q3, there was roughly a $9.5 million benefit from our hedge, which was included in the gross – in our gross profit. This accounted for the majority of the expansion, but there was also benefit, as I mentioned, from cost and productivity savings, volume growth and mix improvement. As we move into Q4, we expect our currency hedging benefit to be a little less than half of the expansion in Q4, with the other half coming from cost and productivity savings initiatives, minus volume growth and M&A. We believe that our – there is sustainability of gross margin expansion, excluding the FX hedge, as we enter into Q4. As we look in 2016, from a raw materials' perspective, based on what we've seen so far, it's similar to 2015, where we've seen naturals are up, synthetics are slightly down and if anything we're probably flat to slightly up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Thanks, good morning.
Andreas Fibig: Good morning.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Good morning. So just speaking following on that question. In the Q, there was a mention of some derivative gains that are going to be reclassified as income next year. So does that also flow through gross margin, so maybe kind of takes the place of these raw material hedging gains?
Alison A. Cornell: So, Lauren, let me talk a bit about that. And so, we indicated on our Investor Day that we intended to finance our M&A activity through balance sheet leverage. And so between Ottens and Lucas Meyer acquisitions, we executed about $500 million in acquisitions. Initially these were paid for using our existing credit facility and on-hand cash, and now we're looking at longer-term financing opportunities to better align our maturities with the nature of those acquisition. So in September, we entered into interest swaps in anticipation of a long term debt financing and the deferred charges in that table and our 10-Q are being accounted for right now as a hedging instrument, as they are related to these swaps. We still are in the process of evaluating our options for financing and at this point, we haven't finalized the timing or nature of the financing and we expect to have more clarity on that in Q1 of next year.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Okay. That's great. But is that also – does that conversation cover, I think there was like $8.7 million that was in comprehensive income that was called out as being reclassified over the next 12 months. Are those the swaps?
Michael DeVeau: Lauren, it's Mike. It's okay. Maybe just as I go through the Q, maybe we can touch base offline on that, I'm not sure...
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Yes, absolutely.
Michael DeVeau: We're following from that point (37:02). Okay.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Absolutely. Okay. And then just on Asia Flavors, so I was surprised that flat just felt very strong to me given the commentary at our conference in September and I know, Alison, you talked about strong orders the last week of the quarter. Was that comment specific to Asia Flavors and what have you seen from those customers in the first month? You said that overall orders were up, but I just wondered about the volatility or choppiness of orders from that particular customer base you've been concerned about.
Alison A. Cornell: So, Lauren, you did comment – we did experience softness in China, so if you looked at China by itself, as a subset for Greater Asia in Flavors, it was negative growth. Why it looks flat is because there was offsetting growth in Indonesia, India, Singapore and Japan. And so that's really why it looks flat. I'll ask, Matthias to comment on what we've seen so far in October in terms of the customer make-up.
Matthias Haeni: Well, Lauren, good morning. We have seen a very similar pattern also in the first month of the quarter. I think we made good in-road with new business in all the markets, Alison just referred to, yet we see also continuous challenges in China. We expect that these challenges will continue throughout the quarter, and we're working very diligently with the team, with our customers to strengthen our business in China. And we're still good and confident that we will see a reverse situation in the quarters to come.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Okay, great. And then just finally on Fine Fragrance, you called out some of the strength, some of the pipeline still on really great new wins in Europe. So does the outlook sort of assume that all the sell-in is kind of done that would cover holiday sell-through of those wins?
Andreas Fibig: Nicolas?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Hi, Lauren. This is Nicolas.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Hi.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Yes, you're right, very strong pipeline of the new wins, and as you pointed out, it's really to cover the period of Christmas. So according to the way the sales progress at the retail level, we will see what will be the replenishment (39:17) from our customers.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Okay, great. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you.
Alison A. Cornell: Thanks.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Mike Sison of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Michael J. Sison: Hey, good morning. Nice quarter.
Andreas Fibig: Good morning.
Alison A. Cornell: Thank you.
Michael J. Sison: Just trying to getting a feel for the tempo of demand. It looks – I think you sort of noted that fourth-quarter currency adjusted sales growth will be slower. So what are your customers telling you? Are things actually slowing or stable? Just trying to get an understanding in both Flavors and Fragrances where the tempo of demand is headed.
Andreas Fibig: Mike, this is Andreas, I'm taking that. What we see is that for some of our – particularly our global customers the volumes are slowing, but it's actually not a one-fits-all answer, because we see in some areas like still Latin America on the Flavor side, we see strong growth as in the third quarter, which is really double digit. We see countries in Asia with strong growth for both businesses. And we see Europe at least on, for our business, recovering as well. So at the end of the day, it's a very mixed picture region-by-region. The only thing which is probably universal is that the volume for some of the global customers is really challenged. So that's how I would comment on that one, so it's very different and it depends also on the technologies and let me elaborate on that. If you have a technology, which helps the customers to grow the business like our Sweetness Modulation for example, which we are selling very well or the encapsulation on the Fragrance side, then the wins are strong and you really can even against the market trends make great strides. I know it's probably not a general satisfying answer, but it's a very diverse picture we are dealing with here.
Michael J. Sison: Okay. I understand. And then your acquisitions have performed really well, it seems. Can you talk about your pipeline given that could be a good use of cash and growth going forward?
Andreas Fibig: So, you mean the pipeline for M&A?
Michael J. Sison: Of acquisitions, yes. Are you seeing good opportunities out there?
Andreas Fibig: So what we do is, we look at with different lenses at the market, what kind of technology would be valuable for us? Second, where do we need, let's say, a local or regional strengthening of our presence or with certain customers, and in general, good quality companies like we have done with Ottens and Lucas Meyer. So we have a good pipeline, I can't comment further on this one, but we are further looking. And the good thing is that the acquisitions are going very well in terms of the integration. So it means after many years with very little M&A activity, I think, the organization is doing very well to get these quality assets into our portfolio, and they performed actually very well. Just one remark on the skin care or active cosmetic ingredients side, we are very pleased what we see in this market segment because it has just a higher growth than our core markets. So, all-in-all very positive, we have a pipeline and we will, let's say, continue our path here.
Michael J. Sison: Great. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: Thanks very much. I just want to be sure that I can interpret your results reasonably. So what you said was that your adjusted sales were down 1% and your operating profit was up 7%. I assume that that includes the hedge gains and that if the hedge gains are excluded the operating profit is probably flat to up and in your adjusted currency neutral, where you grow sales 7% and your operating profit 10%, I assume that that excludes the hedge gains and other currency gains. Is that correct?
Alison A. Cornell: So I'm going to ask Rich O'Leary to answer that.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: Sure.
Richard O’Leary: Hey, Jeff, it's Rich. So, yeah, I think there's two things to think about. When we talk about the margin evolution because the hedge gains are in there on a reported basis, we'll show the year – we'll talk to the year-over-year impact. When we're going to currency neutral, we did what we basically do is restate last year's to reflect the current year gains. So we're stripping out the year-over-year impact and we're making consistent year-over-year from the cash flow hedging impact.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: So the hedges are – so again, so the hedges and the currency gains are stripped out of currency neutral, but the hedge gains are included in the first presentation, in the sales contracting 1% and operating profit up 7%?
Richard O’Leary: Well, on a sales basis, we don't hedge the sales line.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: Exactly right. It's really the operating profit that's the issue.
Richard O’Leary: Yeah. So on an operating profit when we talk reported-to-reported, it will have the year-over-year impact of the cash flow hedging, either gains or losses; in the case of 2015, it's gains. When we go to currency neutral, we just reflect the current year impact of the gains, so we're not having a year-over-year impact because last year's cash flow hedging impact is really related to 2013 and so we're stripping that two-year basis out.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: Right. And then in the course of the call you talked about a $9 million benefit, but when you go to the Q, it looks like it's something more like a $7 million benefit in terms of the cash flow hedging. Why the $9 million instead of the $7 million or what's the extra amount that's added on to the cash flow hedge benefit?
Richard O’Leary: Again, that's the difference between – it's more or less – it's the difference between when we're trying to reconcile – when we're trying to talk to the change year-over-year for example in gross margin. Those are reported-to-reported and that's where you have the year-over-year impact, which is the higher number. When we talk to the operating profit impact, we strip out the last year's impact.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy: Yes, hi, good morning.
Andreas Fibig: Good morning.
Michael DeVeau: Good morning, Faiza.
Faiza Alwy: Good morning. So I just had a few clarifying questions first. One, I think at the Back-to-School Conference you had talked about local currency sales growth of 6% for the year with even contribution from acquisitions and organic growth. So does that still stand or should we expect a larger contribution from organic growth now?
Alison A. Cornell: So, when I talked about even distribution at the Back-to-School Conference, I mean, some of it was relative to rounding as well. So, I would think about it as a 3.5% organic, about 2.5% acquisition related, to get to the 6%.
Faiza Alwy: Okay. Great. And then I just wanted to talk a little bit more about Latin America, particularly on the Flavors side. Some of your competitors have been talking about a potential pricing benefit in Latin America. I don't know if that's because they're euro denominated and it's different for you. So maybe if you could talk about are you able to take some pricing in certain markets or categories to offset currency?
Alison A. Cornell: So, let me start by making a comment in terms of comparison. And so when looking company-to-company, we need to make sure that things are compared on an apples-to-apples basis, organic-to-organic basis and comparable currency related to FX, because I think as reflected in reports, taken as written, they're not comparable. So I think you need to make sure before you compare two companies, you make sure that they are comparable. So with that let me ask Matthias to talk about Latin America market dynamics.
Matthias Haeni: Faiza, we're really traveling well with the many new wins, which we had this year. We also feel very confident that we will continue to commercialize many of the projects, which we have. We have an exciting project pipeline throughout the region. Yes, we face some challenges on current volumes and we will offset it however with new wins, we feel good about it. We always reported that we had very good in-roads in Beverages. We're now expanding more also into Savory, into the Dairy category. And frankly overall, we'll feel pretty good about it also in Q4.
Alison A. Cornell: If I could, just one more comment, just so you know what we do in your apples-to-apples comparison. We fully restate all currency.
Faiza Alwy: Okay. And then could you maybe just tell us what percentage of the Flavors business is LatAm or maybe what percentage of the LatAm business is Flavors just so we could size it because the growth just seems really strong at 20%, so I'm just wondering is it – if you could talk about are these local customers, sort of what the size might be, maybe expand a little bit more on that?
Michael DeVeau: Yeah, Faiza, it's Michael. I mean, we traditionally don't disclose from a Flavor standpoint our percentage of business. I think as you think about it, it's probably our smallest region with respect to the other regions that we have globally, but from a business standpoint maybe Matthias, if you want to provide additional commentary.
Matthias Haeni: Yes, Mike outlined the smallest region, yet from a growth perspective for us very sizable, very impactful. We feel very good about the in-roads we make and I'm confident that we are gaining great market share in Latin America. Again what we are reporting here is the all like-for-like, this is currency neutral, there is no element of pricing in it, but volume and new wins.
Faiza Alwy: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Feeney with Athlos.
Andreas Fibig: Hi, Jon.
Jonathan P. Feeney: Could you give us a sense how large right now the naturals business is globally for you and what its growth is and what sort of growth rate are you expecting in the naturals business across categories over the next couple of years?
Matthias Haeni: Well, from a Flavor perspective, we have probably more than 50% of all the new briefs, which we are working on are calling for natural solutions, natural Flavors. We feel excited about the many requests for natural modulators. I cannot exactly give you an indication of the overall market growth. The underlying market growth of naturals, we only realize that definitely naturals are outperforming any other product offerings in the marketplace. It's not only here in North America where more and more consumers they're looking to organics, (51:24) organic and natural. We see very same trends around the world, in Western Europe but also in many mature markets in Asia, in particular. We have also a higher win rate in naturals as such, as we are well positioned for it and frankly, we see all these requests and all these briefs as exciting opportunities for us to accelerate growth.
Jonathan P. Feeney: I got you. Thank you. Just a couple follow-ups on that, if you don't mind. You said more than 50% of all new briefs, but of the existing business can you give me a sense of how much revenue right now is going from – is in products that are already sort of meeting those kinds of natural specifications. And the second question is typically with these new briefs, does that involve a higher pricing or fully developed margin to IFF in the Flavors business as you reformulate with naturals?
Matthias Haeni: Let me take first the question on the margin profiles. Whenever we are in a position to bring technology into a product offering, we typically have a higher margin profile. When it comes to 50% plus on naturals, keep in mind that we still have a lot of developing markets where natural as such may not necessarily be the major call. I'm referring here to many developing markets also in Africa and Middle East and in many other parts of the world. To the question on what the total percentage of the portfolio of natural is all about and we are not sharing this information. We feel good about what we currently have and frankly we made very good in-roads.
Alison A. Cornell: And just to further comment in terms of model, we have a cost-plus model and relative to naturals as well.
Jonathan P. Feeney: Cost plus. So that's actually very helpful, Alison. So when you say cost plus meaning your margin in terms of dollars tends to stay flat and you charge up on that, so you might see higher – same or higher penny profit, but lower percentage margin or do you actually – when you say cost plus, is it a percentage of cost?
Alison A. Cornell: Yeah, so essentially what it means is if costs go up, the price goes up.
Jonathan P. Feeney: Right.
Alison A. Cornell: We maintain the margin.
Jonathan P. Feeney: Okay. But your – is that – I guess that's a simple question. Is it a margin expansion opportunity in terms of total dollars coming into IFF when someone replaces, typically speaking, replaces an artificial with a natural product.
Alison A. Cornell: No, not in and of itself.
Matthias Haeni: It is more important, Jon, what kind of categories, whether it is Beverage or Savory that makes a difference in terms of the portability or margin perspective. But not whether it's synthetic or natural.
Jonathan P. Feeney: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And your last question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John E. Roberts: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Andreas Fibig: Yes, good morning, John.
John E. Roberts: Sometimes your incentive compensation accruals in a quarter can be different from the other quarters, but the change in business tone in the fourth quarter, would you expect to under accrue or reverse any incentive compensation in the fourth quarter?
Alison A. Cornell: So we can say this about incentive compensation, because we do not enclose our incentive compensation numbers other than calling out a variance and so I can't give you an exact number. I would say, it's marginally favorable in Q3, but will be a larger benefit in Q4, based on our projected performance.
John E. Roberts: Okay. And then, secondly, when you talked about your global customers seeing some slowdown, it sounds like in the developed markets you're still seeing the smaller customers outperform the larger customers. I think that's a trend we've seen for several quarters now.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah. Absolutely, John. That's what we see in many markets that the smaller and regional customers have just good growth rates. And if you're with these customers and then you really can do very well – very good business. And that was actually one of the reasons why we acquired Ottens here for Flavors in the U.S. and just participating in that segment of the market, a bit better in the U.S.
John E. Roberts: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Heidi Vesterinen with Exane. Heidi, your line is open. You may need to un-mute on your end.
Heidi M. Vesterinen: Sorry, hi, I'm back. I wanted to go back to the naturals question. I heard from some other ingredients company, slightly different for Flavors, but still in naturals that a lot of the smaller companies have been faster at reformulating into naturals and we've seen a lot of reformulation announcements from the globals, but they still tend to be in the discussion or testing stage and we haven't actually seen the big volumes come through. Would you agree with this or are you already benefiting from this trend? Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: Good morning, Heidi. I totally agree and support this, I think we have seen that smaller companies are faster in the implementation and they're also much faster in the replacement of either artificial nature identical (56:56) into natural. We see them launching more innovative product solutions and we expect that the larger accounts they will follow in the quarters to come.
Heidi M. Vesterinen: Thank you.
Andreas Fibig: You're welcome.
Operator: Now, I'd like to turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Yeah, thank you very much. Thank you much for your time. Good quarter, quarter three, we are on track for year 2015, and I believe we will have a good trajectory for years to come. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau - VP, Global Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Alison A. Cornell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances Richard O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer, International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.
Analysts: Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Heidi M. Vesterinen - Exane Ltd. Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Alec Patterson - Allianz Global Investors U.S. LLC
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. Participants will be announced by their name and company. In order to give all participants an opportunity to ask their questions, we request a limit of one question per person. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Vice President, Global Corporation Communication and Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau - VP, Global Corporate Communications & Investor Relations: Thank you and good morning, good afternoon, and good evening everyone. Welcome to IFF's second quarter 2015 conference call. Yesterday, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at www.iff.com. This call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to our outlook for the third quarter and full-year 2015. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on March 2, 2015 and our press release that we filed yesterday, all of which are available on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; our Executive Vice President and CFO, Alison Cornell; our Group President of Flavors, Matthias Haeni; and our Group President of Fragrances, Nicolas Mirzayantz and our Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Rich O'Leary. We will start with prepared remarks from Andreas and Alison and then the entire team will be available for any questions that you may have. With that, I would now like to introduce our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mike. I would like to start by providing an executive overview of our operational performance this quarter. I also want to take this opportunity to reiterate our Vision 2020 strategy for those of you who were not able to attend our recent Investor Day, and then provide an update on the execution of our four-pillar strategy. Once finished, I will ask Alison to review our financial results in greater detail, including the specifics on each business unit, and take us through our outlook for the balance of the year. Before opening the call to questions, I will come back to finish up with some comments. Our financial results for the second quarter remains solid as we delivered results in line with the guidance we provided at our recent Investor Day. Currency-neutral sales improved 5%, including approximately 1 percentage point relating to the acquisition of Ottens Flavors. Our top line performance continued to be driven by new wins, which remains strong as both businesses reported solid growth. Adjusted operating profit on a currency-neutral basis grew 7% as we achieved gross margin expansion that when combined with lower research, selling and admin expense led to 40 basis points improvement in currency-neutral adjusted operating profit margin. Currency-neutral adjusted EPS improved by 10% as we gained additional leverage below the line with a lower effective tax rate and a year-over-year decrease in average shares outstanding as a result of our share repurchase program. As we are now at the midpoint of 2015, I felt it was appropriate to highlight our first half result. As you can see on the slide, all our key metrics are at or above our currency neutral long-term targets of 4% to 6% sales growth, 7% to 9% operating profit growth and 10% EPS growth. Our currency neutral sales growth in the first half was strong at 6%, with 8% growth in Flavors and 4% growth in Fragrances. Adjusted operating profit grew 9% on a currency neutral basis driven by strong sales growth, benefit of productivity programs and manufacturing and RSA cost leverage. The net result was positive as our currency neutral adjusted EPS increased 11% in the first half of 2015. At our Investor Day in June, we unveiled our Vision 2020 strategy which focuses on building greater differentiation, accelerating profitable growth and increasing shareholder value. Our strategy has four pillars, the first one, win where we compete. Our goal to achieve the number one or two market position in key markets and categories and with specific customers. For example, the North America our home market, we have an opportunity to increase our market share. We also identified that we want to win in Africa and Middle East, a new frontier in the emerging markets, relatively small now but one of the fastest growing areas in the world. There are also categories such as Home Care and Fine Fragrances as well as several customers which I cannot name but are growing well. The second pillar, innovating firsts. We are also looking to strengthen our position and drive differentiation and priority R&D platforms. During our strategy review process, we evaluated our investment in both existing and new platforms. The disciplined approach starts with our ability to determine the market size and based on the consumer need states. Next, we have (5:52) our ability to deliver innovation for each opportunity, taking into account a technical likelihood of success and commercial potential. We then conducted a full evaluation of the technology's degree of fit was in our strategy and made the decision to focus on the highest return opportunities. This includes doubling down and focusing on key initiatives such as delivery systems, modulation, new molecules and naturals across both businesses. The third one, become our customer partner of choice, IFF has always been committed to growing our customer intimacy. In Vision 2020, our goal is to take that one step further, so that we obtain commercial excellence by further providing our customers with in-depth local consumer understanding, industry-leading innovation, outstanding service and the highest-quality product. This, in turn, should allow us to become an essential partner and ultimately lead to incremental business opportunities for our customers as well as IFF. The fourth pillar is strengthen and expanding the portfolio. As you have seen over the past couple of months, we have actively pursued value-creating, pursue partnerships, collaboration and acquisition, both within our industry and adjacencies. These opportunities, some of which I will touch on in a moment, will allow us to tap areas of expertise beyond the walls of IFF, leading to more innovation and ultimately, additional growth. The three enablers to the strategy include: talent and organization with investment in our people and R&D; continuous improvement with a relentless focus on finding efficiency and screening processes to invest in the business; and sustainability, strengthening sustainable practices and becoming the leader within our industry. While we are still early in days of execution, we are seeing that our identified strategies, imperatives, are the right ones. In the areas where we are targeting a market leadership position, we are seeing accelerated growth. We continue to leverage our longstanding presence in the emerging markets as they grew 7% on a currency neutral base, led by 22% increase in the Middle East and Africa, and strong growth in India, Brazil and Argentina. We also improved our market share in North America, achieving the number two position in Flavors after successfully closing the acquisition of Ottens Flavors. Home Care, another strategic priority for us, has increased high-single digits globally on a currency neutral basis. Delivery systems across both Flavors and Fragrances continue to drive growth. The strong trends in Fabric Care and Beverages continued in the second quarter, led by our encapsulation technology in fragrances and proprietary delivery system in flavors. In Fragrances, Fabric Care grew mid-teens on a currency neutral basis driven by our encapsulation technology. We are expanding this technology into other categories, such as Toiletries, Home Care, and Personal Wash, which all grew double digits in the second quarter. In Flavors, Latin America continued its double-digit trend for the seventh consecutive quarter, led by our proprietary delivery system. We are very pleased with our sales of Sweetness and Savory Modulation portfolio improved strong double digits, an example that we are providing our customers with innovative solution that win in the marketplace with consumers. Our continued commitment to provide our customers with in-depth consumer understanding, superior innovation, outstanding service, and highest quality product allow us to capture the growth potential of faster-growing regional accounts, most noticeably in Flavors in the second quarter which outpaced the growth of global accounts. We broadened our product offering, expanding it to more rapidly growing cosmetic actives with the recent acquisition of Lucas Meyer Cosmetics offering our customers greater option to support the strategic growth initiatives in skin and hair care. In addition, in Fragrance Ingredients, we launched and marketed Amber Xtreme, an unique and innovative olfactive ingredient that was previously captive for the exclusive use of IFF perfumers and is now available for broad use within the fragrance industry. In line with our focus on strengthening and expanding our portfolio, we successfully completed the Ottens Flavors and Lucas Meyer Cosmetics acquisitions. We recently signed a partnership with Duke University, focusing on finding effective flavor modulators that are novel to our industry, and we are collaborating with University of Liverpool to enhance our delivery system capabilities and fragrances. Before turning the call over to Alison, I wanted to provide some additional commentary on our recent acquisition of Lucas Meyer Cosmetics. Lucas Meyer Cosmetics is headquartered in Quebec City, Canada with operations in France and Australia. They develop, manufacture and market innovative ingredients for the cosmetics and personal care industry. Their products are designed to maintain the body's natural reactions, strengthen its defense against environmental aggressions, delay the signs of aging, and address other contemporary cosmetic challenges. Some of the benefits of the active ingredients include; wrinkle reduction, skin firming and protection from free radicals, among others. We target Lucas Meyer as a partner as it is an award-winning company with strong proprietary portfolio and great customer relationships. We believe they have a strong fit with IFF's core competencies and strategic assets, including a similar customer base allowing us to build greater customer intimacy and drive penetration into the skin care and hair care businesses, soon expanding product offering. Innovation is critical to both industries and we expect that we can cross leverage shared expertise and analytical research, sensory signs, and consumer insights. We also can combine IFF's industry leading natural products, LMR with Lucas Meyer Southern Cross Botanical platform. And they have a strong brand recognition, one that stands for the highest level of quality and trust. The acquisition will allow us to enter an attractive and fast-growing market with approximately $44 million in annual sales and EBITDA margins much higher than in the flavors and fragrance industry, we believe Lucas Meyer Cosmetics is sustainable on a standalone basis, and also a great foundation for further consolidation in cosmetic actives. It's truly a great business and we are excited to have it within the IFF portfolio. With that, I would like to turn over to Alison.
Alison A. Cornell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Andreas. I would like to start out by saying how happy I am to be here at IFF. It is a great time to be part of a company with the history that IFF has, especially as we embark on Vision 2020, where we are looking toward building greater differentiation, accelerating profitable growth, and increasing shareholder value. I've been fortunate enough to speak briefly with some of you, but for those of you who I have not met, let me quickly go through my background. I joined IFF from Covance, a global drug development company with $2.5 billion in sales and 12,500 employees located in 60 countries where, as the Chief Financial Officer, I was responsible for all financial management, including financial reporting and analytics, capital allocation and strategic planning. During my tenure, there are several areas I'm proud of, but most notably is the fact that we accelerated revenue growth, improved operating performance, streamlined processes and developed talent. These are all areas that I believe are transferrable to IFF, and I'm excited to get started. Prior to my time at Covance, I spent 19 years with AT&T and held leadership roles of increasing responsibility, among them, leading finance for a $30 billion division as Vice President-Forecasting, Performance and Investment Analysis. I look forward to getting to know many of you over the next few months as I get acclimated to the company and support the execution of Vision 2020. To provide a greater level of transparency, I thought I would lay out a bridge from our adjusted financial results to adjusted currency-neutral results, highlighting the impact of currency and showing results with and without the acquisition of Ottens. Focusing in on the second column, Q2 was a challenging quarter from a currency perspective as the U.S. dollar strengthened against many global currencies. From a sales perspective, the translation impact represented approximately 8 percentage points. On an adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS basis, despite our natural hedge given our considerable operations in Europe in currency hedging program, the volatility in exchange rates negatively impacted our adjusted operating profit by 8 percentage points and adjusted EPS by approximately 11 percentage points. Including the acquisition of Ottens, which you can see in the third column, currency-neutral sales increased 5%; adjusted operating profit, 7%; and adjusted EPS, 10%. This included a lower tax rate due to higher earnings from lower tax jurisdictions, lower loss provisions, and lower repatriation costs in 2015 and the benefit of lower shares outstanding as a result of our share repurchase program. The acquisition, which only included two months' worth of business, added about 1 point to the top line and was a slight benefit to adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS. Excluding the acquisition, our organic business performed well and was in line with the guidance given at our June 2 Investor Day. We managed to achieve good leverage down the P&L, with sales improving 4%; adjusted operating profit up 7%, and adjusted EPS increasing 9%, all on a currency-neutral basis. Before moving forward, I want to take a moment to note that the amortization of intangibles relating to the Ottens acquisition represented about $1.2 million in the quarter. If we added this back to understand the cash component of the business, growth from a profit and EPS perspective would have improved another 1% to 8% and 11%, respectively. As we begin to execute Vision 2020, M&A is expected to play a larger role. Going forward, we will continue to provide analysts and investors with visibility to the amortization of intangibles of acquisitions so you have a better idea of what the actual cash generation is of the business. From an evaluation perspective, we hope it provides an understanding of the returns of any deals we pursue. Turning to business unit performance. Flavors currency-neutral sales grew 7%, including approximately 3 percentage points relating to the acquisition of Ottens Flavors. All categories experienced broad-based growth with the strongest results in Beverage and Savory. Greater Asia was up 6%, driven by mid-single-digit gains in Savory, Beverage and Dairy. On a country perspective, strong growth was achieved in India, Indonesia and the Philippines. This performance more than offset a slight decline in China, where we temporarily stopped production to install new odor abatement equipment. The plants have since reopened and we continue to ramp up production, working with the government to ensure we are in full compliance. As of last week, our backlog of orders returned to normal levels, and we are either servicing all accounts from our plant in China or other facilities around the world. Keeping with the subject of China, we have recently been notified by Chinese authorities of a compliance issue pertaining to the emission of odors in our Fragrance Ingredients plant. We are working to address these issues by making investments in additional odor abatement equipment, similar to what we did in Flavors, but expect to operate at a reduced capacity until the equipment is installed and fully operational sometime in Q4. Our full-year 2015 guidance, which I will touch on in a moment, is inclusive of this matter, both from a top-line and cost perspective, based on returning to normal production later this year. Turning back to Flavors, in our Europe, Africa and Middle East regions, sales increased 6%, led by a double-digit gain in Savory and mid-single-digit growth in Beverage. As Andreas mentioned, the Middle East and Africa reported our highest growth, improving over 20%, driven by strong new win performance. North America improved 5% as a result of additional sales related to the acquisition of Ottens Flavors and high double-digit growth in Dairy. Excluding the transaction, the core North American business was soft, as we previously communicated at our Investor Day, principally due to underlying trends with select customers. Latin America increased 14% as all categories reported positive growth. The double-digit trend in Beverage continued for the seventh consecutive quarter, and Savory and Dairy also grew double digits as a result of strong new win performance. Flavors currency-neutral segment profit improved approximately 1% as top-line growth, productivity and cost control initiatives were reduced by a year-over-year increase in incentive compensation expense and the inclusion of amortization of intangibles related to the acquisition of Ottens Flavors. Q2 operating profit margin was also impacted by approximately 50 basis points or about 2 percentage points in terms of growth relating to China. Based on what we know today, we would expect a similar impact through the remainder of the year, which is included in our full-year 2015 guidance that I will discuss momentarily. Fragrance currency-neutral sales improved 4%, led by double-digit growth in Europe, Africa and Middle East regions and a mid-single-digit improvement in Latin America driven by Consumer Fragrances. From a category perspective, Fine Fragrances was up 2% as Europe, Africa and Middle East grew 17% as a result of a very strong pipeline of new wins and volume growth. This strong growth more than offset softness in Latin America where economic conditions, particularly in Brazil, have an impact on discretionary spending. While the economy is soft, we continue to see our win rates remain high, which ultimately will continue to support our market leadership position. For the 15th consecutive quarter, Consumer Fragrances continue to grow, up 6%, led by double-digit growth in Fabric Care, thanks in large part to our strong encapsulation technology and high-single-digit growth in Home Care. In addition, Hair Care increased high-single digits as a result of new win performance. As previously communicated, Fragrance Ingredients was weak, down 3% as we made the strategic decision not to engage in lower-margin businesses, and, more importantly, to supply and further strengthen our Fragrance Compounds business as our internal demand for our own ingredients is up double digits. It should be repeated that this weakness is primarily related to one customer whom, if we exclude, the rest of our portfolio would be up mid-single digits. On a profit perspective, Fragrance currency-neutral segment profit improved approximately 5%, driven by volume growth, continued cost savings initiatives and continued productivity programs. Segment profit margin on a currency-neutral basis increased 20 basis points to 20.2%. From a cash flow perspective, our core working capital levels continue to show improvement year-over-year as a percentage of sales as our five-quarter rolling average figures through the end of Q2 was down 120 basis points to approximately 29% of our trailing 12-month sales. Much of our gains came from lower payables as our days payable outstanding increased 15% versus the same period a year ago. The net result of our working capital improvement and net income growth led to an $11 million increase in operating cash flow to $166 million and a 35% improvement, excluding pension contributions. We're also making progress on our share buyback program. Year-to-date through the end of July, we have spent a total of nearly $60 million on buying back roughly 525,000 shares at a price of $112. At our Investor Day, we provided an update on our uses of cash. We said we want it to remain an attractive investment for our shareholders for providing a consistent competitive return of cash. Leveraging our strong cash flow generation and commitment to Vision 2020, we increased our targeted cash return to shareholders to 50% to 60% of adjusted net income. As a follow-up to that, late last week, our board of directors approved a 20% increase in dividend. This increase provides us with a more competitive yield while simultaneously balancing our growth objective. In addition, our board authorized an incremental $250 million share repurchase through the end of 2017 on top of $50 million remaining under the current authorization. At the current market price, this new program plus the remaining authorization will enable the repurchase of more than 2.5 million shares or approximately 3% of the shares currently outstanding. This combination is expected to lead to approximately 65% payout ratio of our estimated adjusted net income in 2015 while still providing financial flexibility for M&A. Turning to our outlook for the full-year 2015. We will now provide guidance inclusive of Ottens and Lucas Meyer Cosmetics acquisition on a preliminary basis. We expect currency-neutral sales to grow approximately 6% including approximately 2 percentage points related to acquisitions. Fragrance Ingredients is expected to remain soft as we have two more quarters where we're managing through pressure from the one customer I noted earlier. In Fine Fragrances, we expect a modest improvement in the back half of the year as economic softness in the large fragrance market of Brazil could have an impact on our results. In addition, we expect to see decelerating trends in our Europe, Africa and Middle East regions versus a strong first half due to order patterns and high erosion rates on last year's wins. The solid trend seen in Q2 for Flavors are expected to continue in the second half, with an improvement in Flavors North America anticipated in Q3. We expect this top-line growth combined with our continued cost control to lead to approximately 9% adjusted operating profit growth and about 10% adjusted EPS growth, assuming a 24.5% to 25% full-year tax rate, all on a currency-neutral basis. This guidance includes approximately $8 million relating to the amortization of intangibles from acquisitions. If we exclude this impact, adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS would grow approximately 100 basis points higher. Like many U.S. multinational companies, the strengthening U.S. dollar versus many global currencies will impact our results. In this chart, we are highlighting the expected profit impact of key currencies within our foreign exchange basket by multiplying the year-over-year percentage change through July of 2015 by the portion it represents on our operating profit. As you can see, the weakening euro versus the U.S. dollar, which represents our largest currency exposure, is expected to have the greatest impact. In addition, several other currency, while small in terms of profitability exposure, have all weakened considerably versus the U.S. dollar and are collectively pressuring profitability. Mitigating this exposure, we expect a gain from our transactional euro-hedging program, which I identified on the last bar of the chart. As discussed in Q1, the benefits of this program will be more back half weighted based on the phasing of our program. The net result is we expect foreign exchange movements to have approximately 7-percentage point impact on sales and an approximately 5-percentage point impact on adjusted operating profit on a full-year 2015 basis. Incorporating the foreign exchange impact on our full-year guidance, we would expect reported sales to be down approximately 1%, including approximately 7-percentage point drag from currency. Adjusted operating profit is expected to rise about 4%, inclusive of approximately a 5-percentage point headwind of currency. Before turning the call back over to Andreas, I just want to reiterate how pleased I am to be part of IFF. I look forward to making positive contribution in the coming months as we continue to create incremental shareholder value. With that, I would like to turn the call back over to Andreas for some closing comments.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Alison. I briefly want to reiterate that we have started the first half of the year well as we delivered strong currency neutral operational performance. We increased our cash return to shareholders while simultaneously initiating the executing of Vision 2020. Our strategy is a natural evolution and the logical next step that will provide the fuel we need to accelerate our growth and increase differentiation, which in turn should lead to sustainable profitable growth for the years to come. With that, I would now like to open the call to questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, everybody. I wanted to ask about North America. So, growth slowed in Flavors, excluding acquisitions, also has remained remaining weak in Fragrances. I know you talked about expecting an improvement in Flavors. So maybe talk a bit about company category dynamics, drivers, expectations over the balance of the year, including that improvement. And did that improvement include the benefit from the acquisition in terms of having a full three months' worth of benefit?
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Mark, thank you for the question. I give it to Matthias.
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Good morning, Mark. This is Matthias speaking. Excluding the transaction, the core business was soft, as we previously communicated at Investor Day, principally due to underlying trends with select customers. I also would like to mention here that we have comparables not only relative to last year in Q2, but also in Q1 this year. We were posting a 10% growth in Q1 this year. When it comes to the overall performance by category, we mainly faced some challenges in the category of Savory and we are well confident that in Q3 we are getting back to growth and we will be posting low single-digit growth, and I would be also very confident for the entire balance of the year that we are going to be positive for the year. And this is organically, this is all excluding Ottens. So what we shared with you was like-for-like excluding the acquisition of Ottens.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. And then on the Fragrances side, maybe talk a bit about that too, please.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Nicolas?
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: Yes. Good morning, Mark. It's Nicolas here. So first of all, I will divide the dynamic between the two segments. North America, for Consumer Fragrances, we had a very, very strong growth last year of 8.2% for the full year. So we knew we had gained market share. Here, we expect to be still positive for this year. And so we will be growing above market. So I think that we have gained market share. Here, we see that we came also after a very, very strong growth of 15% last year in Q2, so we know that the market is not growing at that speed. So it was really difficult comp for Q2. In Fine Fragrances, we are facing with some of the launch that took place last year that were not as successful as expected. So we had a very, very strong pipeline last year and we didn't have the same reorder leading to these wins from last year. So it's putting pressure on our top line. But obviously, as you know, most of the activity and market share growth in North America is taking place with European brands. And as you can see, we've been able to capture a significant part of the new launches, and we know that all our European-based customers are manufacturing in Europe for the world including North America.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. And just following up on that, Nicolas, so the Ingredients piece, weak now for a couple of quarters, you talked about a specific customer. So is it fair to assume that that business doesn't improve until you start cycling the loss of whatever that piece of business is of that customer?
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: Yes. That is correct. We don't expect growth for the remainder of the year, and so we will be still challenged. I think what was important in what Alison shared with you is that if you exclude that customer, we will be up mid single-digits. So that's very, very good. And also regarding the strategic linkage between Ingredients and Fragrance Compounds, overall volume in our plants of ingredient is up double-digits. So you can see that there is a significant benefit of having the vertical integration, and I think that what is really important is that the continued performance and success that we're having in Consumer Fragrances is largely supported by our Ingredients. So the focus of our Ingredients business is really to support our continued growth in Compounds.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, great. And just switching gears, global expenses has been extremely volatile in the last few quarters. How much of the decline year-to-date has been due to incentive comp? How should we think about that in the back half of the year? And then is it fair to assume that assuming the top line trends get back into sort of the midrange of the 4% to 6% organic next year that that resets and potentially is a higher number on a go-forward basis sort of more in line with what we've seen in recent years?
Alison A. Cornell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'm sorry, could you repeat the question?
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. I'm asking about global expenses. So they have been down a lot year-to-date in terms of that line item. So I'm trying to figure out how much of that has to do with incentive compensation. And then trying to think about how much this year is an exception relative to what should be more of a normalized run rate for that segment going forward?
Richard O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer, International Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.: Hey, Mark. It's Rich. Two things, I think. The two biggest – two big drivers that are in that corporate category. One is the AIP and the incentive comp piece. The second is the cash flow hedging. And so I think there's a couple of things you got to think about. I think the AIP differential, I think the second quarter, that'll continue through the third and fourth quarter relative year-over-year performance. The cash flow hedging impact, as we've talked about, is back-ended, so that'll grow in the second half of the year relative to where it was in the first half of the year. So I think when you look at 2015 as a whole, it is below – I'll call it below normal, given the incentive comp trends trending below expectations and cash flow hedging being positive compared to prior years where it was negative.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Great. Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping you...
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning. I was hoping you could bridge the gap for us between reported sales being down 1% and EBIT being up 4%. I'm guessing obviously incentive comp is a piece of it, but even still the implication is some pretty big acceleration on profits and productivity. So if you can give us a little information on that it would be great.
Alison A. Cornell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So, Lauren, it's a combination of incentive comp, as you mentioned. Our raw materials are down. Our productivity savings are up. So those are the main drivers.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I mean, is there anything specific, though, because honestly I would have thought that with the Vision 2020 being laid out that the bias is to invest sooner rather than later. And so the implication for currency-neutral EBIT growth is the high-end of your long-term range. So, I guess, wondering if there's any sort of holding back on some of those investment plans, given how rough currency is. Also, maybe the magnitude of how much the compensation is really driving that swing in expenses? And then also I would have thought there would have been greater expenses given the plant issues, the emissions thing you're putting in, in China, that that would have been incremental expense.
Alison A. Cornell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So let me chunk it up a bit. So our forecast for China – full year forecast plus our second quarter includes everything we know about it at this point in time. So we're closely monitoring what's going on in China. We have plans in place too for the odor abatement as quickly as possible, but everything we know at this point is included in our forecast. The other items impacting the difference is also hedging, which I neglected to mention, so I want to include that in terms of the things that are positively impacting bottom line performance. But then also I want to address in terms of our investment. I mean, we're fully committed and fully moving forward on Vision 2020 investment, and so there's no holding back associated with that. I think it's really just the combination of multiple factors that are helping the bottom line appear much greater. But nevertheless, I think each item has a support in and of itself. I think it's really just in combination you get the outcome.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then I know it is very early, but knowing what you know today about how your hedges work, if currency stayed at today's levels, do you have a sense for what the drag from currency would be next year? Because I know the hedging kind of gives you a lagged effect.
Alison A. Cornell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So I would say 3% to 4% headwind.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: On EBIT next year?
Alison A. Cornell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: 2016, yes.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. Okay. Great. At today's spot. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. I was wondering whether I could touch one more time on the issues in North American Flavors. And that is if you strip out the acquisition benefit, the North American Flavors business was down, put us back maybe 4%. And I know you grew very strongly in the first quarter. But even if you averaged it out, it means that maybe you grew 3% on a local currency basis excluding acquisitions and last year you were down 4%. And your comparisons in the fourth quarter are becoming difficult again because there was volume growth of 7%. And obviously, there are some implications to the – to EBIT level as well because your sales – your overall flavor sales this quarter dropped $3 million, but your EBIT was down 7%. And so, I was wondering whether you can sort of like – shed some thought on that as like what the issues are in the North American Flavors business and why you're confident that – outside of cost control, things should be better in the back half of the year. Secondly, I was wondering like how much of your share repurchase program you made complete in 2015 and in 2016.
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Okay. This is Matthias speaking. Let me answer the first question. H1, year-to-date, our number for North America will be up. They are growing at low-single digits. We had challenges in the second quarter, indeed and particularly as outlined before in the category of Savory. We also recognized that the larger accounts, the very large international accounts where we have a very high index in North America they are not growing as fast as the smaller, more agile companies which are probably more the mid-tier manufacturers in the food and beverage industry. It's exactly the reason that part of the strategic rationale why IFF has a very strong interest and we feel very pleased and privileged to have Ottens being part of our portfolio. It will give us a vehicle where we can differentiate ourselves, where we can keep the agility, the speed, the responsiveness and the ownership for those accounts to make tailored solutions which have a faster growth rate in North America. So overall, I feel confident that we will be posting full-year growth, excluding Ottens like-for-like sales. And I believe together with Ottens, we will further accelerate in the quarters to come.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Share repurchase?
Alison A. Cornell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay. Sure. In terms of share repurchase, for the remainder of 2015, we would expect to spend about $40 million to $50 million and then $100 million each year thereafter.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Hi. Good morning. So I wanted to talk about Latin America. I know you mentioned that this was the seventh quarter of double-digit growth in Flavors, in particular. And I know you talked about the delivery systems. So I was wondering if you could expand on that a little bit. I know the categories you mentioned were Beverages in particular, but it would be helpful to learn more about who these customers are. Are you gaining share or is market growth just as strong, just anything else that you can add to that?
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you for the question. I firmly believe we are gaining share in Latin America. It's not a coincidence that we are posting the seventh consecutive double-digit growth. We are really travelling well. Our approach of pipeline is very strong. And when I was referring to our unique delivery system technology, I'm referring here to a product which increases authenticity, naturalness of the taste and it's mainly used, not only, but mainly used in beverages. In addition, we have a lot of great inroads we made in other categories such as Savory, thanks again to our technologies in Savory Modulation. And frankly, I feel very good about our performance even going forward and it makes us feel good that we are investing in Vision 2020 in exactly those areas which are truly differentiating ourselves in competition.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And other customers – is it a mix of multi-national and local customers or is there more contribution from one of those?
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We have very strong growth across the account base irrespective whether these are the strategic accounts or the larger accounts or even smaller accounts which are more local in Latin America.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, Alison, just a clarification from you and also the local currency operating profit growth you said was going to be 9% including acquisitions. And then, I think you said it was 8% excluding acquisitions, is that right?
Alison A. Cornell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: For the outlook or – I mean, for the...
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. For the year – for 2015.
Alison A. Cornell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So currency neutral is 9% growth and adjusted operating profit...
Michael DeVeau - VP, Global Corporate Communications & Investor Relations: Ex the acquisition...
Alison A. Cornell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Ex the acquisition is 8%.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. I just wanted to clarify that. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Are cosmetic actives sold in a briefing process? And for cosmetic active that's fragrance as well or a cosmetic product that is actives and is fragrance, would a customer brief the actives and fragrances together as a package?
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. John, I'll give it to Nicolas. Nicolas?
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: Yes. Good morning, John. You have a briefing process, but the active ingredient is very much innovation-led. So, you really create the opportunity through a consumer insight and really a development of very specific solution leading to the trend in the market. So, you create the growth opportunity instead of really waiting for a brief. So, it's slightly different than ours. And if you look at the dynamic, because the customer base is very, very similar, we believe that through encapsulation technologies, through our consumer insight, we will be able to actually increase the market access of the Lucas Meyer portfolio and provide additional solution for the future.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: So, just as a follow-up, if you brought a new active for cosmetic product to a customer, will they still brief the Fragrance part of it?
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: It can be. Usually, it's in separate activities. But today, the fact that we can provide a joint solution might create some new opportunities.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And if you could just remind me, the year-over-year increase in the performance comp in Flavors that was primarily because of the year-ago being below plan? It was not really related to a change in the accrual rate for the current year?
Alison A. Cornell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, that's correct.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Correct. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heidi Vesterinen with Exane.
Heidi M. Vesterinen - Exane Ltd.: Wondered if you could update us on the cross listing, please. What was the rationale, and are you taking any actions to improve liquidity there? Thank you.
Michael DeVeau - VP, Global Corporate Communications & Investor Relations: Hi, Heidi. It's Mike. Yes, we absolutely are. As we discussed, we begin trading on, I think early June with our cross-listing in Euronext. I think now we're in the process of working with several banks in Europe based in Paris to see if we can improve our liquidity. We would expect through the balance of this summer to probably have some news in September, probably middle to end of September.
Heidi M. Vesterinen - Exane Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Sison, KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning. Nice quarter, guys. I wanted to just to ask about in Flavors, currency neutral, operating income growth was up 1% despite currency-neutral sales up 7%, so can you talk about some of the headwinds that sort of took away from the operating leverage? Clearly, you tend to have better operating leverage, so I think you flushed out some, but I don't know if you could share any specifics.
Alison A. Cornell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: This is Alison. So there was an impact – I'd say the biggest impact in terms of offsetting that profitability going to the bottom line was increased incentive compensation. Beyond that, we had the intangible impacts of $1.2 million, was also mentioned. And that was somewhat offset by productivity and cost control initiatives, but that was the biggest – those were the two biggest impacts. And then we also mentioned China, which is also included as a negative impact from the bottom line.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Right. And would you think that the currency-neutral growth would be better in the second half for Flavors?
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Mike, we expect to have continued additional cost in China also in Q3 and for H2 in general, i.e., it is all factored into our forecast though. They will not be higher than what we had for the quarter in Q2. In terms of productivity, it is very high on our agenda. It obviously stands or falls a lot on how much we can possibly further accelerate our top line. While we are still early in the quarter, I feel good that we will deliver a solid top-line growth that can offset some of the pressures Alison has alluded to before.
Alison A. Cornell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Mike, just another comment. So for the second half of the year too, AIP will continue to be a headwind from a profit perspective.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Got it. And then, just a quick one on encapsulation. That business sounds like it's really gaining some momentum here. Where do you think you're at in terms of penetration in sort of these other markets like toiletries and personal wash? And is that an area that's going to continue to grow double digits for the next, whatever, quarters or several years?
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Nicolas?
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: Yes. Good morning, Mike. As you know, encapsulation has been really one of the key drivers of the continued growth and success in Consumer Fragrances. So I will say the majority of the revenues from encapsulation at this stage are really in Fabric Care. But it's really one of the key pillars of the driver and a driver of our Vision 2020. That's where we are really investing significantly right now in resources and in capacity, and with the goal, obviously, to enlarge the offering to other category. So we have early success in other categories, we're pleased. That's why it's growing fast be it on a small base. So, for the foreseeable future, really the growth will be coming from Fabric augmented progressively with the other categories.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thanks for the follow-up. Two questions. One, Alison, if you could give us an update on interest expense over the balance of the year, inclusive of the two acquisitions. And then just broadly, wondering if you could comment on category growth dynamics. Overall, you plus your competitors seem to have slowed a little bit second quarter relative to 1Q and relative to growth in 2014. So, I guess, just curious what you're seeing from a customer standpoint just sort of broadly, and then an expectation on a go-forward basis relative to where you were maybe a quarter or so ago? I know you have slightly revised the sales guidance towards the low end. So obviously, within that, what you're sort of seeing today relative to what you were seeing maybe three or six months ago and how you sort of think about that normalizing over time?
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Mark, on a total company question for your part two, on guidance?
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Alison A. Cornell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Okay. So, first, let me answer the interest-related question. There will be a $2 million increase, which was included in our guidance. So that's reflective. In terms of overall outlook, at our Investor Day, we've guided toward a currency-neutral range of 4% to 6%, so we expect this year's performance to be in line with our long-term guidance of 4% to 6%. We still believe that's the case, albeit at the low end of the range due to pressure from ingredients, which Nicolas had spoken about, as well as some uncertainty in Fine Fragrances.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alec Patterson with AGI.
Alec Patterson - Allianz Global Investors U.S. LLC: Hi. Good morning. I just had a couple of quick ones. The Latin America mid-teens growth in Fragrances and Flavors, is it all volume or volume mix? I know you tend to price in dollars, but I just wanted to get clarification.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Matthias?
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Thank you for the question. In Latin America, as I outlined before, we are really travelling very well and very strong. We have a lot of new win. We have also good volume growth, but a lot is driven really by new wins, even new customers. We are moving into new geographies also in Latin America. You may recall that we have opened a new affiliate in Chile, for example. This gives us leverage and we feel very good with the traction which we gain. Thanks to technology, increased customer intimacy and additional accounts.
Alec Patterson - Allianz Global Investors U.S. LLC: And just curious, China has been an issue especially for wholesale inventory management for a lot of your customer base. What are you seeing there? And then lastly a question, just could you round out or update us on some of the gross margin drivers, the raw material trends, that sort of thing?
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Talking about China, frankly we see the same, we see challenges as well and we see mainly very large international accounts being challenged. We see volumes decreasing. We see retail destocking and we are (55:22) mainly have a similar symptom as we have in North America that smaller accounts seem to be more agile and probably have a softer, innovative resolutions which are more tailored for the market in China. As we're aware of it, we try to expand. We work with the commercial teams in China to increase our customer portfolio and to ensure that we are again more relevant in the marketplace. I however would like to remind, as we see challenges in China, we have comparables of what we are comparing to last year irrespective whether it's Q2 or even H1 we are comparing to very solid single-digit growth. So, we mainly had slown down the last three quarters in China.
Alison A. Cornell - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And in terms of the – your second part of your question, in terms of raw materials, we expect to see a relatively stable raw material environment for the remainder of 2015.
Michael DeVeau - VP, Global Corporate Communications & Investor Relations: Anymore questions, operator?
Operator: You do have a question from the line of Jeff Zekauskas.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Jeff?
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: It's Silke Kueck one more time for Jeff. I was wondering whether you can just share your thoughts on sort of like the competitive environment and that is the – there is obviously now, like, a new entrant in the industry with ADM acquiring Wild Flavors. Like, it seems there's a little bit of like a roll-up on the – in the food industry, like, Heinz acquiring Kraft, and like, Tyson is acquiring Hillshire Brands. In the fragrance industry, P&G is divesting its beauty care business, and that's going now to Coty. So, I was wondering whether you can discuss a little bit on what the competitive trends are like.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you for the question. I think what we experience these days is what will probably start using a long time ago, we see consolidation on the account base. I think consolidation is such on the accounts is also a great opportunity for us. It's really an opportunity to ensure that we are truly partnering at a very early stage. And I outlined once at the Investor's Day, as soon as we are partnering at the very early stage with our customers, our win rates and the chance that we are really submitting a value creation and value addition to them is much higher. Nowadays, our customers, they are not looking for vendors and suppliers anymore. They are really looking for two partners, and I really see this as a great opportunity. When it comes to North America, what we outlined with Ottens, we all said that we want to create a vehicle for us to truly differentiate ourselves to keep the agility, the speeds, the ownership. But above all, the very longstanding history Ottens has built here in North America and to back it together with latest technology from IFF. We are firm of the belief that this will help us to accelerate our growth rate to penetrate into a segment that is growing faster of what we believe in the very large account here in North America and see it as a great opportunity. Maybe, Nicolas, do you want to add something, provide some color to Fragrance?
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: Yes. Silke, it's Nicolas. A very similar trend in terms of the customer dynamic moving to strategic partnership. So every consolidation provide additional upside opportunities. And here, it is obviously – or you need to support and provide consumer insight, and to identify growth opportunities for the portfolios and reaching significant scale. So, we believe it is a positive outlook for us.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I appreciate the thoughts. Thank you.
Operator: We'd now like to turn the call back over to Andreas for closing remarks.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much for the question. As we said, we had a good first half year. We're in the middle of the execution of our Vision 2020 which works very well. We basically finished the two acquisitions for this year as well which will help us to differentiate and accelerate our growth going to the future. So, thank you very much for the questions again, and let me end the call right now. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau - Vice President-Global Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances
Analysts: Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Curt A. Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. Participants will be announced by their name and company. In order to give all participants an opportunity to ask their questions, we request a limit of one question per person. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Vice President, Global Corporation Communication and Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau - Vice President-Global Corporate Communications & Investor Relations: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to IFF's first quarter 2015 conference call. Earlier today, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on our website. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to our outlook for the second quarter and full year of 2015. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K filed on March 2, 2015 and our press release that we filed this morning. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued earlier today. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig; our Interim CFO, Rich O'Leary; our Group President of Flavors, Matthias Haeni; and our Group President of Fragrances, Nicolas Mirzayantz. We will start with prepared remarks from Andreas and Rich, and then the entire team will be available for questions that you may have. With that, I would like now to introduce our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Michael. And good morning, good afternoon to everyone. I would like to start by providing an executive overview of our operational performance this quarter. Then Rich will review our consolidated financial results in greater detail, and turn the call back over to me for comments on the balance of the year and some concluding comments before opening the call to your questions. We are pleased with our operational performance in quarter one. On a currency-neutral basis, we delivered mid-single digit sales growth and double-digit increases in both adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS. At the same time, we continue to invest in the business to support our strategic goals by bolstering our Flavors business with the acquisition of Ottens Flavors, the opening of the new sales and creative facility in Chicago, and the expansion of our creative center in South Africa. Currency neutral sales this quarter grew 6% on a consolidated basis, primarily driven by new win performance across both businesses. Currency neutral sales to the emerging markets, which now represent 51% of total company sales, grew 9%, twice of the rate of sales of the developed markets, which grew 4%. Adjusted operating profit grew 10% on a currency neutral basis to $163 million, and adjusted operating profit margin was 21%. This improvement was driven by strong sales growth, combined with manufacturing and RSA cost leverage. From a currency neutral adjusted EPS perspective, we also benefited from a lower adjusted effective tax rate, interest expense and shares outstanding. The net result drove a 13% improvement in adjusted EPS, on a currency neutral basis, to $1.45 per share in the quarter. In Fragrances, currency neutral sales grew 5% in quarter one, as most regions delivered mid to high and single-digit growth. In the emerging markets, our Fragrance Compounds business, which includes Consumer Fragrances and Fine Fragrances, grew 8% while the developed market grew by 4%. On a category basis, Consumer Fragrances continued to be our strongest performer, growing 9%, as Fabric Care and Home Care grew strong double-digits. EAME and Latin America both grew high single-digits, followed by mid single-digits in North America and Greater Asia. It should be noted that this marks the 14th consecutive quarter of Consumer Fragrances growth. Fine Fragrances currency neutral sales declined by 2% against a very strong 10% growth reported in the year-ago period. Our double-digit performance in Greater Asia was more than offset by softness in North America and EAME, both of which compared to a strong double-digit growth in the prior-year period. If you recall, our quarter one performance was our strongest of 2014, as it benefited from a customer pre-building inventory before implementing SAP. In Fragrance Ingredients, currency neutral sales declined 2%, as it compared to their strongest year-over-year comparison. From a profitability perspective, Fragrances segment profit decreased 6% to $82 million, and segment profit margin decreased 110 basis points to 20.5% as the unfavorable net impact of price to input cost and currency pressures more than offset productivity and cost control initiatives. Turning to Flavors. For 41 consecutive quarters, Flavors reported positive currency neutral sales growth, increasing 9% in the first quarter. While overall market performance was driven by double-digit growth in the emerging markets, the developed markets also posted gains, increasing 7% year-over-year. On a category basis, the strong trends we saw last quarter continued, as Beverages grew double-digits with broad-based growth across all regions. This strong performance was a result of our creative team's ability to provide innovative solutions that are satisfying consumer desires for healthier products. It also should be noted that all other regions within our Flavors business achieved solid growth, led by high single-digit increase in Dairy and mid single-digit increase in Sweet and Savory. From a regional perspective, Greater Asia posted 4% currency neutral sales growth, led by a double-digit improvement in Beverages and a high single-digit increase in Savory. Southeast Asia, India and Japan, all reported growth, while China continued to be soft. In EAME, currency neutral sales growth was strong, increasing 9%. Results were driven by strong double-digit growth in Beverage and high single-digit increase in Sweet, all a result of new win performance. In North America, conditions continue to improve relative to the middle of 2014, growing a robust 10% year-over-year in quarter one. This improvement can primarily be attributed to a strong double-digit growth in Dairy, Sweet and Beverage, all of which were a result of strong innovations and our recent investments to drive consumer intimacy in this key market. For the sixth consecutive quarter, Latin America grew double-digit, up 21% on a currency neutral basis. This performance continues to be driven by innovation, in particular our successful proprietary delivery system. From a profitability perspective, Flavors segment profit increased 5% to $93 million in quarter one. Segment profit margin improved 60 basis points to 24.6% from 24% in the prior year quarter, as top line growth, mix benefits, productivity and cost control initiatives more than offset currency pressure. Before turning the call over to Rich, I wanted to provide some commentary on our recent acquisition of Ottens Flavors. For those of you who have not heard of Ottens, they were a privately held company headquartered in Philadelphia, with approximately $60 million in annual sales and 170 employees. They are all well known for their diverse flavor technologies, strong talent base and long-term reputation for high-quality customer service. IFF and Ottens Flavors share rich histories, world-class and complementary R&D capabilities, and a strong commitment to innovative quality products, with a keen focus on the customer. The deal will strengthen our operations in North America, improving our market share in this key developed market and increase our ability to meet the needs of our customers, especially the faster-growing strategic accounts. The impact of this transaction is not included in our guidance for 2015. With that, I would like to now introduce Rich.
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Andreas. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Net sales in the first quarter were up 6% on a currency neutral basis, led by double-digit growth in Latin America and mid-single-digit growth in both EAME and Greater Asia. Overall, performance was driven by new wins across both businesses and lower volume erosion on existing business, mainly in our Flavors business. While currency neutral sales were strong, net sales on a reported basis rose 1%, reflecting a strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus most global currencies. Adjusted gross profit margin remained constant at 44.7%, as sales growth, cost savings initiative and mix benefits were offset by an unfavorable net impact of price to input costs and foreign exchange headwinds. Our adjusted operating profit grew $4 million, or 2%, to $163 million, and adjusted operating profit margin increased 40 basis points to 21%, driven by sales growth and expense leverage that more than offset currency headwinds. Adjusted diluted EPS grew 10% to $1.45, driven by improvements in adjusted operating profit, foreign exchange gains on working capital and other income, a lower adjusted effective tax rate and interest expense, as well as reduced shares outstanding. As I did on our Q4 earnings call, I wanted to show the two-year average currency neutral sales growth chart by quarter to highlight the underlying trend. As you can see, in Q1, currency neutral sales continued to grow at the upper end of our long-term guidance range, increasing 6% on a two-year average basis. Relative to the market, we believe we are outperforming, which is indicative of market share gains. We continue to benefit from our diverse portfolio of end use product categories with strong growth in Flavors and Consumer Fragrances, and in geographies with growth in three of four regions. Adjusted RSA expenses, as a percent of sales, declined 20 basis points from 24% to 23.8%. The year-over-year decline was driven by cost control initiatives, and a favorable impact from currency, which was partially offset by higher amortization and incentive compensation expense. Maintaining cost discipline and implementing process improvements remain a priority, and by doing so allows us to reinvest into R&D and commercial resources to drive longer term growth. In Q1, R&D as a percentage of sales remained within our 8% to 9% range, at 8.2% of sales. From a currency perspective, Q1 was challenging as the U.S. dollar strengthened against many global currencies. We have a natural hedge, given our considerable operations in Europe, along with pricing mechanism in most emerging markets. In addition, we proactively hedge our net euro exposure to raw material purchases. However, the recent volatility in exchange rates negatively impacted our results. In particular, the weakening of the euro versus the U.S. dollar, which represents our largest currency exposure, had the greatest impact. In addition, several other currencies, such as the Australian dollar, Brazilian real, British pound and Japanese yen, weakened versus the U.S. dollar, further pressuring Q1 results. We did experience a modest gain from our transactional euro hedging program. However, the benefits of this program are more back-half-weighted based on the phasing of the program this year. As a result, foreign exchange movements in Q1 had a five percentage point impact on top line compared to a seven percentage point impact on adjusted operating profit and three percentage point impact on adjusted EPS. For the full year 2015, we remain approximately 70% hedged on our euro exposure at a rate close to the full year average of 2014. And while this significantly reduces our exposure in 2015, based on the April rate of $1.08, we believe it will have approximately seven percentage point impact on sales and approximately four percentage points to five percentage points impact on operating profit. This impact is included in our full-year guidance, which Andreas will speak about momentarily. Our operating cash flow in the first quarter was $31 million, compared to $35 million in the prior-year period. Improvements in net income and inventory during the quarter, as well as lower incentive compensation payouts, were more than offset by a $50 million incremental pension contribution, which strengthened the funded status of our largest plans. Our core working capital levels continue to show improvement year-over-year as a percent of sales, as our five-quarter rolling average figures through the end of Q1 was down 70 basis points to approximately 29.1% of our trailing 12-month sales. From a capital structure standpoint, we expect to spend between 4% and 4.5% of sales in 2015 on growth and infrastructure initiatives, specifically our new plants in Turkey and Indonesia. After this year, we expect capital spending to begin to revert back to more normalized levels at 3% to 3.5% of sales for this foreseeable future. Regarding cash returned to shareholders in the first quarter, we've spent about approximately $38 million on dividend payouts and $11 million on share repurchases. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Rich. Looking to the balance of the year, we continue to believe we can deliver attractive returns to our shareholders. On a currency neutral basis, we expect all of our key financial metrics, sales, adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS to be in line with our long-term targets. Yet, if global currencies remain where they were in April for the balance of the year, we expect adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS to grow low to mid single-digits, including the impact of currency as well initiating investments in R&D and commercial resources based on our new strategy to drive long-term growth, which will be communicated in June. For second quarter of 2015, we expect currency neutral sales trends in Flavors to continue, albeit at a level more in line with our long-term target range. In Fragrances, we expect momentum to improve in our Fine business and continue to see good growth in Consumer Fragrances. And while we expect to see improved volume trends in Ingredients over the course of the year, we still expect year-over-year declines in the second quarter. From a profitability perspective, we expect currency to remain a significant headwind in quarter two, which will pressure our reported results. In summary, we have started the year well, as we have achieved all our key financial objectives on a currency neutral basis, while simultaneously investing for the future growth of our business. In addition, with the acquisition of Ottens Flavors, the new site in Chicago and the renovation of South Africa, we continue to reinvest in R&D and commercial initiatives to build competitive advantage longer term. Diversity is not only a strength of IFF, it is a source of our stability. It begins in the way we operate, what we offer and where, and extends to consumers around the world who have made our customers' products part of their everyday lives. This unique profile provides us with the confidence that we should be able to deliver financial results in line with our long-term targets on a currency neutral basis. Before I open it up to questions, I want to take a moment to explain how excited I am about the opportunity to unveil and discuss our refreshed strategy with you on June 2 at our Investor Day here in New York City. It will be a great chance for us to share our 2020 aspirations and speak to the opportunities where we can further differentiate ourselves from the competition and provide innovative solutions for our customers to win in the marketplace. For those interested in attending, I ask that you reach out to Michael to register for the event. My hope is that you will not only have a chance to hear Vision 2020, but also provide you with an opportunity to experience some of our excellent R&D capabilities. With that, we are happy to take your questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I wanted to ask about the FX impact to your expectations for the year. So the last time you had talked publicly about numbers, it was mid-to-late March, and now current FX rates are what they are, which is to say actually slightly improved relative to then. So could you talk a bit about sort of the dynamics at play between then and now to the impact that seems to be more significant than previously expected, and specifically talk to anything underlying that within the actual operating results in the business getting worse that would contribute to that?
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Rich?
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Yeah, Mark, when we talked in March, at that point in time we were probably in a $1.10, $1.12 range – $1.12 or $1.15 range based on the forecast at that point in time. As we indicated in the call, the current outlook is based on a euro rate, based on the April forecast and the April period in time which is about $1.08. So there is a bit of a strengthening. As you said, since the beginning of May, the euro has recovered a bit. That has not been reflected yet in our outlook, in the guidance that we just gave. The underlying fundamentals have not changed significantly in terms of where we are across the business. There can be some mixed impacts country by country. Also, the phasing of the – as I mentioned in the call, the phasing of the hedging contracts are more back-end weighted, and so that's why you're going to see more pressure in the first quarter and the second quarter.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Okay. And switching to specific geographies, what's causing the weakness in recent quarters in China and what are your thoughts on when and how it can look as we go through this year? Could it improve or what's sort of the impact there?
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Mark, I'll give this to Matthias.
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Thank you, Mark. Well, in China, in line with what we hear from our own customers, we are positively optimistic. We see particularly larger accounts being softer in the overall performance. We see, however, also greater opportunities with smaller sized companies. As you know, we have expanded our footprint in China. We are now closer to smaller sized companies as well, and we are positively optimistic for the remainder of the year.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So maybe just broadly on China then, cautiously optimistic, what is the base that you're coming from? I guess, without a comment specifically on a country if you don't want to, it seems to me at least that sales may have declined in recent quarters. Is that a fair assumption? And then as you say cautiously optimistic, does that mean for a slight positive growth?
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Yes, for a slight positive growth, Mark. In China, we did not experience quarter-over-quarter declines, with the exception of what we had in Q1, but it was a very modest decline. We also had some discontinued business, which we have started in Q4 last year as we had some business which cost (22:36) very profitable, but we are not going to report it separately. Overall, again, we remain positive. We have some challenges, and I think we are in line with probably what you will hear from our customers across the categories as well.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: Hi, Mark. It's Nicolas. Regarding Fragrances, very solid performance in Q1 for China, and we remain also cautiously optimistic for the remainder of the year, with good performance with global – regional and global accounts.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay?
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yep. Great. Thank you, guys.
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Lauren.
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: First, I just wanted to know, in the Q, I noticed there was a mention of extra selling days in the quarter. So did that have any kind of financial impact on the local currency sales growth reported?
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Lauren. It had, I'll call it, a modest impact. The estimate is probably about a point impact in growth on the quarter.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then if I hear correctly that the Ottens Flavors is not included in the outlook right now?
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: Correct. It's not in the outlook.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So 4% to 6% top line is ex Ottens?
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: Ex Ottens.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And then Latin America on Beverages, I know you had broad-based strength everywhere in Beverages, but that was the one market where you mentioned proprietary delivery systems. So I was just wondering if some of the wins you've had in Latin America, if that's reflected globally yet with those proprietary systems or if that's still isolated to Latin America, and should we think about that materializing this year if it's something that would come further out?
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Matthias?
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Thank you, Lauren. Well, in Latin America, it was one of the first regions where we deployed our new technology. That's why also we had a much stronger growth performance versus other regions. We are seeing good traction in other regions as well. In Latin America, it's mainly for Beverages, but the technology as such is also very impactful when it comes to other categories such as gums, for example, where customers constantly are looking for differentiation, but also in Savory. We are very positive that we will see a good traction going forward also in other regions, though I have to say, even the last few quarters, the impact of new wins through this technology is material.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And just in that Latin America business in particular, was there any kind of pipeline fill, like that up 21% -- would you expect that moderates from here, that there was just some initial stocking on that (25:48).
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: I think it will moderate, but it's not a pipeline filling; it's just a lot of new wins which we had. Unfortunately, I'm not expecting the very same growth dynamics of 20% for the quarters to come. But frankly, while still early in the quarter, we also expect a very solid momentum in Q2 going forward in Latin America.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And just one last thing, if I may, on the guidance. Where I'm a little bit confused on including FX is that at least my recollection is that previous guidance was for 7% to 9% operating profit growth, emphasizing the low end of the range, but that included a 4% headwind from currency. So you said it was only 4% to 5% from currency, so it's one point worse, but I don't know why low single digits would be on the table for EBIT growth unless there's something I'm missing.
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Lauren; you're right. I mean it's probably somewhere between a point – it's probably 1.5 point additional currency headwind based on the current outlook. As Andreas already talked about, reflected the outlook is initiating some of the investments that we've identified to drive long-term growth associated with the strategy. That's now been incorporated into the forecast that was not in the outlook at the beginning of the year as the work had not been identified yet. And I think the other part of it is that we're being, I'm going to say, cautious about some of the pressures that we're seeing in terms of price and input costs, particularly on the Fragrance business, as well as Fragrance Ingredients top line and a little bit of pressure on Fine Fragrances. And so there's a mix impact there also.
Lauren Rae Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. It's Silke Kueck for Jeff. How are you?
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good. Good morning.
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Silke.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So the Ottens acquisition closed in May. And as the average operating margin is similar to what IFF reports, like it should contribute like a $0.05 to your earnings this year. Is that the way you see it?
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: No. Silke, you also have to remember that we have to look at it on our basis and, basically, the purchase accounting related to the price we paid for it. So there's step-up in the assets and then there's amortization related to that. So I think the impact – we believe that the impact – we still have to finish that assessment -- but we think the impact from an operating profit standpoint will be a modest impact.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: A modest impact. Okay. In terms of the negative price raw material issue, is the issue that the raw material cost curve is sort of flattish and your prices are down? Like I'd be surprised if your raw materials are up.
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: As we talked about on the last call, where we're seeing the greatest amount of pressure is on the naturals in both businesses and then there's things like patchouli. But the biggest part of our portfolio are the natural ingredients. And that's where we're seeing upward price pressure, particularly in the Fragrance business, and that's more than offsetting any potential benefit we see down the road from oil-related derivatives.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Are your pricing trends generally flattish?
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: There's some pressure on the Ingredients business, on the commodity end of the business. So it was not significant, but was down slightly in the quarter.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And I guess I have two last questions. So do you expect the Fine Fragrance business to be up year-over-year on a neutral currency base for 2015? And secondly, I was wondering whether – what your share repurchase goals are for the year. Thank you very much.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Nicolas?
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: Hi, Silke. It's Nicolas. As you remember in Q1 last year, we came out at a very, very strong Q1 performance of 10%, and it was our very strong year-ago performance, especially in Europe of 19% and 29% in North America. So, Q1 faces a tough comparison. Moving forward, we expect momentum to improve in our Fine business.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Michael DeVeau - Vice President-Global Corporate Communications & Investor Relations: Silke, I think there was one more question you had.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. And I was wondering whether you – what your share repurchase goals were for the year?
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: We repurchased – as I said, we repurchased about $11 million in the first quarter. Our authorization at this point is based on a share price value matrix. And so for the time being, I would expect that that rate would continue given the current price levels or we expect that to continue certainly into the second quarter. We do our annual capital structure review with the board mid-year. But at this point, I would count on a similar rate than what we saw in the first quarter.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much. I'll get back into queue.
Operator: And your next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Hi. Thank you. Good morning. So I wanted to ask about Fragrance margins. So I think there might be two dynamics at play, one is sort of the weaker Fine Fragrance performance, and then some of it might be ingredients. So I was wondering if there is a way to quantify how much was the impact from both of those factors, and then if there's anything else at play? And then how we should view Fragrance margins sort of going forward through the rest of the year?
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: I think, Faiza to your point, I think the year-over-year performance for Fragrance is there's certainly an impact on the Fine Fragrance side from a mix standpoint. We had very, very strong growth in the year-ago quarter versus negative growth in the current quarter. So that's – I'd say that's probably the biggest impact of it. Second is, as I mentioned earlier, there is pricing input cost pressures which had a negative impact in the quarter. Those are probably the two biggest drivers of year-over-year margins.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. So as Fine Fragrance performance improved through the rest of the year, we should see margins improve also?
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think you also have different comparables in the second – for the balance of the year last year, some of that will spin to offset each other going forward.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then...
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: (33:06)
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. And then, I just wanted to ask a little bit more about the increased investments that you mentioned in R&D. So should we expect the R&D ratio to be above the 9% range for the year or if you could just expand a little bit more on that?
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No. Faiza, this is Andreas speaking. No, we – you should not expect that because it's early days of our, let's say, implementing some of the steps for our refreshed strategy and it will certainly not go above 9%, that's very clear. But we do a couple of strategic hires for the programs we have selected and that's what we will present second of June to you, but it's not that this is crazy for the rest of the year.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: And part of it also, Faiza, is on the commercial side also. It's both commercial and R&D resources.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just one last question, if you could just talk about currency impact for 2016, I know you told us before how much you were hedged and at what rate for 2016. So, I wonder if there's an update on that.
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: At this point, where we are – our hedge program has obviously extended forward from where we talked about earlier in the year. Right now, we're about 40% hedged for all of 2016 at a rate a little bit above $1.10.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And, Faiza, it's so volatile at the moment, the whole market that I think it would be a bit early to talk already about 2016. But let's talk about it when we are later in the year and we know a bit more when particularly the euro will develop.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Good morning, guys. Thanks very much. My one question is you called out some strength in the Beverages business. And it's – I guess I know there's some new technology at play, but I kind of wanted to parse how much was that and how much was maybe other technology or innovation versus sort of the base business in your global Beverages business within Flavors? Thanks.
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: Good morning. This is Matthias speaking. Well, I cannot give you an exact rate, but I can tell you that majority of new wins are the results of health and wellness solutions. We have fantastic proprietary tools, which help taste – calories-reduced beverages taste better and we constantly make progress. It's not like we have few molecules and we only deploy them and we rely on the success of few of them. Over the last few months and quarters, the teams have made significant progress to come up with additional new solutions. And frankly, we feel really excited. So, first of all, the opportunities which we have; second also on the success rate; and third, on partnering much closer with our customers together.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research: Got you. Thanks very much.
Matthias Haeni - Group President-Flavors: You're welcome.
Operator: And your next question comes from John Roberts of UBS.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: The decline in the North American Ingredients business, is that sales out of the U.S. or sales into the U.S. that declined? I should know that, but it's a simple question. And how much of the decline is, you're using more ingredients internally, or is the decline really all external market?
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: Hi, John. It's Nicolas. It's purely external sales and here it's very much targeted towards one specific segment of the market. So, we had some visibility into it and what we decided is not to participate in some lower margin business. And as you know, we have been rationalizing both our portfolio and our footprint in Ingredients, especially in North America. You remember that we had closed our manufacturing unit of August last year because we knew that we will be facing some pressure. So, it was a decision for us not to participate in some specific contracts.
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: And, John, from a definitional standpoint, it's sales in the U.S. market, not exports from the U.S. market.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And I thought we were largely through that, so we'll have this comp issue now for another three quarters, sort of?
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: For the year, you will see some pressure in North America for Ingredients and then that will be a new base for the future.
John E. Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And you have a follow-up question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, again. Which quarter will be impacted by the extra selling days this year to offset the first quarter benefit?
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: Fourth quarter, Mark.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So, it's similar expected impact, roughly 1%?
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think, yes. I mean, that's the best way to think about it.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then Andreas, not to steal your thunder from the strategic refresh event in a month, but I guess you just need to think about FX being incrementally worse than where you were when you joined the company and then now to use incremental investments as it relates to refresh. Should we be thinking that there will be some offsets to come in terms of efficiency programs and like to basically be able to redeploy some of that?
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Mark, good question. We certainly look what can we do to fund the journey internally so that we reallocate some of our resources towards our new programs. And that's what we are doing. Secondly, we certainly look at, let's say, our footprint. And we already have, I would say, a pretty good natural hedge, but we have to look into it whether we can do some of these programs in areas where we have at the moment a euro exposure, like in Europe. And as you well know, we have around about one-third of our employee base in Europe anyway. So that's certainly in the cards to look into it, how we do it in the most efficient and effective way for us. So these are the things we are looking into.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Okay. The last question comes from the line of Curt Siegmeyer with KeyBanc Capital.
Curt A. Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Morning.
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Curt A. Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, just a couple more on the Fragrance side. You mentioned – I thought that you do expect a little bit of improvement on the Fine Fragrances piece of the business. Is there anything, I guess, a little bit more tangible or is it just more a function of easier comps as we move through the year?
Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President-Fragrances: I think it was easier comp. I mean, if you look at the growth of 10% last year in Q1, you know very well that the market did not grow 10%. And that growth really was primarily driven by new wins, but also by a customer pre-building inventory before the implementation of SAP, something that reversed itself over the course of 2014. So factoring that comparison and looking at the business over a two-year period, performance in Q1 2015 actually accelerated on a two-year average. As such, we will expect our performance to return to growth going forward.
Curt A. Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then just maybe one more on the margin for the segment as a whole. Are there any other levers you guys can pull? Or if you don't see any raw material relief, if it kind of stays at these levels, should we anticipate margins down year-over-year over the course of 2015? Or you mentioned productivity in sort of other maybe areas where there might be pricing opportunity, I guess. Is there any other levers you guys can pull there to offset some of the raw material pressure?
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Curt, I mean, I think there's – we're always looking at – I mean, I think the levers that we can pull are looking at the spend and trying to be focused in terms of where that spend occurs and make sure it's focused on driving the business, whether it's on the R&D innovation side or in the commercial side to drive and accelerate the growth. From a productivity standpoint, we look at opportunities day-to-day in our manufacturing operations, whether it's the capital investments or process improvement, to try to gain some leverage and that's inherent in our model. And so I think those efforts will continue. We may have some pressure near term when you combine currency and in some of these new investments. But long term I think the model still works.
Curt A. Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So you think then for the year, is it going to be tough to offset sort of the hole that we're in after the first quarter in terms of keeping that margin flat year-over-year. Would that be too difficult to get back to?
Richard A. O’Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer: Well, we're flat year-over-year as it is in the first quarter. So I think we've always said, look, we're not going to expect to have kind of margin expansion that we had in prior years, that's not possible. I think we're going to be challenged by some of the mix impacts on the Fragrance business, but I think there are some opportunities that we'll look at, but there is some challenges from a timing standpoint.
Curt A. Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Great. Thanks.
Operator: This does conclude. I will now turn the call back to the speakers.
Andreas Fibig - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay then, let me conclude the call. So we are pretty pleased with our first quarter performance, very robust in terms of 6%, which is certainly outperforming the market, which we expect 3% growth. We have given you our outlook for the rest of the year, so we expect that in currency-neutral terms, we will stick to our guidance. And we certainly have an opportunity, 2nd of June to update you on our, let's say, five-year strategy for 2020. Thank you very much for participating. And I hope I see many of you in New York here on 2nd of June. Thank you and good-bye.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's International Flavors & Fragrances' conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau - Vice President of Global Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Andreas Fibig - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Matthias Haeni - Group President of Flavors Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President of Fragrances Richard A. O'Leary - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Controller
Analysts: Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research LLC John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Curtis Alan Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Vice President, Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to IFF's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Conference Call. Earlier today, we distributed a press release announcing our financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at www.iff.com. This call is being recorded and will be available for replay on our website. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to our outlook for the first quarter and full year of 2015. These statements are based on how -- based on what we see today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 2013 10-K filed on February 25, 2014, and our press release that we filed this morning, all of which are available on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued this morning. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Andreas Fibig.; our Group President of Flavors, Matthias Haeni; our Group President of Fragrances, Nicolas Mirzayantz; and our Interim CFO, Rich O'Leary. With that, I would like now to turn the call over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, good afternoon to everyone. I would like to start by providing some introductory remarks and then pass the call to Matthias and Nicolas, who will provide their perspectives on performance of the individual business units. Then Rich will review our consolidated financial performance in greater detail and finally turn the call back over to me for our 2015 outlook and some concluding comments before opening the call to your questions. To begin, I want to share some of my on-boarding experience over the past 5 months. During that time, I focused my attention on getting to know many constituents inside and outside of IFF. As part of this process, I was fortunate to tour 19 IFF sites around the world. While at each location, I took the opportunity to meet with many of our global and strategic customers. It was an invaluable opportunity to learn about our relationship with our customers and, more importantly, understand where we are successful and where we have opportunities to improve. The tour also provided an excellent opportunity to meet with approximately 80% of our employees via 24 local town hall meetings, which engaged with all of these people on a personal level, to get their feedback on our business, strategy and future opportunities. Coming away from these visits, one thing is extremely clear: without the passion and dedication of all of our employees, we would not have achieved as much success as we did over the history of IFF. I deeply value all of their feedback, and I'm glad to have met and spoken with so many of them. Finally, I also had the great fortune in meeting much of the investment community. It was terrific to hear their insights and perspectives on our performance, strategy, capital structure and M&A. So for those of you whom I have spoken with, I thank you for taking the time to share your opinion, as it's helpful to gain insight into what matters most for our shareholders. For those of you who are new to the IFF story, our organization has had a lot of success over the past 5 years. Through our 3-pillar strategy, we are now much stronger strategically, innovatively and financially. We will continue to drive performance through sustainable profitable growth, which in turn will lead to incremental shareholder value. To that end, we have embarked on a strategic refresh, where we are pressure testing our current 3-pillar strategy to ensure we are maximizing our performance. Incorporated into this process is much of the insight I mentioned earlier, but it also includes guidance from an external consulting firm to ensure a deep and broad range of perspectives. This refresh is currently underway and will continue for the next couple of months. We expect to communicate our 2020 vision at our June 2 Investor Day in New York City. Turning now to the full year 2014 results. We are pleased to report that for the fourth time in 5 years, IFF achieved its long-term financial targets. We met or exceeded our sales, operating profit and EPS goals and, at the same time, continued to invest in R&D, manufacturing and commercial resources to strengthen our business. Local currency sales grew 5% on a consolidated basis, driven by new win performance and the acquisition of Aromor. The emerging markets, which grew 3x faster than the developed markets on a local currency basis in 2014, now represents approximately 50% of total sales, which we believe is best in class within our industry. Excluding item impacting comparability, adjusted operating profit increased 11%, led by a 60 basis point improvement in gross margin, disciplined cost control and lower incentive compensation expense. The net impact was positive, as adjusted operating profit margin expanded 120 basis points to 19.5%. From an EPS perspective, we benefited from a lower tax rate and gained incremental leverage via our share repurchase program. As a result, adjusted diluted EPS improved 14% to $5.08 per share, which is a company record. Beyond financial results, 2014 was a year of achievement and progress. For example, we are very proud of our accomplishments in the area of sustainability. In 2014, we were included in the CDP Climate Disclosure Leadership Index and opened the largest solar field in our industry. And just recently, Aromor, our in-house naturals facility, and its partner in Turkey, were awarded the For Life Social Responsibility Certification for IMO. 2014 also saw some key investments into the business. We opened our new creative facility in Jakarta and a new sales office and lab in Chile. And just last week, we opened our new Flavors facility in Chicago, expanding our coverage in the Midwest of the United States. On the R&D front, we have made advancements in our external collaborations and continued work with our Scientific Advisory Board. And with the successful integration of Aromor into our Fragrance business, we are already seeing positive results and expect this positive momentum to continue in the coming year. Finally, 2014 was also a year of celebration. Globally, it was IFF's 121st anniversary, an event celebrated in IFF sites around the world. It was our fifth anniversary of our membership at the New York Stock Exchange. And what a perfect year it was formally to launch our core corporate values of passion, creativity, expertise and empowerment, which was a grassroots campaign directly from our employees themselves. Overall, I'm very pleased with our accomplishments in 2014 and look forward to continue the success. With that, I would like now to pass on to Matthias.
Matthias Haeni: Thank you, Andreas, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. I'm happy to report that Flavors local currency sales grew 6% in the fourth quarter, which was our strongest performance in 2014. Our overall growth was driven by 7% increase in the emerging markets, including double-digit performance in India, the South Cone of Latin America, Africa and selected markets in Southeast Asia as well as a 6% improvement in the developed markets. On a category basis, Beverages grew double digit with broad-based growth across all regions. This strong performance was the result of our creative team's ability to provide innovative solutions that are differentiating and satisfy consumer desires for healthier and better-for-you products. Growth in Savory was also solid, improving mid-single digits globally, led by strong new wins. EAME[ph] local currency sales growth was strong, increasing 7%, as our performance continued to improve sequentially versus Q2 and Q3 over 2014. Results were driven by strong double-digit growth in Beverages and mid-single-digit increases in Savory and Sweet, all a result of new win performance. I would like to highlight also that within EAME, the mature markets of Western Europe were up mid-single digits. Greater Asia was solid, posting a 3% local currency sales growth, led by mid-single digit improvement in Savory and in Beverages. Southeast Asia and Japan continued to post solid growth, yet was offset by softness in China, where overall consumer sentiment and weaker economic conditions impacted results. In North America, conditions continued to improve. As we said, even earlier this year growing 7% year-over-year in Q4. This improvement can primarily be attributed to strong growth in Dairy and in Beverages, which were both a result of strong innovation geared to support our customers' need for healthier, better-for-you products that maintain consumer preference. Latin America continues to be our strongest-performing region, up 13% on a local currency basis, as a result of our successful delivery systems. This marks the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, which is a clear indication of the value innovation has on our business. From our -- from a profitability perspective, segment profit increased 5% and segment margin improved 10 basis points to 20.4%. On a full year basis, local currency sales grew 4%, led by Latin America and EAME. Full year segment profit totaled $331 million versus $323 million in the prior year and our segment profit margin remained constant at 22.7%. In addition to our solid financial results, it has been a great year for Flavors in terms of geographic expansion, as we opened or improved facilities in all 4 regions over the last 12 months. Last week, I joined the North America Flavors team for the opening of a brand-new facility in Chicago, where we now have applications and flavors labs as well as a culinary center. In November, we announced the opening of a new site in Chile in Latin America and a new creative center in Indonesia, Greater Asia. And in EAME, we invested in a new regional dairy center in Hilversum, the Netherlands. These new facilities enhance collaboration and allow us to partner more closely with our customers, building differentiating taste solutions. As we also launched our Always Vanilla campaign, which many of you, you will see at the CAGNY next week, showcasing our expertise with this key ingredient. In addition, our consumer insights team developed new tools such as trend evaluation [ph], powerful programs to help our customers win in the marketplace by identifying key consumer trends at the very early stage. I'm proud of all our 2014 achievements as we build strong for years to come. In 2015, we expect growth to continue to drive -- to be driven by new win performance. Looking at Q1 specifically, while it is still early we are seeing indications of strong growth. I will now turn the call over to Nicolas.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Matthias. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. I am pleased to report that Fragrance local currency sales grew 7% this quarter, including 2 percentage points of growth related to Aromor acquired earlier in the year. Our overall performance reflects mid to high single-digit growth across all regions. The developed market for our Fragrance Compound business, which includes Consumer Fragrances and Fine Fragrance, was strong, growing 7%. This was led by high single-digit performance in North America where we continue to benefit from being added to a new core list. On a category basis, Consumer Fragrance performance was stronger, growing 8% as Fabric Care, Home Care and Hair Care all grew double digits. North America and Latin America both grew high single digits, followed by mid-single digits in EAME and Greater Asia. It should be noted that this marks the 13th consecutive quarter of Consumer Fragrance growth. Fine Fragrance local currency sales declined by 1% against a very strong 13% growth reported in the year-ago period and 24% growth in Q4 2012. Our double-digit performance in Greater Asia was more than offset by weakness in EAME, which compared to a 32% growth rate reported in the fourth quarter of 2013 as well as softness in Latin America. Turning now to our Ingredients business. Local currency sales increased 13%, including incremental sales from Aromor. This performance reflects strong growth of specialty ingredients, including Aromor as well as key product families from IFF, including naturals. From a profitability perspective, Fragrance segment profit increased 23% or $14 million to $76 million. This strong improvement in segment profit and segment margin reflects top line growth, lower incentive compensation expenses versus a strong year-ago period and productivity initiatives, including savings from the closure of our Augusta, Georgia Ingredients plant, which all combined to offset rising input costs. The net result was robust. Our segment profit margin expanded 290 basis points to 19.1%. On a full year basis, local currency sales growth was strong, growing 7%, led by a double-digit growth in Greater Asia and high single-digit growth in EAME, along with the addition of Aromor earlier this year. Every region and every category in our Fragrance Compound business had positive growth. On a category perspective, Fine Fragrances increased 2% on top of the 8% we reported for the full year of 2013. And consumer fragrance sales grew 5% against an 8% comparison, supported by advancements in our market-leading encapsulation technology. Fragrance Ingredients, which benefited from the addition of Aromor, was up 18% in 2014. Looking at profitability for the full year, segment profit grew 18% and segment profit margin expanded 210 basis points year-over-year. 2014 was a very strong year for Fragrances outside of our financial results. We launched 2 new captives fragrance molecules, received the For Life designation for our Aromor naturals portfolio. We successfully integrated Aromor. We strengthened our leading encapsulation technology. We established a new strategic insight group, and we were acknowledged for climate leadership by the Carbon Disclosure project. From a customer perspective, we successfully gained access to 3 new core lists, secured meaningful wins with key customers leveraging our leading encapsulation technology and created the #1 men's fragrance in the U.S., Invictus by Paco Rabanne, which was previously launched with great success in Europe in 2013. All in, 2014 was a year of accomplishment, and I would like to thank the entire IFF team for their many contributions. In 2015, we expect continued growth, driven by strong new win performance. With respect to Q1, we believe we can deliver modest growth as we are facing our most challenging year-ago comparison. With that, I will now turn the call over to Rich.
Richard A. O'Leary: Thank you, Nicolas. Good morning, and good afternoon to everyone. Looking at our Q4 results, net sales in the fourth quarter were up 7% on a local currency basis, led by a high single-digit growth in Latin America, North America and EAME. This quarter also benefited by approximately 2 percentage points associated with an additional week of sales or the 53rd week, which generally occurs every 6 years. The emerging markets grew 6%, while developed markets increased 5%. While local currency sales grew 7%, net sales increased 4%, reflecting a stronger U.S. dollar versus most currencies. Slight decline in gross margins year-over-year, which was driven by higher input costs, was more than offset by ongoing control of our research, selling and administrative expenses and lower incentive compensation costs versus the strong prior year results. As a result, our adjusted operating profit increased 18% to $133 million and our adjusted operating profit margin improved 210 basis points to 17.5% this quarter. Finally, adjusted EPS grew 17% to $1.07, as year-over-year gains and adjusted operating profit were partially offset by a slightly higher adjusted tax rate and interest expense. To factor in year-over-year comparisons in looking at our top line growth, I thought it would be helpful to include a 2-year average local currency sales growth chart by quarter to highlight the underlying trends. As you can see, in Q4, local currency sales growth accelerated sequentially, growing 7% on a 2-year average basis. If we exclude the impact of the additional week of sales in the fourth quarter, the 2-year average growth rate is 6%, which is in line with the trends we've seen in the first half of 2014. The improvement versus Q3 is primarily attributable to Flavors, which was more in line with historical norms. Quickly putting our full year results into perspective, I want to highlight that our 2014 performance was within our long-term targets and continue the strong trends we've seen over the past 3 and 5 years. RSA as a percent of sales decreased 220 basis points from 28.3% of sales to 26.1% of sales. The year-over-year decline was driven primarily by lower incentive compensation expense. Our continued focus to control cost and drive process improvements remains a priority, and by doing so, allows us to reinvest in R&D and commercial resources to build competitive advantage for our business long term. In Q4, R&D as a percent of sales remained within our 8% to 9% target range at 8.2% of sales. Now taking a look at currency. Here, you see our usual chart showing the change of the euro relative to the U.S. dollar, as the movement in euro represents our largest exposure relative to the impact on overall results. Foreign exchange movements in Q4 had approximately 3% negative impact on our top line performance. While on a full year basis, it was negligible. As a reminder, the U.S. dollar strengthening versus the world's currencies does not necessarily materially impact IFF in many emerging markets, as 2/3 of our sales are tied directly or indirectly to hard currencies, primarily the U.S. dollar. Looking to 2015, approximately 2/3 of our euro exposure from an operating profit perspective is now hedged at $1.32 rate, a little bit below the full year average for 2014. And while this significantly reduces our exposure for 2015, at current rates of around $1.13, we believe it will have a little more that 3% -- 3 percentage point negative impact on operating profit in 2015 based on an almost 15% strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the euro. In addition, at a current rate of $1.13, we would expect to see approximately 5 percentage point negative impact on our 2015 reported sales, as we do not hedge the translation impact on our top line but rather protect our overall operating profit by hedging our raw material purchases. This impact is included in our full year 2015 guidance that Andreas will speak to more about momentarily. Now turning to a cash flow perspective. Our operating cash flows in 2014 was $518 million or 16.8% of sales compared to $408 million or 13.8% of sales in the prior year period. The increase in cash flow from operations was driven primarily by an increase in net income, lower amounts associated with Spanish tax payments and lower year-over-year pension contributions. Our core working capital levels continue to show improvement year-over-year as a percent of sales, as our 5-quarter rolling average figures through the end of the quarter are down 60 basis points to just above 29% of our trailing 12-month sales. From a capital structure standpoint, capital spending focused on growth and infrastructure was a significant use of cash. Over the past 3 years, we have been investing approximately 4.5% of sales on adding capacity and new technology where it's needed to optimize our geographic footprint and deliver winning solution to our customers around the globe. In 2014, we are in line with our target as CapEx as a percent of sales was 4.6%. For 2015, we expect a similar level between 4% and 5%, and then we believe it will revert back to a more normalized level of between 3% and 3.5% going forward. Finally, regarding our share buyback program. In 2014, we have spent approximately $88 million on share buybacks. This, combined with our dividend payments, resulted in total cash return to our shareholders of $221 million or 53% of net income. I'll now turn the call back over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rich. As we look ahead to 2015, we believe our business is well positioned for continued performance that generates returns for our shareholders, despite macroeconomic uncertainty and increasing currency pressure. We have a well-balanced geographic profile, a diverse product portfolio and a very strong innovation pipeline that sets us apart from the competition. We believe this breadth and diversity provides our investors with an attractive combination of sustainable growth and strong cash flow generation. As such, our local currency sales are expected to grow in line with our 4% to 6% long-term target, with balanced growth across both businesses. We also expect to see operating profit in 2015 grow in line with our long-term target of 7% to 9%, albeit at the low end of the range given the impact of our unhedged portion of our euro exposure. We set up our expected incentive-based comp and expense to 100% target level and modest inflation in our raw material costs. Given that we are at the low end of our operating profit range, we expect to see EPS grow high single digits on a reported basis or double digits on a constant currency basis. In summary, 2014 was a successful year. We achieved our long-term financial targets for the fourth time in 5 years, continued to invest in R&D to drive innovation and differentiation, made great strides in sustainability, benefited from the integration of Aromor and advanced external collaboration, all critical for future success. On a full year 2015 basis, we are confident that we should be able to deliver top line and operating profit growth in line with our long-term targets, despite some headwinds, such as the macroeconomic uncertainty, currency pressure and modest raw material inflation. Before I close, I want to remind everyone that we will be presenting at CAGNY next Thursday, February 19. I hope to see many of you at the presentation, but also at our correspondents' dinner, where we will showcase some of the art and science aspects of our business. With that, we are happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I guess, one housekeeping question first. What was the benefit to EBIT and EPS in the quarter from the extra week, Rich? And then secondly, sort of broadly, I'm trying to understand the sales growth expectations for 2015, given the volume weakness that many of your customers are seeing. What gives you the confidence -- obviously, you had a good fourth quarter on tough comparisons, but what gives you the confidence that, that's going to continue? And then sort of related to that, how are you thinking about pricing as a contributor absolutely and relative to the benefit in 2014 that's embedded in that number?
Richard A. O'Leary: Mark, I'll start with the first one and then let Andreas talk to the top line. As we noted earlier, the impact from the top line perspective was about 2% -- 2 percentage points of additional growth. But when translating that into operating profit -- in fact, you need to remember that the fourth quarter is our weakest quarter in terms of overall gross margin profile. And in December -- within the quarter, December is generally weaker within the quarter. This, combined with some RSA expense -- higher RSA expenses in December, I'd say that the overall impact from an operating profit standpoint was marginally positive.
Andreas Fibig: Okay. And I'll take it Rich on the sales growth. Mark, I would answer the following as first of all, we have a very good and balanced portfolio across our 2 business units. We have good innovation right now, which we can offer our customers. We have a good balance between the emerging markets and the established markets. And actually, if you look at our customer base, it's not just the big global customers, we have -- almost 50% of our sales was local and regional customers, and here we see growth as well. So all in all, we believe it would be a good perspective, 4% to 6% growth in local currency for 2015.
Richard A. O'Leary: And Mark, can we go back to the third question around the pricing impact? Since, what, the middle of 2014, we've been talking about pricing pressure and input cost pressure, particularly in the naturals. Key items such as orange, lemon-lime, vanilla and patchouli are all up significantly. These increases have started to flow through our cost of sales. And as I mentioned earlier, we actually saw that impact our fourth quarter gross margins pretty significantly. We've been continuing to proactively work with our customers and address these pricing pressures. On the other side, from an oil perspective and how that impacts our results going forward, it's important to remember that we're 2 or 3 or 4 steps down the chain from a derivative standpoint off of oil. And so I think overall, based on what we see today, that impact coming in later in 2015, we still expect to see overall input costs up on the order, I'm going to call it, about 1% for 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was hoping you could give a little bit of color to the Fragrance margin expansion because that was really significant and just whether or not that is -- I guess, sources of it and whether or not that should be sustainable going forward.
Richard A. O'Leary: Lauren, a couple of things. It's Rich. I mean, first, good top line growth and leverage throughout the P&L were certainly a key driver of that. As we mentioned in the commentary, that more than offset the impact of higher input costs, which were up significantly or noticeably in the fourth quarter. And then another big driver was incentive compensation expense. Last year, results in both businesses were quite strong. On the Fragrance side this year, I'd say they were closer -- or more closer to normal levels, so we also have a benefit of incentive comp. So top line growth, incentive comp benefit more than offset input costs.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: And Lauren, it's Nicolas. Also to add to this, we also continue to see the benefit of the multiyear productivity initiatives that we have put in place, number one. And number two also, we are getting the benefit of the closure of our Augusta facility. So all the restructuring are for manufacturing footprint that we had shared with all of you of our Ingredients business is also paying dividend.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then also, Nicolas, you mentioned -- I know there were 3 new core lists this year. But then I think the commentary for Q4, you specifically, I think, like talked about one of them. So when do -- is it the right way to think about it that you kind of lapped that benefit? Because it sounds like the access to core lists or the wins that came with it. Or is it more just it's ongoing because of access to more business?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I think it's ongoing. As you start, you're building up your portfolio of initiatives and you are increasing your ability, so you're increasing your market access and you're increasing your growth opportunities. But we are very pleased with the initial start, with the engagement with these -- with new core list.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Silke Kueck for Jeff. I was wondering whether you can talk about the product launches on the Flavors side in Latin America. I noticed that the volume growth was up, I don't know, 16% in local currency this year and I think that's on top of maybe like 11% last year. So what are the new proprietary delivery systems? And is that something specific to the region? Maybe you can give us clarity.
Matthias Haeni: Yes, thank you. This is Matthias speaking. Well, as we communicated on our Q2 and Q3 calls, these are higher than normal volume growth and also due to select few customers cycling product launches last year. As you cycle those few products, performance in Q4 significantly improved in North America led by strong new wins, particularly in Flavor, taste solutions for healthier products, which really made a significant difference to the new win performance throughout in North America.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: How about the growth in Latin America?
Matthias Haeni: In Latin America, our growth was very strong, in large driven by a new proprietary IFF technology solutions. We mentioned to you in earlier calls that we very successfully launched new delivery systems, but it's not only the delivery system, which gives a more authentic performance of the flavor. We were also very successful with very strong inroads in many new product launches, which are reducing calories, which are processing again better-for-you performance products.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And I had a follow-up question on share repurchases. My memory is that there was -- there's like a $250 million share repurchase program that was launched and -- that was initiated in early 2012. Is it sort of completed? Is there anything left to continue to repurchase shares in '15? And is it part of your earnings guidance?
Richard A. O'Leary: Silke, it's Rich. As you said, the original authorization was $250 million. We have approximately $100 million, maybe a little bit less, remaining on that authorization. So we will expect that -- to continue that into 2015. As we've talked about on prior calls, we have a very structured approach in terms of how those -- how the share repurchases are implemented based on the price of the -- stock price in the marketplace. If the stock price is higher, we'll buy back less. If it's lower, we'll buy back more. But our guidance does reflect the expected share purchases in 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I just wanted to follow up on 2 things. One was the new wins in Fragrances. One, I just wanted to clarify, is that mostly in developed markets? And then sort of what's driving those new wins? Is it your encapsulation technology? Or is it -- I just want to think about like what your competitive advantages are versus your other large competitors. And then just on the Flavors side, if you could talk about -- maybe is there a way to think about what percentage of your Flavors portfolio now is geared towards better-for-you or health and wellness products?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Faiza, it's Nicolas. So regarding the new wins, actually, we have a very well-balanced portfolio of new wins in both developed and emerging markets. And we spoke about it last quarter as we were going to 2015, the newly gained access to core lists, which are giving us a benefit also in Europe and North America. As you had correctly identified, our leading encapsulation technology has given an access the new wins and will continue to give us growth with the technology in both '15 and 2016. So the pipe is stronger. We're expanding into new categories and we're supporting very interesting and attractive growth opportunities with our customers.
Matthias Haeni: Coming back to your question on the portfolio or the innovation program on what we can capitalize on the many investments we have done for health and wellness. I cannot share with you exactly what is the mix and how much really of new product which we have in the portfolio that are geared for health and wellness. But I can confirm to you that more than half of all the new wins are geared towards health and wellness not only in the developed markets, but also in developing markets. And when I'm referring to health and wellness, I'm referring to reduced sugar content, less sodium, less fats. I'm referring to mouthfeel. I'm referring to many other very innovative taste solutions as the industry moves more and more from flavors into taste.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then if I could just follow up on guidance for next year, like what's going to drive some of the margin growth? Because this year, it seems like it was -- there was some pricing, there was better commodities and then there was incentive comp rolling over and some of the productivity savings. So is that going to go through next year? Or is it really just better sales leverage?
Richard A. O'Leary: No. There's -- I mean, embedded in our model in the guidance is leverage through the P&L. That 4% to 6% growth translates into 7% to 9% operating profit growth, and we talked about some of the pressures at the EPS level that make that the last leg at the lower end of our guidance. The leverage will be a little bit less this year, as we've talked about early, given currency pressures and incentive comp reset. But we build into our expectations leverage at -- throughout the P&L and that we would expect that to continue next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Feeney with Athlos Research.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research LLC: A couple of questions. Is there any way, first of all, of giving us a sense how much of the sales here -- in the places where you're really growing, that's across the board in Fragrances and in the emerging markets within Flavors. How much of that is share gain versus your big global competitors versus you coming up with new products in the pipeline, if you will, for customers that we just haven't seen yet maybe?
Richard A. O'Leary: This is Rich. I'll start with some general comments and I can turn it over to Nicolas and Matthias to fill in where they feel appropriate. I think overall, as we mentioned earlier, the growth -- in Q4, we saw an improvement in terms of our commercial performance, the win/loss fulfillments compared to particularly the third quarter. So that's a component of the driver. Volume erosion on existing business was again a little bit more favorable in Q4 compared to Q3. So I think it's -- those are some of the drivers. Ultimately, longer term, as we've said in our commentary, our growth going forward is going to be largely driven by commercial performance and our wins in the marketplace.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Rich. I can outline on this as well. Over the last few years, as you may know, we have made significant investments in our geographical footprint. We invested in many new locations and creative centers to be closer to our customers. We also expanded significantly our account base in many of the markets and not only into the emerging markets, but also in the more developed markets. And including U.S. such with the opening of Chicago. You may understand that we want to have a different proximity to our accounts. We want to engage at a much earlier stage. And as a result of the many investments in our geographical footprint, in the expansion of it, we are engaging with more customers at the earliest stage. I cannot tell you to which extent we will be gaining market share. But I can share with you when we measure our performance, as expressed by Rich, in the commercial performance, so we are eliminating the volume erosion or volume increase. We are very satisfied with the performance in Q4 and overall in 2014.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Jon, it's Nicolas. I think it's a combination of different factors. Number one, we're able to leverage our longstanding presence and leadership in emerging markets; also, the newly gained access to core list, which are really impacting our performance in developed markets. And then it's really the results of the consumer insights, excellence and investment that was done over the last decade. And combined with the technology, especially the leading encapsulation technology, providing superior performance, but also superior consumer acceptance for the brands we engage with. So it was a lot of investment in fundamentals that are now all combined that are actually providing that momentum.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research LLC: Okay, great. And, Rich, just I'm relatively new. I've only covered stock for a couple of years. I wasn't around for the last extra week. I'm trying to understand why a business -- most of the food and beverage companies I've covered, they have a 14th week that it's something more like a 7% or 8% effect on sales in a quarter as opposed to 2%. Is there -- what is it about the sale cycle or the linearities of the weeks in the fourth quarter particularly that makes it only a 2% impact? And how did you -- when was the last extra week? Because I couldn't find it looking through. And how did you handle it last time?
Richard A. O'Leary: Okay, a couple of things. It happens generally every 6 years, depending upon the cut-offs. But it's generally, I would say, every 6 years. Within our industry as we're more B2B than consumer oriented, the second half of December by itself is quite light as it is. In the case of this week, you think about this week, it ended on January 2. You've got maybe 2.5 days at most of true shipping days available, and our customers are also looking at their supply chains. And that -- those are probably the key drivers on why it's not going to have a comparable impact that you might see in a consumer products company.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Athlos Research LLC: And I guess, I mean, there's a second half of December that you're lapping as well. Is it -- do people change their order cycles or something like that, I mean, in the quarter? And I just -- you -- do I just have to go back and look? I don't -- do you know off the top of your head when the last extra week was, last time you did a 50...
Richard A. O'Leary: Yes. I'll go back and look. But I would say it's 6 years ago. When you think about -- why you probably don't see it is when you translate that into a full year impact, we're talking about plus or minus 50 basis points on a full year basis, so that's probably why we haven't -- that's why it's not going to be highlighted.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Andreas, this is maybe an industry question or you can answer it as IFF. But ADM bought Wild recently. And after Investor Day, it sounded like they're targeting several billion dollars more of specialty food ingredient acquisitions higher than the legacy ADM. Do you think the Flavors business is going to have to have ancillary products or bolt-ons to broaden their portfolio? Just a few minutes ago, you mentioned this move from flavors towards taste. And I don't know if you go even broader than that in the food ingredients area.
Andreas Fibig: John, thank you for that question. It's certainly a good industry question. And we see that with the acquisition of Wild by ADM that they move, sort of say, into like a new player on the lower end of the flavors market. And we will see how the integration of Wild in ADM will work out and what they do next. So that -- actually, we don't see any impact at the moment on our business. Particularly, if we look at our business, it's more in terms of specialization. It's more based on our innovation and technology. So at the moment, we don't see too much overlap with our business. But nevertheless, we will monitor the situation. We will see how that comes out.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then for Rich, since you hedge, the potential eventual impact of the current foreign exchange rate is pushed out. How far out are you hedged? And at that time, if you go out beyond the hedges, what would be the run rate headwinds of foreign exchange versus 2014?
Richard A. O'Leary: Well, as I said, in the early commentary, we're about 2/3 hedged for 2015. We've got -- we start -- we layer in the hedging month-by-month in a very programmed, disciplined approach. We're hedged -- we're partially hedged certainly not to the 2/3 extent that we are in 2015 for 2016. Then the impacts of the hedges roll through. And as we're hedging raw material purchases, the impact in terms of when it affects our P&L, there's a time lag difference between when the contracts are closed out and then we offset the impacts on a P&L perspective. So I think the best I can tell you is what I've talked about earlier in the commentary, which given the current euro exposure rates and assuming $1.13, we think it's about a 3% headwind on the operating profit level versus a 5% headwind on the top line.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. That was a 2015 comment right?
Richard A. O'Leary: '15. Beyond...
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes. And I was kind of looking what kind of run rate number would be further out.
Richard A. O'Leary: I think we want to focus our commentary and feedback on '15. That's too far out beyond that.
Operator: And you have a follow-up question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Two questions as follow-up. So one, Rich, just on RSA expenses x R&D, x incentive comp, is there an opportunity for leveraging the remaining piece of that since it's still fairly large as a percentage of sales? And then Andreas, I was sort of intrigued by your -- how much about this health and wellness are driving growth in the quarter or the new business wins. Any idea where the adoption of health and wellness by geography is? It seems like Europe might be a little bit further along in the adoption curve. Any idea where North America is versus Latin America, Asia? If you can separate it between developed and developing markets that would be sort of helpful.
Andreas Fibig: Rich?
Richard A. O'Leary: Mark, let me just start with your first question. Again, from a leverage standpoint, we expect to have leverage throughout the P&L. And as I think in addition to that, we are constantly looking for ways to drive process efficiency and savings in the organization that allows us to then reinvest in R&D, commercial, business development-related expenses to grow the business. So I would expect to continuously leverage in 2015.
Andreas Fibig: Matthias?
Matthias Haeni: Coming to your question on the activity level from health and wellness launches or health and wellness programs, I would say that Western Europe and North America is significantly more advanced versus many other geographies. Yet when it comes to sugar, we also see a lot in Latin America. A few countries have introduced the so-called sugar tax introduction. So you're paying additional taxes if you have a high sugar content or a high calorie content in products, and it simply forces a lot of manufacturers to take calories out and the overall advantage also for the consumer is changing dramatically. I don't think that in many parts of Asia health and wellness in form of reduced sugar is much advanced. We see though first signs, particularly in India and some other markets. I think it will take probably a few more years there until we see the same engagement and activity level as we would -- as we right now see in Latin America, in Western Europe or in North America. I hope this answers your question.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: It does. Is there any impact on the Fragrances side as you sort of shift in the same fields?
Andreas Fibig: Nicolas?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mark, a few things, I think, that you see in terms of wellness, a lot of promoting, better hygiene overall. So it's what are the different habits that the brands can be promoting. But we are, obviously, looking at what are the solution, following the flavor trend in that respect that can be supporting the needs for consumers. So within our sustainability initiatives, we're also strengthening our portfolio in R&D to meet future consumer demand.
Operator: And your next question comes from Curt Siegmeyer with KeyBanc.
Curtis Alan Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. You guys had some costs associated with the new plant in the third quarter in the Flavor segment. Is it -- that doesn't seem to have repeated here in the fourth quarter. Is that safe to say that's behind us now?
Richard A. O'Leary: Yes. I think the other thing that you start to see in the fourth quarter is some of the productivity savings that Nicolas talked about on the Fragrance side of the business. So I think the impacts of that, as we exit 2014, we're then going to be on an apples-to-apples basis.
Curtis Alan Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one other one on North American flavors market, which you guys sort of touched on some new product introductions that sort of helped in the quarter. What's kind of the health of the underlying market? I know you said that, that seems to have gotten a little less bad. But is it the right way to look at it the underlying market is down and you guys are growing maybe low to mid-single digits all from new product introductions? Or what's kind of the delta there.
Matthias Haeni: Well, we are mainly growing, thanks to new product introductions. I cannot tell you that our volume is really increasing a lot. I think the conditions in North American market as such, they are not really that encouraging overall from -- in the food and beverage industry as reported by many of our customers. We are, however, really satisfied with the traction which we have, with the inroads we made, thanks to differentiating flavor technology.
Andreas Fibig: So then I would like to close the call here. Thank you very much for your questions, and I hope I see many of you during the CAGNY conference next week in Boca. Thank you. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's International Flavors & Fragrances conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelley Young - Director of Investor Relations Andreas Fibig - Chief Executive Officer and Director Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President of Fragrances Matthias Haeni - Group President of Flavors Kevin C. Berryman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Curtis Alan Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Athlos Research LLC John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Shelley Young, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Shelley Young: Thank you. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to IFF's Third Quarter 2014 Conference Call. Earlier today, we distributed a press release announcing our third quarter results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at www.iff.com. This call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statement, which I will read out loud. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to our outlook for the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2014. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 2013 10-K filed on February 25, 2014, and our press release that we filed this morning, all of which are available on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items which we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued earlier today and is on our website. With me on the call today is Andreas Fibig, our CEO; Nicolas Mirzayantz, our President of Fragrances; Matthias Haeni, our President of Flavors; and Kevin Berryman, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I would now like to turn the call over to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Shelley. And good morning, good afternoon to everyone. This is my first earnings call as CEO of IFF, and I wanted to say how I -- pleased I am to be part of this great organization. During my first 2 months, I've had the opportunity to travel to many parts of the IFF world visiting customers and employees in Latin America, Europe and the United States; and just returned from an exciting trip to India and the Middle East, where I saw firsthand how we combine our core values of passion, creativity and expertise to partner with global and local customers to provide them with products that will delight their consumers. I've also had the chance to speak with several of our analysts and investors, and I look forward to meeting you all in person in due course. I also want to acknowledge our former CEO and current Chairman, Doug Tough, for providing a seamless transition. His insight, guidance and advice have proven beneficial, and I thank him for all of his support. As you may know, my career has been devoted to biopharmaceuticals, a different industry but one with many similarities to the flavors and fragrance industry. Both industries operate on a global scale. Both depend on constant innovation to deliver success. Both demand consistent focus on productivity and excellence in implementation. And both require extremely close collaboration with customers and consumer insight. IFF is a company with extensive global reach, a successful culture of innovation, strong financial results and passionate employees. I personally believe we can continue to improve our long-term business performance and increase shareholder value by executing our 3-pillar strategy of leveraging our geographic reach, strengthening our innovation platform and maximizing our portfolio. We are currently refreshing our strategy to make sure we have the necessary road map to drive our future growth. To put this in context, like any healthy company, we will regularly pressure test our priorities. All that being said, IFF has a strong foundation, and therefore, you can expect an evolution of strategy, not a revolution, as we look to how we can best work in close collaboration and partnership with our customers and their brands, continue to win in the marketplace and provide value for our shareholders. Turning to the agenda of today's call. I will provide an overview of the third quarter results for consolidated IFF; followed by Nicolas and Matthias, who will provide their perspective from the performance of our Fragrance and flavor business segments. Then Kevin will provide you with a financial overview of our third quarter and first 9 months of the year, and he will then turn the call back over to me for balance-of-year outlook and some concluding comments before opening the call for your questions. Turning to the third quarter of 2014. We continue to report solid growth, thanks to the diversity of our business and continued momentum in the emerging markets, where we now have 50% of our sales, more than any of our competitors. Our local currency sales growth of 4%, which includes a point of growth relating to the Aromor acquisition, was in line with our expectations and similar to the second quarter. Fragrances reported local currency sales growth of 5%, while Flavors reported local currency sales growth of 2%. We achieved solid growth in every region, with the exception of North America where we continued to face a challenging environment. In general, the trend on volume erosion improved over the prior quarter, but new win performance was at the low end of historical levels. Latin America was our best-performing region, increasing 9% in local currency. Flavors continued its very strong momentum, posting double-digit growth, while Fragrances grew high single digits in the region. Greater Asia increased 4% in local currency. Double-digit growth in Fine Fragrances and improved flavor results drove our performance in this region. EAME was up 6% in local currency as a result of strong performance by both business units in the Middle East. North America continues to be challenging market for both Flavors and Fragrances. The adjusted operating profit increased 7%, reflecting an increase in gross profit dollars, combined with reduced research, selling and administrative expense, while third quarter adjusted EPS increased a percentage point faster than our adjusted operating profit, growing 8% to $1.32. On a year-to-date base, our local currency sales increased 5%, reflecting 6% growth in the emerging markets and 1% in the developed markets, in line with our long-term sales growth targets of 4% to 6%. Our business unit Fragrances was up 7% on a year-to-date base, in part due to the Aromor acquisition, while Flavors had local currency sales growth of 3%. Our fastest-growing regions on a consolidated basis for the first 9 months in 2014 were Greater Asia, Latin America and EAME, which were strong growth in many emerging market countries around the world which are large markets for IFF. Sales growth, combined with year-to-date gross margin improvement, resulted in the company's adjusted operating profit increase of 9%, at the upper end of the range of our long-term target of 7% to 9%. Our adjusted EPS of $4.01 is up 13% year-over-year, reflecting our expanded gross and operating margins, as well as lower interest expense and a lower effective tax rate. Overall, we feel we are very well positioned versus our full year forecast as we head into the fourth quarter. I would now like to turn the call over to Nicolas and Matthias so they can provide greater details on Fragrances and flavor results and operating performance.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Andreas. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Fragrance local currency sales growth this quarter was 5%, including 2 percentage points of growth from Aromor. The overall performance reflect growth in all regions, except North America due to market challenges. The emerging markets continued to be a driver to our growth, up 7% overall. And 51% of our fragrance compound business, which include Consumer Fragrances and Fine Fragrances, were to the emerging markets more than any of our competitors in the industry. Our performance validate the continued work on the part of our teams globally to collaborate and partner with our global, regional and local customers to provide them with innovation and fragrances that will delight their consumers; as well as our investment and expertise in consumer insights. In addition, we continued to benefit from our diverse portfolio of end use product categories, geographies and customers. In that way, new wins in one part of our portfolio can offset challenges in other areas. Our compound business was up 3% in local currency, led by 6% growth in Latin America, 5% growth in Greater Asia and 4% growth in EAME. Turning to our end use categories. Consumer Fragrances increased 4% in local currency this quarter, with widespread growth across all regions led by 7% in EAME and 5% in Latin America. The overall increase was primarily driven by double-digit gains in our Fabric Care category, further solidifying our leadership position in this category. Our strong performance in Fabric Care, in large part, reflects market acceptance of our unique encapsulation technology, which has been a strong driver to our consumer fronts business for many quarters Home Care and Toiletries also experienced growth this quarter. It is also important to note that, on a year-to-date basis, Consumer Fragrances is up 5% in local currency, with growth in all of our end use categories due to our strong consumer insight, partnership with both global and local customers and our pipeline of new products. Moving into Fine Fragrances. Local currency sales declined by 1% this quarter. Strong growth in Latin America and Greater Asia was offset by market weakness in North America, which is facing challenges. On a year-to-date basis, Fine Fragrances is up 3%, which is above market growth in volume. Turning now to our ingredient business. Fragrance Ingredients delivered growth of 16%, including sales from Aromor. Ingredient organic growth was 2%. This performance reflects strong growth of specialty ingredients, including Aromor; as well as key IFF product families, including naturals. On a year-to-date basis, Ingredients are up 20%, including sales growth from Aromor. In summary, we achieved good growth this quarter fueled by the emerging markets and double-digit growth in Fabric Care. From a profitability perspective, productivity improvements and cost-savings initiatives were marginally offset by mix due to a decline in our Fine Fragrances sales. In addition, our operating cost reflects lower level of incentive comps. The net result was positive, as segment profit increased 7% or $5 million year-over-year and segment profit margin expanded 20 basis points to 20.9%. On a year-to-date basis, our segment profit has increased by $38 million or 17%. I'd like to add more color on the state of our business before turning to our forecast. I am pleased to report that we gain entrance into a new core leased in North America, reflecting months of work by our teams. We made progress on our Fragrance Ingredients Rationalization plan that started in the second quarter of 2013. We closed our Augusta, Georgia ingredient manufacturing facility during the quarter, and we are beginning to see the cost savings, which we -- are being used to offset the startup cost associated with our newer plants. We also made progress on our sustainability journey this quarter. IFF was identified as a leader in climate change reporting, and we will now be included in the Climate Disclosure Leadership Index as part of the Carbon Disclosure Project. You may recall that, over the summer, we opened the largest solar installation in the flavors and fragrance industry in our facility in Hazlet, New Jersey. This put us at the forefront of using renewable energy in the flavors and fragrance industry. We continue to make progress in our integration with Aromor. We are meeting key milestones, and we are pleased with the collaboration and progress, especially on the innovation front. Turning now to our fourth quarter outlook. We are comparing to a very strong Q4 in 2013, which was driven by double-digit growth in Fine Fragrances and high single-digit growth in Consumer Fragrances. Against this comparable, we are expecting to have modest organic growth in the fourth quarter. I will now turn the call over to Matthias, our Group President of Flavors.
Matthias Haeni: Thank you, Nicolas. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Against a challenging global environment that many of our customers have commented on, Flavors had local currency sales growth of 2% this quarter, up sequentially from 1% growth in the second quarter. The overall performance reflects new wins, which continue to be healthy but were offset by higher volume erosion on existing business. The Flavors business delivered local currency sales growth in Latin America, in Greater Asia and in EAME. The performance in these big regions was offset by a sales decline in North America. Thanks to the emerging markets, our growth drivers to the business increased 6%, while sales to the developed markets declined 2%. Looking at each region in greater detail. EAME had favorable local currency sales growth of 3% this quarter, a sequential improvement over Q2. High single-digit growth in Beverage and low single-digit growth in Dairy were only partially offset by declines in sweets and in Savory. Greater Asia also experienced a sequential improvement over Q2. Local currency growth of 3% was led by high single-digit gains in Savory, only partially offset by declines in Beverages and in sweets. Our performance in North America improved sequentially this quarter due to lower volume erosion in Beverage, as we communicated last quarter. We also saw double-digit gains in Dairy this quarter in North America. Latin America continues to be our strongest-performing region, up 12% in local currency sales. This is the fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in Latin America due to a very strong level of technology-driven wins in Beverages. Our performance overall reflects our strong collaborations with our customers as well as our focus on health and wellness solutions. Our segment operating profit declined 2% to $79.7 million this quarter. Our segment profit margin was 22.2% compared to its 23.2% in the third quarter of 2013. The decline in segment profit and profit margin was driven primarily by weaker operational performance, including less-favorable absorption and new plant costs. Our operating costs reflect a lower level of incentive comp. Turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter. We expect a positive local currency sales momentum in the fourth quarter, with positive growth in North America. Our expectations for improved growth in Q4 is indicative of the positive trends, especially when comparing to the very strong performance of 7% growth in Q4 of 2013. As you know, over the last few years, we have made significant commitment to step up our investments in the emerging markets in order to provide us with the critical capacity-creation capabilities in sales offices to successfully compete in these faster-growing markets. In keeping with these plans, in 2012, we opened a new facility in Singapore, and last year, in the third quarter, we opened our Guangzhou, China facility. With our new investments in manufacturing capacity in Gebze, Turkey and in Jakarta, Indonesia, we will have substantially completed our investment activity. These investments will support our growth for the foreseeable future and position us well with customers in the regions. Due in part of lower sales growth this quarter, we were not able to fully absorb the additional costs related to the startup and opening of our China facility. Given the expected improvement in Q4 sales, the impact of these incremental costs will be reduced. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin, our CFO.
Kevin C. Berryman: Thank you, Matthias. And good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Net sales of $774 million were up 4% on a reported basis and also 4% on a local currency basis, which excludes the effects of foreign currency impacts. Our consolidated sales include the results of Aromor, which added a percentage point to our growth. This quarter, Fragrance comprised 54% of our sales, and Flavors comprised the remaining 46%. Our continued growth in a turbulent, economic and customer environment is again a testament to the strengths and diversity of our portfolio in terms of regions, end use categories and customers. Our diversity and capabilities allows us to realize growth in both challenging and more robust times. The emerging markets grew 6% this quarter and the developed markets declined by 1%, reflecting continued challenges for both Flavors and, Fine Fragrance in North America during the third quarter. Regarding gross margin, productivity and cost savings in the quarter, including the benefits of the closure of our Augusta facility, were offset by the impact of unfavorable mix and operational performance, including lower absorption benefits and new-plant-related costs. The slight decline in gross margin was more than offset by ongoing control of our research, selling and administrative costs and lower incentive compensation costs versus the prior year, reflecting lower top line and operating profit growth versus plan. As a result, our adjusted operating profit increased 7% to $153 million and our adjusted operating profit margin improved 40 basis points to 19.8% this quarter. Our adjusted effective tax rate in the third quarter of 24.5% was favorable to the prior year's rate of 26.2%. The tax rate reduction reflects higher earnings from lower-tax jurisdictions, favorable provision to return adjustments and lower loss provisions, partially offset by higher repatriation costs and the absence of the research and development tax credit in the U.S. in the current quarter. We fully expect the drivers of our lower tax rate, including the greater mix of earnings from lower-tax jurisdictions, to continue to be a driver to our improved effective tax rate for the full year versus year ago. Our operating profit growth and lower effective tax rate drove the year-over-year improvement of 8% in our earnings per share, bringing our adjusted EPS to $1.32. Turning to our 9 months year-to-date results. Note that the growth in all of our metrics for the first 9 months of 2014 are within or above our long-term growth target ranges. Our net sales of $2.3 billion increased 5% on a reported and local currency bases, including approximately a point of growth for Aromor. Supported by improved gross margin, our adjusted operating profit increased 9% in the first 9 months of 2014, reflecting, in part, lower incentive accruals. This equates to a 90 basis point improvement in our operating profit margin to 20.1%. Finally, our adjusted diluted EPS increased 13% to $4.01 for the first 9 months of 2014, a performance level that is well positioned versus our long-term growth target. Turning to our research, selling and administrative costs. RSA as a percent of sales decreased 60 basis points from 24.8% to 24.2% of sales. The decline as a percent of sales was driven primarily by lower incentive compensation expense, partially offset by several discrete items and the addition of Aromor. We have instilled discipline in our cost controls so that we can continue to invest in research and development and position ourselves for continued acceleration in the development of our innovation pipeline. R&D investments will remain a focus to spend remaining above 8% of sales. Here you see our customary chart showing the change in the strength of the euro relative to the dollar, as the movement in the euro represents the largest foreign exchange variable relative to the impact on our results. As noted earlier, foreign exchange movements had a negligible impact on our top line growth. As it relates to our adjusted operating profit and EPS results for the third quarter, year-over-year currency impacts were slightly positive. And at the operating profit line, we continue to proactively manage our gross margin profile through our cash flow hedging programs. As a reminder, the U.S. dollar strengthening versus the world's currencies does not materially impact IFF in many emerging market countries, as 2/3 of our sales are tied to harder currencies in the emerging markets, including the U.S. dollar. Relative to the recent weakness in the euro, as you may know, the euro declined nearly 5% during the month of September and reached a low of $1.25 on October 6. Due to our hedging activities, however, where we've hedged to the euro at a rate of $1.32 for the full year 2014, the majority of our exposure remains protected in 2014. And as a result, the results in Q3 were not again materially impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. And importantly, for 2015, nearly 60% of our euro exposure is now hedged at a rate of $1.34, close to the effective year-to-date average for 2014. This effectively significantly reduces our exposure for 2015. At current rates, we believe the impact to earnings in 2015 to be immaterial. Our operating cash flow in the first 9 months of 2014 was $318 million or 13.6% of sales compared with $257 million or 11.5% of sales in the prior year period. The increase in cash flow from operations was driven by an increase in net income in the first 9 months of 2014, lower amounts of Spanish tax payments this year versus last, lower year-over-year pension contributions, which were partially offset by higher incentive compensation payments in 2014 versus 2013. Importantly, our core working capital levels continue to show improvement year-over-year as a percent of sales, as our 5-quarter rolling average figures through the end of Q3 are down 90 basis points to 29.8% of our trailing 12-month sales versus the same metric year ago. Turning to our capital structure and our uses of cash. As you know, capital spending for growth and infrastructure and newer technology continues to be our most important use of cash. Over the past 3 years, we have been investing approximately 4.5% of sales on adding capacity where it's needed to optimize our geographic footprint and to ensure that our proprietary technologies are available to our customers around the globe. We would expect that our spending will again be in the 4% to 4.5% of sales range for the full year 2014. Regarding our share buyback program, on a year-to-date basis through Q3, we have spent approximately $52.5 million on share buybacks. Clearly, we now expect to spend well above our buyback program spending of $51 million in the prior full year as we will continue to buy back shares during Q4. Finally, as noted, we continue to evaluate M&A opportunities. We are targeting those opportunities that would provide us with access to new technology, geography or a business adjacency that would make strong, strategic sense and leverage our expertise in science and technology. We have the financial flexibility to invest in both these external business development activities as well as support our core organic growth programs such as our "high value at stake" initiatives and other programs designed to drive growth, all while still providing meaningful returns of cash to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. I will now turn the call back to Andreas.
Andreas Fibig: Thank you, Kevin. As you've heard from the team, we've had a solid first 9 months of the year with local currency sales growth of 5% and adjusted operating profit and EPS growth of 9% and 13%, respectively, all very much in line with our long-term targets. Our emphasis on R&D has resulted in a stronger pipeline of innovation. Coming from a pharmaceutical background, I understand how important that is, and I support our continued investment in our key R&D platforms and the programs that support them. Our strong cash flow position provides us with the financial flexibility to continue to invest in growth-enhancing R&D. We have a strong pipeline of innovation that will continue to fuel our growth. We are also studying shifts in the industry in both of our business units to anticipate the future of food and beverage and the future of scent in everyday products so that we can continue to focus our R&D efforts on future-going trends to position IFF well as a strong partner to current and future customers. While our overall performance this quarter puts us on track to deliver our most recent full year estimate of 4% to 6% top line sales growth and double-digit growth in adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per share, our outlook for top line growth for the fourth quarter is similar to the third quarter. And given the strong 7% growth we had in total in both business units in the fourth quarter of 2013, our outlook is indicative of improving trends, especially in Flavors. The fourth quarter will also benefit from an additional week in our 2014 financial calendar. We continue to leverage our innovation and technology to sustain our long-term growth performance. So our key takeaways from this quarter results are as follows. Our quarter 3 sales growth of 4% was driven by continued momentum in the emerging markets and solid new win performance. The strengths and diversity of our portfolio in terms of our customer mix, regions of operations and end use categories provides us with greater stability and allows us to drive growth in challenging times. We continue to expand our operating profit margins due to our culture of passion, creativity, expertise and innovation, and the solid execution of our 3-pillar strategy. We have leveraged our geographic reach, making emerging markets increasingly more important and valuable. This quarter, our emerging markets contributed 50% of our sales growth. We are on target to continue to see this percentage grow. We have opened new manufacturing facilities in China and Singapore and have added new creative centers and sales offices in India and Dubai. As Matthias mentioned, we will be opening additional flavor plants and creative facilities in Turkey and Indonesia. Our global footprint is bigger and better. We intend to win in the emerging markets. IFF is strong on innovation. Our delivery technologies across both businesses continues to expand, with strong commercial acceptance. Aromor and IFF have helped each other more than originally envisioned. We are commercializing innovative solutions, such as our proprietary FlavorFit brand and our fragrance encapsulation technology. We are also partnering with biotech firms to have accesses to sustainable source of cost-effective ingredients in both Flavors and Fragrances. We have continued to support our technology investment priorities by spending a good portion of our money in a very disciplined manner to secure the future and make certain we remain at the forefront of our industry by fueling a pipeline of growth and innovation and making continued investments in consumer insights. Over the past 5 years, under Doug's leadership, IFF has been building its current position of strengths. We are now poised to take advantage of new opportunities for growth across our divisions and markets around the world. We have heard from many of our customers that they are struggling in the current environment. We are continuing to grow in line with our expectations. Our continued volume growth is a testament to the innovation, creative capabilities and consumer insights. We continue to deliver innovation to our customers in both good times and more challenging times. It is an honor and privilege to be part of this wonderful organization, and I'm looking forward to meeting each of you on the phone or listening via webcast. A final note before I close. I'm very pleased to tell you that IFF will be participating at the Consumer Analyst Group of New York, or CAGNY conference, which is the largest consumer conference in the world. It is held in Boca Raton, Florida during the third week in February. IFF will be presenting on Thursday, February 19, and co-sponsoring a dinner that evening. This will be my first investor conference as CEO, and I'm looking forward to meeting many of you there. We are also conducting our biannual Investor Day on June 2, 2015, to be held at a venue in New York City, and we are already gearing up for that event. You will be hearing more about it in the coming months. We will now open the call up to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Silke Kueck, for Jeff. A couple of questions. The first is, what gives you the confidence for like positive volume growth in the fourth quarter in Flavors given that you're running up against 7% local currency growth? But even if you could do flat growth, it would be pretty good.
Matthias Haeni: This is Matthias speaking. Thank you very much for your question. While we are still early in the quarter, we see definitely a very positive strength for the fourth quarter, and we are confident that we will further build on the momentum which we have built on already in Q3 over Q2. We see a positive momentum in North America. As you may recall, in Q3 we shared with you that we will see some continuous pressure in Q3 in North America, particularly because of Beverages, yet we also see improvements. And we are confident that we will see a continued momentum going forward.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Can you quantify what the effects are of the extra week, like, either by the segments or for the company as a whole? Because normally, at the rate of sales per week, this is probably something like $55 million. And even if it's the very end of the year and you used half of that amount, like -- that's like 3% or 4% of growth right there. Is that the reason why you're more confident about the fourth quarter sales growth? Or maybe you can just give some thoughts around that.
Kevin C. Berryman: Sure, Silke. This is Kevin. A couple of comments to make as it relates to the last calendar week in any particular year: The sales that normally occur in that last week are very, very limited. The reason is a variety of things, one of them being the fact that, oftentimes, our customers aren't even open to be able to receive shipments that we would be wanting to make. So the last week of the year, of the calendar week in any year is the smallest week by far as it relates to the particular issue that you're alluding to. Having said all of that, it's somewhat volatile because it's kind of depending upon which customers will need an extra top off in inventory, which don't, and so there is a volatility in the numbers. And so the benefit is certainly probably less than what you're alluding to. I would say, in general, as both Nicolas and Matthias have already outlined, our comparables for year-ago fourth quarters certainly are very, very strong, and so that's going to place some overall headwinds as it relates to how our numbers will look for Q4 this year. Having said all of that, we do fundamentally believe that the improving trends in the business, as certainly outlined by Matthias, combined with any other potential benefits associated with the extra week, which are probably a lot smaller than what you're suggesting, all of that translates into an in-line quarter, let's say, versus what we've been showing over the last couple.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. If I can ask a last question, and I'll get back into queue. Do you have any view yet on what your corporate expenses may look like in the fourth quarter? Do you expect a similar ramp-down of incentive comps of a couple of million dollars?
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, perhaps we can take it, a more detailed question, offline, if you'd like to go, but I would say that Q4 is -- probably, if you're talking about the unallocated piece, it's probably somewhat in-line, as we will show lower incentive comps in Q4 versus a year ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I just wanted to ask a question about North America and the relative weakness there, in particular in Fine Fragrances. I know Nicolas mentioned that the category has been weak, but we haven't really been hearing that too much from any of the large beauty players, so I'm wondering if there is a timing issue there or what your sense of -- what your sense is of Christmas. And then just generally, I think Andreas had mentioned that the new win level in North America were lower than historical levels, so if you could just expand on that a little bit, that would be great.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Yes, this is Nicolas. And thank you for the question. You're right. There is definitely a sequential performance that we have to take into consideration. If you look at our Q1, North America in Fine Fragrance grew by 29%, which is definitely far above the market performance. So some customers had ordered early, so I think that we need to take this into consideration because, on a year-to-date basis, Fine Fragrance in North America is still positive, growing by 1% and globally by 3%. In addition, I think it is fair to say that some of our customers are facing challenges in different type of channel distribution. And also, one key component for us, we had some disappointing results on a very important launch that took place in 2013, where we did not see the repeat purchase that we had expected. So if you take the 3 components into consideration, it gives you a better perspective on the performance in Q3 in North America more specifically.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, so do you think Q4 is going to be -- is going to improve relative to year-to-date trends?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: In North America, I mean, Christmas -- were you asking some questions about the Christmas performance? As you know, it's too early to anticipate what consumer will be doing. It will be starting soon. So I think that, versus the performance that we had in Q3, it will be an improvement.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then do you think your -- I think, what do you think of your new wins level in Fine Fragrances?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It is strong. I mean now that the pipeline of new product is for next year so we have a strong pipeline for 2015 and even 2016. And so we're strengthening strategic partnership with some of our customers, and the pipeline of new wins of what we have already secured so early in the period is actually quite strong.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just generally, like I said, Andreas had mentioned that new wins have been below historical levels in North America, so can you just talk about which categories that might be in?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I mean, if you look at the performance of Consumer Fragrances, it has been still very, very good in North America, so if you look at the year-to-date performance. So I think that it's -- if you look at North America, for year-to-date, it's a plus 7%, so I think it shows to the strengths of the portfolio. We have in some pockets in different parts some lower volume of wins, so it's not so much the win rate but the size of the business which has been secured. So I think that we need to see the absolute performance and relative performance. And so we're still very confident about the pipeline of new product and the win rate in relationship to the business we're working on.
Faiza Alwy - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, Kevin, if I can just ask about the gross margin. I think it was lower than what we had expected, and it was down year-over-year. So is there -- can you just update us on input costs? I know you'd previously mentioned that you were looking to take some pricing next year. If you can just update us on that, that would be great.
Kevin C. Berryman: Yes, probably not a lot of new, news here. Things are trending as we would have been saying over the last couple of quarters, actually. So I think, at the end of the day, we do see pockets of items that are showing inflation pressure, and those are the areas that we're certainly going to be having discussions with customers relative to pricing. The inflation that we're talking about is a very different level of inflation than what we experienced back in 2011 and 2012, so again we're talking more modest levels and well within our ability to work with customers on a fact-based discussion relative to pricing needs to help offset some of those pressures. As it relates to Q3 and Q4, we always said that our improvement or gross margin profile was going to be moderating in terms of the year-over-year improvement, and I think you saw that obviously in Q3. And now it's further challenged in Q3 specifically because of some of the operational items that were alluded to by Matthias. So at the end of the day, we still feel good about our ability to continue to drive gross margin longer term, but there is certainly some things that we're going to need to work on as it relates to pricing to help offset some of those pressure points that would -- will be further developing as we enter into 2015.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: So I wanted to follow up on the last question, gross margins, and just sort of think about it bigger picture, longer term. So oil prices down, obviously a positive. The natural piece, I would suspect, doesn't really change that much, but maybe talk about puts and takes of those two, relatively speaking. And then more broadly, what needs to be done longer term to achieve gross margin expansion going forward 2015 and '16 and '17, beyond the measures that you've taken already? And so sort of holistically, how do you think about gross margins from here and step progression? And then price increases that you've previously discussed, I think that was probably more in the natural side. Related to the first part of the question on oil versus naturals is, if you get some relief there, do you have to give back some of that pricing? Or is that going to offset prior input cost pressures that you've talked about historically?
Kevin C. Berryman: Let me take that, Mark. This is Kevin. So a couple reactions to your question and specific comments: First thing, you're right. Oil has been falling in terms of price points, where I don't know what the numbers are today but we've gotten close to the $80 figure. So that will ultimately provide some benefits, hopefully, to us longer term as it relates to synthetics that are oil derivatives, but keep in mind that those oil derivatives are second and third derivatives, and they probably have some impact long term. They don't have immediate impact. Many of our items as it relates to oil, for example, freight and what not, are priced through to customers regardless. So if freight costs go up, customers pay for it. If freight costs go down, they get the benefit, so it's not really -- it's a pass-through cost more versus a kind of item that needs to be priced to. So I think that, summing up kind of the dynamic as it relates to oils, the naturals still are the areas where we see the pressure points developing, which tend to be focused in certain areas that will require the pricing that we've talked about. Wrapping that up into a longer-term comment, as we've said historically, and I think Andreas would certainly agree with the comment, what's going to enable our ability to continue to drive healthy gross margin is healthy innovation. And if we effectively are able to do that, that translates into our ability to have the robust gross margin longer term. All of the other things, opening of plants, all of these other things, will put some pressures potentially on a quarter or 2, but at the end of the day, if we can deliver against that innovation, we will see good gross margin levels long term.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Great, and that's helpful, Kevin. And then secondly, so Andreas, welcome, first of all. And I wanted to get your commentary on the M&A outlook. So progressively, the commentary has changed over recent years. The commentary about going into adjacent categories sort of crept through commentary beginning, I guess, last year, more so through the summer. What do you think about that sort of broadly? Obviously, your background is a bit broader than just consumer products, from Kevin and other managers in the business, past and present, so how do you think about what that means? Is that still a focus going forward? And I guess, how do you think about M&A broadly?
Andreas Fibig: Yes, Mark, thank you for the question. First of all, I would say we still have a good runway in terms of growth in the F&F business, which I think is important. But if you look at the F&F business, then you have seen with the Aromor acquisition that we have made a move forward in one of our core areas. And that's certainly always a possibility, and we are illustrating [ph] basically every quarter what kind of opportunities we have. But we are not desperate on this front, so it has to be an opportunity which really makes sense for us from the strategic point of view and from the financial point of view as well. I think that's important. And we will be very disciplined in executing on M&A. We will not do it at every price. So that's in the core area. In the adjacent areas, that's something where we certainly look as well because we have seen that there might be some opportunities and growth. And if you look at some of our competitors, then you have seen these kind of moves, but having said all of that, it has to make sense, sense in a broader picture that it matches with our R&D capabilities. I think that's important. And it should match with our customer segmentation and our customer base as well. So these are there 2 prerequisites for us. So in short, certainly, we are looking. We are evaluating our opportunities, but we will be very disciplined in executing on them.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: And I just wanted to follow up on what you mean by saying your R&D capabilities. So what do you think IFF does best? What do you think could be areas for improvement?
Andreas Fibig: I would say, and as you know, we are executing on our 10 R&D platforms, and I think we are doing very well. I have had the chance in my first 2 months to spend time in our laboratories with our R&D people. And we are looking at -- I think it's really impressive, what I have seen here, even with my different background. And I think we are doing very well. And if we look at some of the innovation which came out of the research that -- like the encapsulation technology, I think that's really a best-in-class technology we have here. So I think we are doing very well. And if I'm saying this in the context of an acquisition, then I take just Aromor as an example because, with the collaboration between our chemists and the Aromor chemists, we are coming up now with really interesting solutions. And that's even above what we have expected. So when we go for an M&A target, then it should fit into our R&D capabilities as well. Does it make sense for you?
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: It does, perfect.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I know you talked a little bit about win rates and momentum in the Fragrance business, but I was curious as to the same question in terms of Flavors and if you're starting to see the impact from commercializing the vanillin innovation.
Matthias Haeni: This is Matthias speaking. Thank you for your question. I would like to outline, first we had -- and we always report in the last 2 quarters we have seen significant pressure on our base business, on erosion, and we partly offset it by very strong new wins. And we had wins across the region and also strong wins in North America. These wins will allow us to continue the momentum when we move into Q4. Coming to your question on our technology on natural vanillin, we also outlined that we will not see the commercial performance before Q1 or Q2 next year. We are -- right now, we are working in our labs. We have successfully scaled up in our research labs. And our flavorists, they are working in it and building it into the new recipes for our customers. So coming back to your question, I think we will report back to you when we are meeting again or calling again in Q1 next year.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then I also wanted to just ask in general a very broad question around the health of emerging markets. I think, last quarter, Kevin, you'd mentioned some destocking in Indonesia and Southeast Asia. So I just wanted to just check in on that issue. Has that kind of run its course? Have any other markets popped up as areas of modest destocking?
Kevin C. Berryman: This is Kevin. I think that the emerging markets are holding firm versus kind of what we saw earlier in the year. And as a matter of fact, you saw the 6% growth, which was in line or improving actually versus previous orders. So overarching, we feel good about the continued growth opportunities in the emerging markets. Pluses and minuses here and there, but in general, it is still going to continue to be the growth driver, all else being equal.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Curt Siegmeyer from KeyBanc Capital.
Curtis Alan Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on the Flavors growth in Latin America with regard to the new business wins in Beverage. That's obviously driven some pretty good growth there. Could you guys maybe give us a sense how that double-digit growth compares to the underlying market in that region? And do you feel like you have enough opportunities in that market to continue to outperform, assuming that you are, longer term? Or should we expect that level of growth to sort of moderate here going forward?
Matthias Haeni: Curt, this is Matthias speaking. We have seen significant new wins; significant success with new technologies which we have launched, started to launch 5 and 6 quarters ago. We saw very good momentum. And we do see continued good, strong momentum, with new wins coming in. I cannot tell you exactly what the underlying market growth will be. We reckon it's going to be in the area of 4%, 5%. And we are very pleased with the performance which we have. I'm confident we will see a strong momentum going into Q4 this year. And we are excited in the approach of [ph] pipeline which we have. And we are really very pleased that we can make a significant difference with our technology programs in Latin America.
Curtis Alan Siegmeyer - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just to follow up, if I could, also in the Flavors segment. You talked about the plant costs for you guys that was in the quarter. Do you have a sense where margins would have been, excluding the absorption issues and the new plant costs? And you mentioned sort of a moderation in fourth quarter. Should we maybe expect this to be behind us by the time first quarter rolls around? Or should the issues continue to persist somewhat?
Kevin C. Berryman: Yes, Curt, this is Kevin. Let me take that. I think that, if you think about some of the issues that we saw in Q3, we think there will be a lessening impact as it relates to some of those issues going forward. But certainly, the investments in the new factories and the cost structures that will be coming on board as it relates to those new plants, obviously, that's going to be there. So we still feel good about that long-term historical algorithm relative to gross margin, which again is driven by the innovation comment that we were talking to earlier. That's still a picture that we like and we support and believe will happen long term. There will be some improvements in the short run as it relates to probably some of the items that we saw in Q3 will not repeat and some of the other items that continue -- will continue to be a headwind that we're going to just have to overcome through good productivity and innovation longer term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research.
Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Athlos Research LLC: Kevin, you gave us a couple of helpful details, particularly around research and development spending being down a little bit. I'm wondering if your decline in maybe the prospects medium term for developed markets, not for emerging markets but for developed markets, maybe, is that giving you an opportunity to maybe spend a little bit less on R&D over the next couple of years? And was that -- aside from that, are there any other areas of incremental cost savings? And I'm talking just at the margins over the past 6 months that have maybe cropped up because of the underperformance in maybe the prospects for the developed market business in both -- particularly in Flavors but I mean -- really mainly in Flavors but also maybe in Fragrances too, given the weaker consumer environment.
Kevin C. Berryman: Thanks, Jonathan, for the question. Kevin here. I guess the first comment about R&D is the commitment to spend on future innovation remains steadfast. And at the end of the day, while R&D may have been year-over-year not a big increase or maybe even flattish or in the range of that number, the bottom line is that it's driven more by some investments we were making last year relative to some of the R&D initiatives that we had which had milestone payments and not a fundamental change in terms of our commitment level. So at the end of the day, our research and development continues to be an area we focus on. It continues to be an area that we believe is going to be a fundamental driver to our success today and in the future. And so at the end of the day, it's an area that we will continue to support. Now to your bigger question relative to costs, look, I think, at the end of the day, we are always evaluating any ways to be more cost effective and productive as it relates to our spend and to the extent that there are those things we continue to be disciplined in terms of the management of our short-term costs, at the same time, ensuring that we're supporting our long-term growth outlook. So a little bit long winded, but what that effectively means is when we do see pressure points in a short-term basis, we are diligent and disciplined in the management of our costs to recognize those pressures but without sacrificing the long-term growth aspiration, which even for the developed markets, we think, is still robust.
Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Athlos Research LLC: If I could ask one more detailed question. It seems like a lot of the capital spending and spending in general has been outside the US. You mentioned some repatriation expenses. Could the -- are those typical in your tax rates? Are those typical, or what kind of drove that at the margin? And that's it.
Kevin C. Berryman: As you think about the CapEx, yes. The investments, I'm going to call them, outside of the U.S. is certainly in more emerging markets. So it's more than just being outside the U.S. It's really more emerging market focused, associated with our drive to ensure, as Andreas mentioned, that we're going to win in the emerging markets. So it's certainly a core plank of our strategy, a pillar of our strategy. As it relates to servicing buybacks or servicing dividends, to the extent that we want to do that, that continues to have a requirement that the cash that is generated across the world outside of the U.S., is some percentage of it is brought home and combined with any cash for benefits we have here to be able to supply that. And that's really what it's driven by. So to the extent that we continue to have opportunities to bring that cash home, we do.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Welcome, Andreas. Kevin, I think this is the seventh time the R&D tax credit has initially been dropped, but it's always been retroactively put back in. Assuming that happens again, what would that do for your fourth quarter?
Kevin C. Berryman: I don't know the numbers off the top of my head, but it would be certainly a headwind. I would say it's probably at least $0.03 or $0.04.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It would be a tailwind, wouldn't it? You get -- typically, it would go back in.
Kevin C. Berryman: I'm sorry, tailwind.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then how is Aromor itself doing? You talked about how much it's added to there, but if you looked at Aromor by itself, is it up meaningfully year-over-year, or it has much higher margins as part of IFF now that it's being integrated?
Kevin C. Berryman: It is very much in line with what our expectations were. And if anything, the benefits, as we're talking about, relative to technology is about the ability to drive incremental value long term, which is actually very much part of why we did the deal and very exciting. Perhaps, Nicolas, you might want to add a comment.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Yes. It's Nicolas. And also, one of the key benefit of Aromor and the reason for the acquisition is the ability to drive higher win rates over time in our Compounds business because we will gain access to very unique materials at very attractive cost structures. So really, the end game is to accelerate our growth in our Compounds business; and also with the collaboration between our R&D and the very strong R&D team at Aromor, to accelerate the pipeline of new molecules.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then lastly, in fabric softener encapsulation, have the new wins been recent enough that this will carry forward for a few more quarters? Or do we start comping more difficult quarters sometime soon?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I think that the momentum, due to our expertise in driving consumer preference with our fragrances but also in combination with our unique technology, is providing us a very good pipeline moving forward. It is solid. And now the -- we did give the outlook. It's how do we leverage the technology across all the categories. So the pipeline is strong, the win rate is strong, and we are not expecting a slowdown in that respect.
Kevin C. Berryman: So operator, this is Kevin. Perhaps we can cut it there. We're past our end time. Let me turn it back over to Andreas for any final comments.
Andreas Fibig: Yes, thank you, Kevin. And thank you, all, for your time and the questions. And we will have our fourth quarter earnings release at the 12th of February next year. And I hope that we see many of you during the CAGNY conference the 19th of February in Boca Raton. So thank you very much for your participation. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude IFF's Quarter 3 2014 Earnings Conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelley Young - Director of Investor Relations Douglas D. Tough - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President of Fragrances Matthias Haeni - Group President of Flavors Kevin C. Berryman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Rohini Nair - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Athlos Research LLC Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Sarah Donnelly - G. Research, Inc.
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Shelley Young, Director, Investor Relations. You may begin.
Shelley Young: Thank you. Good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to IFF Second Quarter 2014 Conference Call. Earlier today, we distributed a press release announcing our second quarter results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at www.iff.com. This call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website. Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements, which I will read out loud. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to the third quarter and our outlook for the full year of 2014. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors outlined in our 2013 10-K filed on February 25, 2014, and our press release that we filed this morning, all of which are available on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued earlier today and is on our website. With me on the call today is Doug Tough, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Nicolas Mirzayantz, our President of Fragrances; Matthias Haeni, our President of Flavors; and Kevin Berryman, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Shelley, and good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I start my formal comments, I would like to say how much I have enjoyed being part of IFF's journey these past 5 years. You will have read that as of September 1, I will be stepping down as Chief Executive Officer and turning the reins over to Andreas Fibig, who is currently an IFF board member and was most recently with the German pharmaceutical company, Bayer. I will make additional comments about the transition at the end of the presentation. Turning to the agenda for today's call. I will provide an overview of the second quarter for consolidated IFF, followed by Nicolas Mirzayantz and Matthias Haeni, who will provide their perspective on the performance of our Fragrances and Flavors business segments, respectively. Then Kevin Berryman will provide you with the financial review of our second quarter and turn the call back over to me for a balance of year outlook and some concluding comments before opening the call to your questions. Turning to the second quarter 2014. Our local currency sales growth this quarter was 4%. As a reminder, our overall growth includes a percentage point of growth related to Aromor. We are comparing to strong like-for-like growth of 8% in the second quarter of 2013, supported by a high level of growth in both business units. This quarter, our Fragrances business delivered growth of 6%, which includes 2 percentage points of growth from Aromor. Our Flavors business, up against a very challenging comparability period of 8%, delivered growth of 1% this year. Growth was again void by a healthy level of new wins, which is indicative of the company's emphasis on innovation and technology and the work we are doing with our customers to deliver superior products that will delight their consumers wherever they may be. The emerging markets, which comprise 49% of our sales continued to outpace the developed markets with mid-single-digit growth of 5%. We saw some softening this quarter in the developed markets, which contracted 1%. It is worth highlighting that we achieved high-single digit and even double-digit growth in many of the emerging market countries, including Indonesia, China, India and Argentina, along with solid growth in Brazil and Russia. Looking at our growth on a 2-year basis, our overall growth was 6% comprised of 5% in Flavors and 7% growth in Fragrances, including Aromor. This growth is within our long-term targeted growth range. Our profitability remains solid. The company's gross profit margin improved 90 basis points versus the prior year and reflects our ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year gross profit margin improvements. This quarter's improvement was primarily due to ongoing cost improvement initiatives, the net impact of price to input costs and favorable currency impacts in certain markets due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to emerging market currencies. Our adjusted operating profit increased 8%, reflecting the benefits of margin expansion and lower incentive compensation accruals versus the high year-ago levels, which reduced our overall cost structure. The results of Aromor were not significant to our consolidated financial performance. Notably, this quarter, our adjusted earnings per share increased 21% to $1.37. EPS benefited from excellent organic profit results, a lower tax rate, reduced interest expense, foreign exchange gains on working capital and a slight reduction in the number of shares outstanding due to our share buyback program. In summary, we continue to deliver strong profitability metrics above our long-term targets even with moderate sales growth. It is important to note that 1 quarter is not indicative of a year. Our second quarter top line growth of 4% was weaker-than-expected. That said, I remind you that we had a very strong first quarter with local currency sales growth of 7% and adjusted operating and EPS growth of 14% and 11%, respectively, all metrics above our long-term targets. Let's review our first half of the year results. Our local currency sales growth was 5% comprised of 7% growth in Fragrance and 3% growth in Flavors. The 5% growth is within our long-term targets. On a year-to-date basis, our profitably metrics are above our long-term growth targets. Adjusted operating profit increased 11% during the first half of 2014. This was driven by significant gross margin expansion of 160 basis points, primarily due to cost savings initiatives, as well as the benefit of net price to input costs and reduced incentive compensation accruals versus higher year-ago levels. Our input costs continue to remain at elevated levels. Adjusted operating profit growth was supported by increased segment profit in both business units. Our adjusted earnings per share grew 16% in the first half of 2014. The double-digit growth in our adjusted EPS reflects our expanded growth in operating margins, lower interest expenses as a result of refinancing and the benefits of our share repurchase program, as well as favorable trends on foreign exchange so far this year. Of note, our operating and earnings per share profitability growth metrics are above our long-term growth targets. I would now like to turn the call over to Nicolas and Matthias so they can provide more detail on their respective units. Nicolas?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Doug, good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. Turning to our Fragrance business units. Fragrance had local currency sales growth of 6% this quarter compared with 8% growth in the second quarter of 2013, which was our highest growth quarter last year. Our 6% growth includes approximately 2 percentage points of growth from our Aromor acquisition, we said are captured in Fragrance Ingredients. On a 2-year basis, excluding Aromor, our sales growth is also 6%, which compares quite well with our long-term growth targets. This quarter, the emerging markets grew at 6% or twice the rate of our developed markets and represented 51% of our Fragrance Compounds sales. We achieved strong growth in the emerging markets of China, Indonesia and Brazil, which is one of our strongest Fragrance markets and where we have a leadership position. Our overall sales performance was a result of a strong pipeline of new wins in our Compounds business, which includes both our Fine Fragrances and Consumer Fragrances end-use categories. Fine Fragrances grew 14% in both Latin America and Greater Asia. This growth was offset by declines in our EAME region due to customer order patterns. Let me remind you that year-to-date, sales in the EAME increased 5%. North America was flat this quarter compared with a 13% growth in the year-ago quarter. That said, North America grew by 11% for the first 6 months of 2014. Although our overall Fine Fragrance category was flat this quarter on a 2-year basis, Fine Fragrances had growth of 7%, which is above our long-term targets end-market performance. Turning to Consumer Fragrances. This category had solid growth of 5% compared with 8% growth in the prior year quarter. Growth this quarter was led by high-single digit growth in Toiletries and mid-single-digit growth in Fabric Care, Personal Wash and Home Care. Hair Care also grew this quarter. North America and Asia delivered double-digit growth, and Latin America was also positive. This was offset by a slight decline in EAME. Turning to our Ingredients business. Fragrance Ingredients delivered local currency sales growth of 21%, which includes 17% of growth from Aromor. The growth in Fragrance Ingredients reflect continuous strong sales of key IFF product families. Excluding the planned migration of some volume from Fragrance Ingredients to Compounds, Fragrance Ingredients would have grown by 9%. This quarter marks our final quarter of the planned migration of volume from Fragrance Ingredients to Compounds. In summary, we achieved solid top line growth thanks to the strength and diversity of our portfolio, customer base and end-use categories. On a year-to-date basis, our Fragrance business grew 7%, which includes 2 percentage points of growth from Aromor and is within our long-term targets. Turning to our profitability. We were able to leverage our 6% local currency sales growth into higher segment operating profit to achieve very strong business unit performance. Our gross margins benefited from volume gains and productivity savings combined with a favorable impact of price-to-input cost and currency benefits, offset by a small negative mix impact due to the reduced growth in Fine Fragrance. Our input costs continue to remain at elevated lead levels. The gross margin expansion, combined with decreased incentive compensation accruals from the high year-ago levels drove an improvement in our segment profit margins. These benefits were offset in part by increased RSA spending to support business growth. For the quarter, our segment profit increased 19% or an increase of $14 million. Year-to-date, our segment profit has improved by $32 million or 23%. Here are a few additional areas I'd like to highlight: Number one. We're seeing the impact of some higher raw material costs in our inventories, especially in naturals and petrochemicals. We expect input cost pressures to impact our P&L around the end of the year and to be developing headwind for 2015. We are proactively engaged in pricing discussions with select customers to offset the inflationary pressure. Number two. This quarter, we completed the purchase price accounting related to Aromor. And as a result, we will now have a modest ongoing amortization expense in our P&L. Number three. As planned, this quarter we closed our Fragrance Ingredients plant in Augusta, and we will see the cost benefits in H2. As always, our focus is on efficiency and making sure our operations are cost-effective and competitive. These recent initiatives support our strategic focus to drive improvements in our Ingredients business. Turning to our third quarter outlook. For the third quarter, we're expecting continued top line momentum in the business. We expect the rate of improvement in year-over-year gross margin to moderate in H2, especially when compared with the improvements we made in gross margins in the first half of 2014. We look forward to updating you next quarter. I will now turn the call over to Matthias, our new group President of Flavors.
Matthias Haeni: Good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. Against challenging comps of 8% a year ago, flavors delivered local currency sales growth of 1% in the second quarter of 2014. As a reminder, the second quarter of 2013 was our strongest like-for-like quarter of last year. New wins, which were at historical levels in the second quarter, continued to be a growth driver of our business. The volume from new wins was offset by a higher level of erosion on existing business, especially in North America where we had several very large new product launches in the second quarter of 2013. Looking at the 2 years average, Flavors had solid growth of 5% on a like-for-like basis for Q2. The emerging markets continued to drive growth for our business, representing 52% of sales. The emerging markets grew by 5%, led by double-digit growth of 15% in Latin America. The BRIC countries of Brazil, Russia, India, and China, all performed well, reflecting our ability to work with both global and local customers in these markets. Solid growth in the BRICs was offset by losses in other countries, including Thailand, which was pressured by geopolitical risk. On a year-to-date basis, we grew by 8% in the emerging markets, with 90% of our growth coming from these markets. From a regional perspective, in Europe, Africa and in Middle East, local currency sales increased by 2% on top of 5% growth in the second quarter of 2013. Growth was strongest in Beverages, Sweet and Dairy, partially offset by softness in Savory. In Greater Asia, this quarter we were disappointed in our flat growth versus 8% like-for-like growth in the year-ago quarter. Gains in the Savory and Sweet end-use categories were offset by declines in Beverages and Dairy. In North America, the operating environment continues to be challenging. Volume erosion on existing business was significant and more than offset our growth from new wins. As mentioned, this was driven by several large product launches last year and we were comparing to growth of 11%, which is the most challenging comp of the year. Finally, we saw continued very strong growth in Latin America of 15%, driven by our proprietary technologies in Beverages, which resulted in very strong growth in the category, reflecting a very high level of new wins. On a year-to-date basis, Latin America has grown by 19%. The second quarter is the third consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in our Latin America region. Turning to our profitability metrics. Flavors' gross margins remained strong at prior year levels as a result of our technology-driven wins and creative capabilities. Our segment profit improved by 1% or $0.9 million to $91 million or an increase of 20 basis points as a percentage of sales. The improvement reflects flat gross margins combined with decreased incentive compensation provisions versus the high level of a year ago. Our input costs continue to remain at elevated levels. On a year-to-date basis, our segment profit increased 3.5%, or $6 million, or an increase of 40 basis points. Turning to our outlook for the third quarter of 2014. We expect growth to be moderate given the ongoing challenges in North America and Western Europe. We are carefully monitoring the situation, yet we remain confident we can continue to leverage our innovation and technology to grow our business. I also want to highlight that we have begun to see input cost pressure on some items in our inventory. We are expecting to see the increased cost pressures in our P&L around the end of the year, and we will likely see headwinds in 2015. As a result, we have been proactively working with customers on price increases to help mitigate these inflationary pressures. As of 2014, our current strategic initiatives and other cost savings should offset any cost increases in 2014. With that, I will now turn the call over to Kevin, our CFO.
Kevin C. Berryman: Thank you, Matthias, and good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to turn back to our consolidated results. And on the slide, you can see that we delivered again strong operating metrics again in the second quarter on a consolidated basis. Our net sales of $788 million were up 4% on a reported basis and also on a local currency basis. Our consolidated sales includes the results from Aromor, which added a percentage point to our consolidated growth. This quarter, Fragrances comprised 52% of our sales and Flavors, the remaining 48%. Our growth was the result of our diversity in terms of regions, end-use categories and customers. Emerging markets grew 5% this quarter and the developed markets declined by 1%, reflecting a challenging environment in North America for Flavors and a slower growth in Fine Fragrance in Western Europe during the second quarter. Our adjusted gross margin this quarter improved by 90 basis points to 45.1%. This primarily reflects gross margin expansion in Fragrance due to volume gains, certainly a result of strong new wins, currency benefits, as well as the favorable impact of price to input costs and internal improvement initiatives across both business units. The strong margin growth combined with lower incentive compensation and favorable currency resulted in an 8% increase in our adjusted operating profit to $156 million, resulting again in our operating profit margin rising to 19.8%, up 60 basis points from the year-ago figure of 19.2%. Our adjusted effective tax rate in the second quarter of 24.9% was favorable to our adjusted figure of 26.5% in the first quarter of 2013, reflecting higher earnings from lower tax jurisdictions and the effect of favorable tax settlements, partially offset by higher repatriation costs and the absence of the R&D tax credit in the current quarter. The strong operating profit growth, when combined with foreign exchange gains, lower interest expense and the positive impact on earnings per share of our share repurchase program, this resulted in a year-over-year improvement of 21% in our [indiscernible] $1.37. Importantly, the growth in all of our profitability metrics in the second quarter are all at or above our long-term growth targets. Now that we are halfway into the year, I wanted to put things into perspective by looking at our operating performance for the first half of 2014. It's important to note that on a year-to-date basis, all of our growth targets are in line with or above our long-term growth targets. Our net sales of $1.6 billion increased 5% on both a reported and local currency basis, and of course, that includes approximately 1 percentage point of growth from Aromor. This is clearly within our long-term growth target of 4% to 6% organic growth. Our adjusted gross margins also increased 130 basis points to 44.9%. Regarding adjusted operating profit, it increased 11% in the first 6 months of 2014, reflecting in part lower incentive compensation accruals. This equates to 110 basis point improvement in our operating profit to 20.2%. Finally, our adjusted diluted EPS increased 16% to $2.69 for the first 6 months of 2014, ahead of our long-term growth targets. Turning to our research, selling and administrative costs. RSA, as a percent of sales, increased 30 basis points from 25% of sales to 25.3% of sales or an increase of $10 million. The primary drivers of the increase include Aromor-related cost, including operating and amortization and acquisition costs, investment in commercial resources to support our 3-pillar strategy, currency impacts and several discrete items. These higher expenses were partially offset by reduced incentive compensation accruals versus the very high levels in the second quarter of a year ago. We remain focused on maintaining cost discipline while investing in R&D and other strategic growth opportunities. This quarter, R&D spending was 8.4% of sales versus 8.5% in the prior year. The prior year figure, as you may recall, includes an initial payment to Amyris, as well as other investments in research and development. Importantly, our emphasis on R&D has resulted in a stronger pipeline of innovation, and we continue to invest in our R&D platforms and the programs that support them. Our strong cash flow position and margins provides us with the continued flexibility to do so. Turning to currency. Here, you see our customary chart showing the change and the strength of the euro relative to the dollar as the movement in the euro represents the large variable relative to currency impact on our results. As noted earlier, foreign exchange movements had a negligible impact on our top line growth. As it relates to our adjusted operating profit and EPS results for the quarter, year-over-year currency impacts were positive. And at the operating profit line, we continue to proactively manage our gross margin profile through our cash flow hedging programs. During Q2, we specifically benefited from a stronger U.S. dollar versus several of the emerging market currencies, which favorably impacted local expenses. Finally, EPS growth also benefited from the absence of foreign exchange losses and working capital, which we experienced in the second quarter of 2013 due to the high level of volatility in foreign exchange markets in the second quarter of last year. As a reminder, the 2014 -- for 2014, the majority of our euro exposure continues to be hedged at a rate of 1.32%, close to the full year average of 2013. Turning to our cash flow. Our operating cash flow in the first half of 2014 was $154 million compared with an operating cash flow of $118 million in the prior year quarter. The prior year cash flow included a $30 million incremental U.S. pension contribution and the year-over-year increase reflects the $34 million improvement in net income, partially offset by increased incentive compensation payments in the first quarter of 2014 versus the first quarter of 2013. As a percent of sales, the current quarter operating cash flow is 9.9% of sales compared with 7.9% in the year-ago quarter. Core working capital increased in absolute dollars to support business growth, however, declined on a percentage of sales basis and is on-track for targeted improvements that we outlined at the beginning of the year. Turning to our capital structure. Capital spending for growth and infrastructure and newer technology continues to be our most important use of cash. Over the past 3 years, we have been investing approximately 4.5% of sales on adding capacity where it's needed to optimize our geographic footprint and to ensure that our proprietary technologies are available to our customers around the globe. We are also committed to returning capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Yesterday, our Board of Directors authorized a 21% increase or $0.08 in the quarterly dividend to $0.47 per share, up from the $0.39 per share a year ago. This dividend is payable on October 7 to shareholders of record as of September 25. Including this authorization, IFF's quarterly dividend payment will have grown by a compound annual growth rate of 15% over the last 4 years. The current authorization importantly reflects the board's confidence in the company's ability to continue to execute on its 3-pillar strategy based on the notable progress we've made in expanding our geographic footprint, developing our R&D pipeline and improving the margin profile of our portfolio. The double-digit increase in the dividend also reflects our strong cash flow position. This enables us to maintain a competitive dividend yield, continue to execute against our share buyback program, all while maintaining a strong amount of financial flexibility to aggressively explore M&A opportunities. Regarding our share buyback program. On a year-to-date basis, we have spent approximately $34 million on share buybacks. Total program spending since the first quarter of 2013 is $86 million through the end of the second quarter. Based on our programmatic share buyback program, we continue to expect that we will spend more on share buybacks in 2014 than we did in 2013. Finally, as noted, we continue to evaluate business development opportunities. We are targeting those opportunities that would provide us with access to new technology, geography or business adjacency that would make strong strategic sense and leverage our expertise in science and technology. We have the financial flexibility to invest in both external business development activities, as well as our organic growth programs. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Doug.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Kevin, Mathias and Nicholas. As you've heard from our teams, we've had a good first half of the year with local currency sales growth of 5% and adjusted operating profit and earnings per share growth of 11% and 16%, respectively, all in line with or above our long-term targets. As you have heard, volume erosion on base business in Flavors put pressure on our top line growth despite a level of new wins that was in line with historical norms. We expect to see continued erosion in the third quarter in Flavors. For the third quarter, we expect sales growth to be in line with our Q2 results as market conditions for Flavors will remain challenging. We expect to see continued gross margin expansion, but at a lower rate year-over-year, especially as we compare to the improved gross margin performance of the prior year and the improvements we saw in the first half of the year. In addition, we are closely monitoring the input costs. And as Mathias and Nicolas indicated in their remarks, we expect to see some inflationary cost pressure around year end, which will have an impact on our 2015 P&L. As a result, we have been proactively working with customers on price increases to help mitigate these inflationary pressures. As to 2014, our current strategic initiatives and other cost savings should offset any cost increases in 2014. Turning to the full year, given our current visibility, we now expect our full year local currency sales growth to be in the range of 4% to 6%. Our full year profitability metrics remain intact. Cost control and manufacturing efficiencies will continue to drive our operating profit growth. We are reconfirming our expectation for double-digit operating profit and earnings per share growth for the full year. The investments we are making in R&D have resulted in a strong pipeline of innovation. We are confident that the commercialization of these technologies will result in continued sales growth and margin gains for the company. As most of you know, in late May, we announced IFF's CEO Succession Plan. Effective September 1, I will be stepping down as Chief Executive Officer and will remain active as IFF's Chairman. I have thoroughly enjoyed my time at IFF but have always said that at some point, I would scale back my involvement to make time for other activities. I have just celebrated my 65th birthday and I am looking forward to doing other things, including more time with my family, children and grandchildren. The board has selected Andreas Fibig as the next CEO of IFF. Andreas has been a member of our board since 2011 and has been actively involved in setting our strategy and charting a course for the future. Andreas comes to us from Bayer Pharmaceutical, where he has successfully introduced new pharmaceutical solutions and drove a profitable growth agenda. Importantly, he is known to the Board of Directors and to our senior management team who value his insight and his input. He understands the value of R&D and driving the innovation agenda, understands and help develop our emerging market strategy and has previous operating experience in the emerging markets. Finally, Andreas has a successful track record with merger and acquisitions and will be a great addition to IFF as the company looks to further drive its profitable growth strategy, both organically and through business development activities. We welcome him to IFF and look forward to working with him, and I look forward to introducing him to many of you. Here are the key takeaways from our second quarter call. In summary, our overall growth of 4% in the second quarter and 5% year-to-date reflects strong results in Fragrances and mixed results in Flavors. Our sales growth slowed in Q2 on account of greater erosion on existing business. We expect to see continued erosion in the third quarter in Flavors, which has led us to reduce our full year top line sales forecast. The breadth and diversity of our portfolio provides greater stability to absorb variations in a particular region, category or customer. We can really see how effective this business model was for us this quarter as our overall growth of 4% had some great success which offset areas of weakness. The second quarter compares to our most challenging quarter in 2013 from a top line growth standpoint. We continue to believe strongly in our strategy and long-term growth potential, and we are positioning IFF for future success. Our commitment to innovation, portfolio enhancement and internal improvements support our strong gross margin profile. We remain focused on our 3 strategic pillars: Leveraging our geographic footprint, enhancing our innovation and maximizing our portfolio. I thank you for your participation today on our Q2 earnings call, and we will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I'm curious, given recent M&A in Flavors and Fragrances and adjacent categories, are there still value-accretive deals for IFF? And have you had to change the way you define value in terms of looking at that?
Douglas D. Tough: Good question, Mark. There's certainly been a recent spate of activity in a couple of areas. I think the broader question is, are there still opportunities there? And we believe the answer to that would be yes, conceivably both within the organic footprint, but also adjacencies which would leverage off the some of the skills and competencies we have, particularly in R&D. Some of the recent price points that have been achieved on a couple of the deals have certainly exceeded previous transactions, and that will weigh in on value. But I think as we've talked about in our 3-pillar strategy and the opportunities to continue to grow in the emerging markets as that middle class comes forward, we think there's still robust opportunity for growth. So it's not a prerequisite that we have M&A activity, but we are certainly, as Kevin pointed out, we have the financial firepower to do so if the opportunity presents itself, and we remain eager and we'll evaluate things. But you have used a critical word in there, which is, are there still value opportunities? And the economic profit discipline that we've instilled in the company will be germane to all the things we look at, and so we will have to have value in order to go forward. But we're confident there will be opportunities.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Got it, okay. And then just one follow-up for Matthias. Could you talk maybe a bit more about what's driving Flavors erosion? Is it large customers? Is it local customers? Is it specific categories of weakness? And maybe even talk about how that flowed through the quarter?
Matthias Haeni: Mark, this is Matthias speaking. As I tried to outline in the call, we had a significant erosion, particularly in North America. In North America, we were also up to significant comparables of last year as we have seen a few very large product introductions last year. These were seasonal, probably more trendy product launches, heavily supported by our customers and commercials. And we see in our shortfall versus prior year, approximately 2/3 of our shortfall is driven by a few select products and customers. Going into Q3, I think we will see some continued softness not only from these introductions and the comparables, but also from the market situation, which turned to be a bit more challenging, and that has also been supported and communicated by many of our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I did just want to follow-up, I guess, first, on Asia. You've mentioned specifically that China and India were still quite strong, Thailand being the source of weakness. But just for the math to work, I mean Thailand is about, I think, 2% of company sales, which just seems like there may have been something else that was a drag, maybe it was a collection of things, but a little bit more color there would be really helpful.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, this is Matthias speaking again. Thank you for your question. I really tried to outline in Asia. We had seen a mixed picture. We had seen China, India grow strongly and we have seen some challenges in Southeast Asia. Not only Thailand, which is very much impacted by geopolitical situations and unfavorable market situations. We have also seen some challenges in Indonesia in the second quarter. However, I would like to remind, in the first quarter in Indonesia, we had very strong double-digit growth, and we expect to see a normalized pattern going forward.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then overall, at least in the way that I was modeling the quarter, North America actually was a little better than I expected. It was really EAME that kind of stood out as weaker-than-expected. At least as far as Western Europe goes, a lot of your customers, at least the publicly traded ones, have been talking about things maybe seeming a little bit better from a consumer standpoint there. So if maybe we could get a little bit of color on both Flavors and Fragrances, what you're seeing in Western Europe, and if the sources of weakness there was more developed or developing markets?
Matthias Haeni: This is Matthias again. In Western Europe, we experienced some of the challenges. I think it's not across-the-board. It is in a few -- with a few select customers. We keep on winning, thanks to our technology program, in particular, where we helped customers to reduce calories in products, but also to reduce sodium. We have a strong approach to pipeline, but as I outlined, we see some challenges relative to erosion of the business. Nicolas, do you maybe want to add something?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, it's Nicolas here. I will separate, obviously, the trend in Fine Fragrance in the Consumer Goods. As you saw, we had a very strong Q1 in Fine Fragrance of plus 18%. I think it's more related to order patterns, which had affected our performance in Q2. So overall, 5% growth for the first 6 months, which is above market performance. So I think that it's there, but -- we obviously watch out the overall environment and the economic situation. When I look at Consumer Fragrances, we have seen some pocket, obviously, of instability in the region, especially Middle East, Africa but also Eastern Europe, which is impacting the demands on our customers affecting consumer demand, which has created some pocket of headwinds. So we're seeing some improvement as our customers are mentioning. Would it be a meaningful improvement? I don't expect so. But at least we will see some improvement. So it's really a mixed performance according to the countries or subregion that you're talking about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: In terms of your outlook for 2014, from double-digit EPS growth, you don't really need a lot of growth in the second half to get there. Can you maybe give us a little bit of help of how you see the second half? I know you don't like to give guidance on a quarterly basis, but are you implying that maybe the second half isn't double digits because your first half was pretty impressive.
Kevin C. Berryman: Mike, this is Kevin. I'll make just a few comments. We don't imply anything as it relates to what the second half of the business actually looks like in terms of performance level, but I think the mere fact that we are calling for strong double-digit growth in both operating profit and the EPS, I think is indicative that, again, we feel that our second half of the year is going to warrant good performance. At the end of day, we do have, as outlined, kind of a reduction from what we would have originally said on the top line. We had a 5% to 7% range. Now, we're a 4% to 6%. That doesn't mean anything other than probably the high end of our range before is probably unlikely now. And so consequently, we continue to believe that we have a good second half of the year.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right, great. And then a quick question on Fine Fragrances. Latin America still seems to be an area that continues to do well. I've heard Brazil is kind of a sore spot for some folks. Any worries there that, that business will slow down? Or do you have a pretty good backlog of new products to keep that momentum going as we head into the second half of the year?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mike, it's Nicolas again. As you know, last year, we had a very strong first half where we grew 29%, which was far above the market performance. Here, you saw that after some challenge, but it was mostly due to strong comp, minus 15% in Q1 versus plus 38% last year. We have a lag on new good growth, 14% above 20% last year. So we have a good strong pipeline of new wins. But it is fair to say that across categories, Brazil has faced some slower growth rate across customers and product categories. So our pipeline of new wins is strong, and now, it will be -- we have to see other market, and the consumer demand will develop in the next few months. But our performance related to the market is strong. Now, we'll have to see what will be the impact of overall consumer demand.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And one quick one in North America Flavors. In terms of the market sentiment, are customers opting not to launch as many new products as we head into the second half of the year? Or is it maybe some attrition of the base business that's maybe going away faster than you would have thought?
Matthias Haeni: This is Matthias speaking. Frankly, I cannot tell what our customers are going to launch in the second half of this year. I can tell you that we have a strong project pipeline. Our commercial performance, which means the wins are in line with historical levels, yet still need the pressure on a few select customers, and volume remains strong. And we firmly believe we have the ability to win. We have a significant project pipeline, a very strong innovation pipeline that will make a significant difference, which is a lasting difference for our customers and IFF.
Douglas D. Tough: Now this is just an augmentation to what Matthias is talking through. If you look at the top line in the second quarter, you -- our growth from the new wins continue to be very solid. Where we saw the weakness, as Matthias outlined, really is more Flavors-specific and it's the erosion on existing business, which Matthias has already outlined, and some of that is associated with some discrete items on specific customers. So there is some other general erosion that we've seen in Flavors, but the thing that is most important and what we're driving relative to our innovation programs continues to be robust, and we see that pipeline being -- continuing to look pretty solid.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Silke Kueck for Jeff. I was wondering if you can indicate how much of the gross margin contribution this quarter came from volume price mix and how much may have been from a favorable pricing over raw materials?
Kevin C. Berryman: We haven't disclosed that information, Silke, but ultimately, we had drivers of volume mix because of the amount of our growth was more limited this quarter. And especially, as a Nicolas outlined, mix was not as positive as it normally is because of the Fine Fragrance situation that he suggested, but we saw good cost reduction initiatives. We saw some benefits on net pricing, and there was some currency all were adding up to be some positives as it relates to the gross margin.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And in terms of the savings that you expect going forward, there are the benefits from the plant closure in Augusta, and my recollection is that was on an annual basis, maybe to deliver something like $6 million to $8 million. Do you think you may be able to get half of that in the second half? And what was the effect of the amortization expenses from Aromor that are falling away?
Kevin C. Berryman: The -- a couple of things. The $6 million to $8 million is still the expectation on an annual basis. So we would expect, given the timing of the closure, that we will get roughly half of that. Most of the costs as it relates to the acquisition, which we'll refer to, are really relative to the amortization cost. So those will be ongoing. Regardless, the net impact to Aromor on a total basis is immaterial within the context of the profitability of the company.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, I guess ultimately, just like to revisit the North American Flavors issue one more time. So the comparisons are really -- in North American Flavors were very difficult. And I agree, your commentary wasn't different than what your competitors said. Though, in the second half, the comparisons are becoming noticeably easier. And so one of the question is, will you -- is there 1 more quarter of headwinds because there's something customer-specific? Or is it going to be 2 or 3 more quarters of headwinds?
Matthias Haeni: Well, I thank you for your question. We will see continued softness in the third quarter in North America. You are right. We see ease -- comparisons easing in the fourth quarter. And we also expect the third quarter to improve relative to our second quarter performance in North America Flavors.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rohini Baza [ph] with Deutsche Bank.
Rohini Nair - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Rohini Nair from Deutsche Bank. Doug, wishing you all the best as you move on to the next adventure. A few more questions for me on North America Flavors. I guess I'd just love to understand whether you are actively taking any steps towards stemming this volume erosion that you're talking about? Or is it just that you eventually anticipate an improvement in the consumer environment? Along with that, what are you seeing from those specific challenged customers that you think they can improve on? Is it that their new product development is really not up to par? Are they not managing their inventories correctly? It'd just be great to have your thoughts around that.
Matthias Haeni: I think in North America, as we see some pressure overall in the market, we see more and more customers also being very cautious in product launches, and cautiousness is often the result of the seasonal launches. And if the seasonal launch is not going to be a big success, they will take it off the market. I think we see and we'll see continued situations in North America where very large customers are bringing a so-called limited time offerings to the market. We see it in many of the categories. And if this limited time offerings are not very strongly supported by commercials and marketing advertisements, you will see erosion quickly. Now I'm confident that with the project pipeline, which we have, and what we are working with our customers, we are working much more on iconic brands again, brands which are in the marketplace for quite some time, extensions of brands which will stay for a longer period of time. And it remains to be seen what we will get as new product launches in the fourth quarter. We have some visibility on the third one and we feel confident. As for the fourth and beyond, we will see what type of dynamics we are going to experience.
Douglas D. Tough: I would just want to build on something Matthias said, which is in the context of what are the actions being taken, and there's probably a couple. There's obviously a financial discipline associated with cost and investments. But we actually see some significant opportunities in the North American market, particularly with some customers. So both account management and focus on innovation, as well as opening of offices to support these customers, that's actually on our horizon because of the confidence we have in the innovation pipeline. So there's as much, if not more, offensive-based activities as they are defensive in terms of returning the business in North America to growth.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's helpful. If I could have just one quick follow-up. Those categories that you're seeing that are weak, is it basically across-the-board, Sweet, Savory, Dairy, Beverage, or are you seeing it more concentrated?
Matthias Haeni: I think it is more concentrated towards Savory and Beverages. And we keep on making very good inroads in other categories. I -- the isolated cases I was referring to from last year, they're in probably 2 categories only, and this is mainly related to Beverages.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Athlos Research.
Jonathan Patrick Feeney - Athlos Research LLC: Just one question I had. With some of the pressures in developed markets, Flavors business specifically, what's the competitive landscape end like? Has there been an uptick in bid activity or in competitive shuffling, as presumably, your competitors in Flavors are feeling some of the trends you're feeling right now? And to the extent you could mention the pricing environment as it relates to that competitive activity, I'd appreciate it.
Matthias Haeni: I think the -- I tried to outline -- we see some pressure in North America. We see some pressure in Western Europe. Nevertheless, given our opportunity and ability, coupled with the very strong project pipeline and our innovation programs, we are obviously -- these opportunities materializing for us very positively going forward. We have a lot offer to our customers. And what our offering is not only adding great flavors. In our offering, we also are in the position to add taste to products, and with taste, we are also, at the same time, engineering, together with customers, on lower-cost recipes for their own consumers. So overall, I'm very confident that we see opportunities in both in the developed markets, but also in the developing markets, and our growth and model and growth thesis remains strong. And we have a very sound, solid foundation in the Flavors business unit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Yang.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: A question on pricing and raw materials. What percentage type of price increases do you need from your customers to offset some of the raw material prices -- pressures you're seeing?
Kevin C. Berryman: Ed, this is Kevin. We haven't disclosed that. And as you know, at the end of the year, when we talk to our Q4 results, we'll give a perspective on what the expected inflation levels are, and that may give you a better indication as to what kind of pricing may be required to help offset that pressure. But at the end of the day, we don't believe that we're faced -- just to make a few comments, we don't believe we're faced with the situation back in 2011, where we had double-digit input cost, but we do fundamentally believe that there are areas where we're going to have to take pricing to help offset input cost pressure beginning in 2015. So we'll talk more about that at the end of the year during our Q4 call. But not to be an alarmist, there's no need for us to be thinking along the lines of what would have happened in 2011. Your competitors will also, I would assume, be taking the same kind of positions because they'll be interested in trying to recover some of the input cost pressures they would see as well.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it, and that's helpful, Kevin. And along that vein, I'm still -- I am surprised that you are talking about raw material pressures because, in general, it doesn't seem like the raw environment or the commodity environment is necessarily very heated right now. Raw material price pressures, are they driven by capacity reductions in certain areas, or drought, because I don't really see energy prices up all that much. And are there any offsets -- you mentioned naturals as the place where you're seeing raw material pressures, but in synthetics, are you seeing price declines to offset some of those pressures?
Kevin C. Berryman: I think that you're right. The good thing about the diversity of our spend is that there's often times pieces of the portfolio that will go up, and it's often times offset to at least, to some extent, by other pieces of the portfolio that will go down. I would say the one area, and you've already outlined it, which we expect to in general have higher levels, is in the naturals area. We've already called out in the past, Citrus, as one particular area where we know that there's going to be some increases versus our current levels, and there's a few others. But in general, the majority of the pressure points are seen in the naturals area. There would be some others in the Fragrance Ingredients side, but ultimately, it's more in the naturals area at this particular point in time. And that's where we are focusing most of our discussions with our customers right now in terms of those future price increases.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah Donnelly with Gabelli & Co.
Sarah Donnelly - G. Research, Inc.: I just wanted to ask about some of the weakness which you mentioned in Savory and Beverages. Can you just talk a little bit about demand and the technology you have around sodium and sugar substitution and whether that continues to drive demand around new product or project -- your new product pipeline in North America and how it's impacting it globally?
Matthias Haeni: Yes, Sarah, this is Matthias again. I mentioned before, in North America we have seen pressure on few select customers. So it's not across the Savory market or it's not across the Beverage market. Where we have seen pressure are product introductions that were very trendy, very fashionable, heavily supported last year. And also, we have seen our customers building up inventory for such a significant launch. And this is why we are also coming under pressure relative to last year's performance. Coming into the project pipeline, I mentioned to you before, we have a very strong project pipeline in both of what you've described in sodium, as well as in sweetness or in calorie reduction. We are very active, actively engaged with our customers with large global accounts, as well as with regional accounts to take calories out of recipes, not only in beverages but also in other product offerings, in other categories. And we got very positive response. And our win rate typically is significantly higher once we can allocate technology into the recipe design with our customers.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from Mark Astrachan.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted to go back to the earlier M&A question. Curious how you would describe your customers' reception to your competitors to do more business with those that have engaged in M&A and sort of adjacent categories and offering more of a one-stop shop, so in other words, you go beyond Flavors and Fragrances. Are customers more or less willing to engage with them? And how do they sort of think about things broadly, their reception to those deals?
Douglas D. Tough: Well, it's a broad question, Mark, and maybe I'll take the first swing at it and then Matthias can weigh in with some second thoughts. It seems to be a bit of a mixed bag. Some -- there will be a certain degree of receptivity from some customers, probably smaller ones who are looking for a one-stop shop, but almost to the contrary, some of the other larger ones have unbundled things and aren't necessarily looking for that opportunity for a one-stop shop, and as I say to the country, actually going the other direction. So I think it's certainly early to tell. Some companies have that as their business model. It's not the IFF business model that would be the one-stop shop. Matthias, do you want to say anything?
Matthias Haeni: I can echo what Doug outlined. I think medium-sized, or probably small-sized companies, they will appreciate a total product offering. It helps them in the facilitation of their recipe engineering, recipe design. And they also got a lot of probably additional technical advices from companies offering a total solution. When it comes to larger and above all, global accounts, they would typically ask you, Mark, to unbundle your total solutions and systems as they want to have control over individual ingredients and there will be very limited appreciation for what we think is the total solution for it. It may change from account to account. But if you want the experience, then this is what we are working with our customers on.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I would now turn the call back over to Doug.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you very much, operator. Thank you, all, for your participation on our Q2 call. And we'll look forward to our discussion in early November with our Q3 results. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Douglas D. Tough - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President, Fragrances Matthias Haeni – Group President, Flavors Kevin C. Berryman - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Shelley Young - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts:  Mark Astrachan - Stifel Nicolaus Mike Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets Faiza Alwy – Deutsche Bank Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co. 
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances First 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to introduce Shelley Young, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Shelley Young : Thank you. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to IFF’s first quarter 2014 conference call. Earlier today, we distributed a press release announcing our first quarter results. A copy of the release can be found on our IR website at www.iff.com. This call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website.  Please take a moment to review our forward-looking statements which I will read out loud. During the call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to the second quarter and our outlook for the full year of 2014. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 2015 10-K filed on February 25, 2014, and our press release that we filed this morning, all of which are available on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued earlier today and is on our website. With me on the call today is Doug Tough, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Nicholas Mirzayantz, our President of Fragrances; Matthias Haeni, our President of Flavors; and Kevin Berryman, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Matthias joins us for the first time in his new role, so welcome, Matthias. I would now like to turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Tough: Thank you, Shelley. Good morning and good afternoon to everyone. Before I start my formal comments, I would like to extend a warm welcome to Matthias Haeni. As of April 1, Matthias assumed the role of Group President, Flavors after serving as Regional General Manager of Flavors for our EAME region for the past three years. Prior to that, Matthias was the Regional General Manager for Flavors of our greater Asia region. Under his leadership, IFF expanded our manufacturing network in Asia and Europe. We opened new plants in China and Singapore for Flavors, and more recently, we have been expanding our strategically located facility in Gebze, Turkey which will serve the fast growing emerging markets in the region, region, including the Middle East and Africa. We also achieved consistently strong sales and operating profit growth in both EAME and greater Asia in Flavors. Matthias is a 23-year veteran of the flavors and fragrance industry, and we are pleased and excited to have someone with his experience and insight in this role. Turning to the agenda for today's call, I will provide an overview of the first quarter for consolidated IFF, followed by Nicolas Mirzayantz and Matthias Haeni, who will provide their perspective on the performance of our fragrances and flavors business segments, respectively. Then Kevin Berryman will provide you with a financial overview of our first quarter and turn the call back over to me for a balance of the year outlook and some concluding comments before we open the call to your questions. Turning now to the first quarter of 2014, our local currency sales growth was 7%, which reflects balanced growth between flavors and fragrances and includes a percentage point of growth from our Aromor acquisition, which we acquired on January 15. This quarter, fragrance delivered growth of 8%, which includes 2 percentage points of growth from Aromor, and flavors achieved growth of 5%. Growth this quarter was also more balanced between the emerging markets, which grew 7%, and the developed markets, which grew at 5%. Our organic growth this quarter reflects a higher level of new wins, consistent with our performance in 2013. The level of new wins was strong across both business units due to our emphasis on innovation and technology, and the strength of our teams in leveraging our consumer insights, R&D, and creative capabilities to provide outstanding, high-performance products for our customers. As you may recall, on our fourth-quarter call we said we expected to see more moderate top-line growth in the first quarter following a strong Q4. We were pleased that we were able to deliver 7% growth for the second consecutive quarter. Due to some seasonal order patterns, we had stronger than expected sales in the final few weeks of the quarter, which accounted for a large portion of the upside to our original forecasts.  On a regional basis, our strongest local currency growth was achieved in greater Asia, where we are investing in new facilities and capacity and technology in order to support our customers. We saw continued strong double-digit growth in many of the countries where IFF has committed capital, such as Singapore, China, and Indonesia. We also delivered high single-digit growth in EAME and positive growth in Latin and North America. All of our regions are seeing positive growth, which added to our overall sales growth. Turning to our profit margins, our gross profit margins improved 150 basis points versus the prior year. Our strong growth and favorable mix of business contributed to the margin expansion. Our adjusted operating profit in the first quarter of 2014 increased 14%. This is primarily due to our strong growth, combined with margin expansion and disciplined cost control. The results of Aromor were not significant to our consolidated financial performance. IFF's adjusted earnings per share increased 11% to $1.32, in line with our long-term growth targets. We did not benefit from the R&D tax credit this quarter, which resulted in a higher effective tax rate than our adjusted tax rate in the primary year. In summary, we started the year with strong top-line momentum, which resulted in favorable gross and operating margin expansion and enabled us to grow our adjusted earnings per share by 11%.  I would now like to turn the call over to Nicolas and Matthias, so they can provide more detail on their respective business units. Nicolas, it's over to you.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Doug. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Turning to our fragrance business, we had a very strong first quarter with many highlights. Fragrance net revenue of $404 million increased 9% this quarter on a reported basis. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, fragrance delivered local currency sales growth of 8%. This includes 2 percentage points of growth from our recent Aromor acquisition. The strong overall organic growth of 6% reflects a continued high level of new wins, resulting in continued momentum and broad-based growth. The developed market had local currency growth of 9%, and the emerging markets had local currency growth of 2%, indicating the benefits of our geographic and customer diversity. Regionally, our strongest region this quarter was greater Asia, with local currency growth of 16%, and our EAME region had local currency growth of 12%. North America had growth of 8%, reflecting continued strong momentum from new wins and increased coalesced participation. With our stronger move this quarter in our developed markets, a reversal of what we’ve seen in prior quarters, due to a higher volume of fine fragrance sales, in particular to customers in North America and Western Europe, we delivered double-digit growth in fine fragrance in both our North America and EAME regions. Regarding our decline this quarter in Latin America, I would like to put our results into perspective. We are comparing to very strong growth of 15% in Latin America in the first quarter of 2013, including 37% growth in fine fragrance and 11% in consumer fragrances, both higher than the market growth. The overall fragrance business unit growth of 8%, even with the decline in Latin America, points to the strength and diversity of our portfolio. In regard to our end-use category of commercial (inaudible) with fragrance compounds, were recently realigned. Starting with our first-quarter results, we are reporting our top-line sales growth consistent with our new organizational structure. Fragrance compounds consist of two newly-defined market categories: fine fragrances and consumer fragrances. Fine fragrances needs no further explanation. Consumer fragrances consist of five end-use categories, including fabric care, home care, personal wash, toiletries, and hair care. Fine fragrance achieved 10% local currency growth this quarter compared with growth of 1% in the first quarter of 2013. This growth reflects very strong performance with our customers in Western Europe and the United States. We are seeing continued momentum in some of our prior launches, such as Invictus for Men by Paco Rabanne from Puig and La Vie Est Belle by Lancome from L'Oreal. Due to the ongoing longevity and popularity of our classic fragrance launches, which are still in high demand by global consumers, we continued to have strong usage volume in addition to our strong win rate. Consumer fragrances had steady growth of 4%, led by double-digit growth in hair care and high single-digit growth in fabric care, offset in part by a small decline in home care. Our hair care category was up double digits in North America, Europe, and Latin America; and single-digit in greater Asia, in large part due to our success in providing our customers with consumer-preferred fragrances. Our performance was very strong in fabric care, particularly in greater Asia, which accounted for more than half of the upside due to a high level of new wins in both global and regional customers in the region.  Our fragrance ingredients business, which now includes the results of Aromor, had local currency growth of 22%. Aromor added 14 percentage points to the ingredients end growth. The business growth of 8% benefited from sales of unit product families, including specialty ingredients. We also saw the continued planned migration of some of our volume in fragrance compounds. Excluding the impact of both Aromor and the planned migration, which had a 4% negative impact on growth, fragrance ingredients had growth of 12%. Next quarter will be the final quarter of the planned migration of volume from ingredients to compounds.  In summary, we achieved very good top-line growth, thanks to the strength and diversity of our portfolio, customer base, end-use category, and consumer insight in our key markets. Here you see both our top-line and operating profit growth. As you can see, we were able to leverage our 8% local currency sales growth into higher segment operating profit expansion of 28% due to gross profit improvements combined with improved cost control. Our gross margin this quarter benefited from strong volume gains and improved end-use category mix, as well as a favorable impact of price to input costs and continued focus on cost reduction through multiyear programs, which have resulted in productivity enhancements. The extreme margin growth combined with the higher growth units resulted in a $19 million improvement in segment profit to $87.2 million. Our segment profit margin improved 320 basis points to 21.6%. For the second quarter, we are expecting continued momentum in the business. We are anticipating a modest amount of inflationary pressure in the input cost environment in the second half of the year. And we have been focused and continue to focus on driving efficiency into our portfolio to reduce our overhead cost structure. To that end, over the past few years we restructured and streamlined our organization. We reduced our manufacturing footprint both in compound and ingredients and realigned our organization to increase go-to-market and offer improved alignment with customers. By implementing these actions, we were able to minimize price increase to our customers.  Before I conclude, I would like to make a few comments about our recent acquisition of Aromor. We are very pleased they have joined IFF, and all of our teams, R&D, creative, commercial, operations, and finance, are working closely with our new colleagues to ensure a successful integration. Our combined R&D pipeline is very strong, and we are working collaboratively to capture synergies between the two organizations.  I am also pleased that some of our new launch in the second half of the year will include fragrances formulated using our new molecules, which you may recall were only recently launched internally. This signifies not only our consumers’ confidence in our new molecule pipeline, but also shows our faster speed to market, which is a testament to the collaboration of the entire team and improved processes. Before I turn the call over to Matthias, our new President of Flavors, I would like to welcome him to the new role and wish him continued success. 
Matthias Haeni : Thank you very much, Nicolas. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. I'm very pleased to be here on today's conference call. I joined the team in New York. Turning to our sales performance, in the first quarter Flavors achieved local currency sales growth of 5%, led by double-digit growth in the emerging markets, which continued to be a strong and important driver for our business. We achieved solid growth within our long-term targets despite weakness in North America, thanks to the diversity and breadth of our portfolio and customer base. Notably, we achieved strong performance in many of the countries where we committed or are committing capital to add capacity or technology. In particular, the growth we are seeing in emerging markets of greater Asia, Latin America, and central and southeastern Europe clearly supports our investment strategy. In total, Flavors grew 12% in the emerging markets, led by Latin America, where we had growth of over 20%; and greater Asia, which achieved high single-digit growth. Turning to the regions, in Europe, Africa, and the Middle East, as you see on the slide, we had solid growth of 4%. This was supported by growth in all categories. In greater Asia there was widespread growth across all end-use categories, resulting in total local currency sales growth of 8%. There was double-digit growth in many countries, and we were extremely pleased to see the continuation of strong trends. In North America this quarter we saw a decline reflecting overall market weakness. It resulted in lower volumes on existing business, and new wins were not sufficient to offset these volume losses. Our customers have been impacted equally to softer market environment we are seeing in North America, and we are closely monitoring the situation. Finally, turning to our strong performance in Latin America, I know Hernan talked about Latin America in the past and the improvements that IFF was making in this market. Our people in the region have been working hard to leverage our technology and creation capabilities to develop new growth opportunities. And we are seeing the results of their efforts in terms of strong new wins, especially in beverages, where our technologies are opening new avenues for growth. Latin America increased 23% in the quarter and was up double digits for the second consecutive quarter. The accelerated positive momentum is based on the strength of our product offerings; based on our creative and application know-how; and customer intimacy, which is ultimately the hallmark of IFF. We also look at our performance through the lens of end-use categories. Flavors delivered double-digit growth in beverages and mid-single-digit gains in savory and dairy, all supported by our health and wellness platform. As you know, our Flavors' creative and applications teams worked with customers across end-use categories to develop high-performing products that address the needs of health-conscious consumers who want great-tasting food and beverages that have less fat, less salt, and less sugar. In summary, Flavors achieved solid and widespread growth, with emerging markets, again a key growth driver. Turning to our financial performance, local currency growth of 5% included high levels of technology-driven wins and double-digit growth in the emerging markets. Historic volume growth, combined with mix gains, net favorable pricing inputs, costs, and manufacturing efficiencies resulted in enhanced gross margin again this quarter. At the same time, we exerted tight control over our fixed expenses, resulting in increased growth leverage. The margin gains combined with disciplined spending resulted in a 6% or $5 million improvement in our segment profit performance this quarter. Put another way, our segment profit margins expanded by 70 basis points to 24% in the first quarter. Turning to our outlook for the second quarter of 2014, we expect moderate growth as we compare to strong like-for-like growth of 8% in the second quarter of 2013. We expect continued growth in the emerging markets, where we have made significant positive investment in capacity and creation capabilities to better serve our customers.  In summary, our performance this quarter was solid on top and bottom lines. We continued to make focused investments to better serve our customers and to provide growth for the short, medium, and long term. I will now turn the call over to Kevin, our CFO.
Kevin Berryman: Thank you. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. As you can see on the slide, our performance was certainly strong in Q1. Our net sales of $770 million were up on a reported basis by 6%. Excluding the 100 basis point negative impact of foreign currency this quarter, our consolidated local currency sales growth was 7%. As noted earlier, our consolidated sales included the results from our recent acquisition of Aromor, which added a percentage point to our consolidated growth. We are pleased with the initial results from this strategic acquisition and welcome our Aromor colleagues to our global organization. This quarter, fragrance represented 52% of our sales, and flavors comprised the remaining 38%. Our growth in the quarter was well balanced between flavors and fragrances. We had a strong mix of business between the emerging markets and developed markets, up 7% and 5%, respectively. Our adjusted gross margins this quarter improved by 180 basis points to 44.7%, which reflects gross margin expansion in both business units due to very strong volume gains, certainly driven by growth from the wins, sales mix improvements, as well as some favorable impact of price to input costs and cost reduction initiatives. Strong margin growth and disciplined cost control resulted in a 14% increase in our adjusted operating profit to $159 million. Our adjusted effective tax rate in the first quarter of 25.5% was above our effective rate of 24% in the first quarter of 2013, primarily reflecting loss of tax benefits relating to the U.S R&D tax credit this year. As a result, our adjusted EPS growth of 11% brought our first quarter adjusted EPS to $1.32, resulting in an EPS growth in line with our long-term targets. Turning to our Research, Selling, and Administrative costs, RSA as a percent of sales increased 10 basis points this quarter, from 23.9% of sales to 24% of sales, for an increase of $11.5 million. The increase reflects the addition of Aromor to our operating results as well as slightly higher incentive compensation accruals for the quarter. We remain focused on maintaining cost discipline while investing in research and development and other strategic growth opportunities. Importantly, our research and development spending was 8% of sales in the quarter, consistent with our continued focus on driving our innovation agenda.  Here you see our customary chart showing the change in the strength of the euro relative to the dollar. This quarter, despite the strengthening of the euro, foreign exchange had a 100 basis point negative impact on our top-line growth, as favorable foreign exchange rates were more than offset by a significant weakening of some currencies during the quarter, including the Indian rupee, the South African rand, the Japanese yen, and the Australian dollar. As it relates to our bottom line, however, as a result of our hedging programs and proactive management, FX had a slight positive impact on our EPS, reflecting our continued focus on reducing volatility in our results through our cash flow hedging programs or other measures. At this point in the year the full-year impact on our bottom-line growth is expected to be somewhat favorable versus year ago at current foreign exchange rates. As a reminder, for 2014 the majority of our euro exposure is hedged at a rate of $1.32, close to the average for 2013. Turning to our cash flow, our operating cash flow in the first quarter of 2014 was $35 million compared with an operating cash flow of $19 million in the prior-year quarter. The prior year cash flow included a $30 million incremental U.S pension contribution. The year-over-year increase reflects the $16 million improvement in net income, partially offset by increased incentive compensation payments in the first quarter of 2014 versus the first quarter of 2013. As a percent of sales, the current-quarter operating cash flow is 4.5% of sales compared with 2.6% in the year-ago quarter. Core working capital improved in absolute dollars to support our business growth; however, it declined on a percentage of sales of the business. Turning to our capital structure, capital spending for growth in infrastructure and newer technology continued to be our most important use of cash. Over the past few years we have been investing approximately 4.5% of sales on adding capacity where it's needed to optimize our geographic footprint and provide newer technologies to our customers in all markets. As Matthias mentioned, we are in the midst of building out our manufacturing capacity and building a new creative center in Turkey. At the end of 2013, we also announced a $50 million investment in Indonesia to build a new manufacturing facility in the Jakarta area and install a new creative center on our existing site in Jakarta for our customers. We are also committed to returning capital to our shareholders in the forms of dividends and cash. We currently pay a quarterly dividend of $0.39 a share. In addition, in the first quarter of 2014, we spent $20 million on share buybacks, representing 227 million shares at an average price of $88.70, which brings our total spending program to date to $71 million through the end of the first quarter. Based on the current share price, we continue to expect that we will spend more our share buyback in 2014 than we did in 2013.  Subsequent to quarter end, we also completed the extension of our $950 million credit facility to April 4, 2019, at more attractive rates than our previous revolver. This provides IFF with continued financial flexibility and a lower cost than the Company's previous facility. Finally, we continue to evaluate business development opportunities such as Aromor and other entities, and we are targeting those opportunities that will provide us with access to new technology, geography, or business adjacency that will make strong strategic sense and leverage our expertise in science and technology.  Before turning the call back over to Doug, I would like to provide you with an update on the performance of our portfolio as it relates to economic profit. This slide highlights the progress we have made in improving the return profile of our overall portfolio. I would like to highlight that while improving the return profile, we have been delivering against our sales growth objectives, consistent with our long-term financial targets. This demonstrates our ability to both grow the business while improving the profitability of our portfolio.  The pie chart on the right shows the breakdown of our portfolio at the end of 2013, while the pie chart on the left shows the breakdown of our portfolio at the end of 2009, the year immediately preceding the initial implementation of economic profit as a management tool. At the end of 2013, 80% of our invested capital was supporting EP positive categories, up from 65% in 2009. Furthermore, a full 95% of our portfolio is now EP breakeven or positive, up from 85% in 2009, or an improvement of 10 percentage points.  As you may recall, as part of our objective to strengthen our overall portfolio, we identified in 2011 approximately $50 million of operating profit opportunity that we believed we could realize while applying the principles of economic profit and driving efficiencies into the underperforming parts of our portfolio. By exiting lower-margin sales activities, focusing on profitable growth, and driving operating efficiencies, by year-end 2013 we had exceeded our going-in target of $50 million -- two years ahead of our original estimated time. This has been reflected in our improved operating margins and results. Today, we still believe there are additional opportunities to improve certain parts of the portfolio further while delivering meaningful product innovation. While we expect that this will represent additional profit opportunities, we also expect that certain growth investments will be made that will offset this benefit over the next few years. These ongoing, continuous improvement efforts are a fundamental part of our three-pillar strategy. I will now turn the call back over to Doug discuss our outlook and provide a wrap-up.
Doug Tough: Thank you, Kevin, Matthias, and Nicolas. As you heard from the team, we had a strong start to the year based on our operating performance. Our local currency sales growth of 7% was higher than our original forecast. Given the strong start to the year, we are reconfirming our expectation for local currency sales growth of 5% to 7%, which includes a percentage point of growth from the Aromor acquisition. Due to the volume growth and the improved mix of business, we delivered strong gross and operating margins. Our adjusted operating margins achieved growth of 14%, while our adjusted earnings per share increased 11%. We’re also reconfirming our expectation to deliver double-digit operating profit and earnings per share growth for the full year. For the second quarter we expect more moderate sales growth. However, given our emphasis on productivity savings and other margin improvements, we expect to see continued gross margin expansion, but at a lower rate of year-over-year improvement, especially as we compare the improved gross margin performance of the prior year in quarters two, three, and four. In addition, we are also closely monitoring input costs and expect to see some inflationary cost pressure in the second half of the year. Certain input costs are expected to increase. Our emphasis on our 10 key research and development platforms has resulted in a stronger pipeline for the Company, and we continue to invest in our programs and subject them to a disciplined review process to make sure they are proceeding on track. For the second quarter of 2014 we are expecting to achieve sales, operating profit, and earnings per share growth within our long-term targets. I would like to leave you with a few key takeaways from our first quarter. First, we achieved strong momentum in both business units, with more balanced growth between our emerging and developed markets. We also achieved growth in both our local global and regional accounts. This diversity provides us with greater stability and enabled us to achieve 7% growth, even when some areas of our business are facing a more challenging set of circumstances. Second, we have made and continue to make strategic investments in the business to expand our footprint and make sure we have the necessary capacity to grow with our customers in the regions and to continue to work with new customers who have strong local positions. We are able to work with global, local, and regional customers and provide them with consumer insight, R&D expertise, and fragrance and flavors that they can sell to consumers anywhere in the world.  Third, we continue to grow our gross and operating margins by focusing on productivity, efficiency, and quality improvements and we have seen the benefits in our strong profit growth. Fourthly, our strong performance reflects the collaborative efforts of our people to leverage our consumer insights, R&D, and creative capabilities to provide outstanding results for our customers and our shareholders. We are making investments in our people to make sure they have the necessary training and development to better serve our customers and anticipate future trends. And fifth, we continue to execute against our three strategic pillars to leverage our geographic reach, to strengthen our innovation platform, and to maximize our portfolio. We continue to believe execution of our three pillars will enable us to drive profitable growth for our shareholders. Thank you for your participation today. We will now open the call to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) and your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning, everybody, and welcome, Matthias. I guess just couple -- few questions. One just sort of broader question on the developing markets, so a bit of a slowdown relative to 2013 growth. I guess we’ve heard from some of your larger customers that they are starting to see a slowdown. I guess maybe sort of quantify what you've seen year-to-date in 2014, and how you are thinking about that growth going forward -- and maybe even talk about specific markets, countries where you may be seeing a bit of a slowdown. And then Matthias, can you talk a bit about the North America business? I know you haven't been there that long, but maybe talk a bit about what you are thinking about expectation-wise in terms of potential improvements, since it's not just this quarter. It’s been a bit weak over the last year or so.
Doug Tough: Okay, Mark, I will start off, and then I'll ask both Matthias and Nicolas to weigh in with their perspectives. I think the overarching comment is we still have great confidence in overall emerging market opportunities, the celebrated next billion consumers. We believe that trend is inexorable, and we remain committed to it. I'd also say that -- and you will get more specifics in a minute, but to the degree that some of our customers are sensing or mentioning some of the slowdown, it's been marginal for us. And the buoyancy continues pretty good across almost all of the major emerging markets. So we haven't seen the trend to the degree they have, and we remain bullish. But you’ve asked specific questions and I’ll ask Matthias to start, and then Nicolas can weigh in with thoughts from fragrances.
Matthias Haeni: Thank you. Let me tell you that we are really pleased to see development which we see with the emerging markets. We have seen very strong momentum in Latin America, but also in most of the strategic key markets in Asia Pacific as well as in central southeastern Europe, and strong, focused markets for our folks in Africa. As such, we don't see a slowdown. I believe we have continued to put solid momentum going forward in these markets. Coming back to your question on North America, indeed we are disappointed with our performance in the first quarter this year. We have experienced lower volumes on existing business; and new wins, which we had particularly in key categories like beverages could not offset the weakness we have experienced with our sales in many key accounts. I tried to outline that we will be up against very strong comparables. Also, in the second quarter in North America we will expect a different order pattern and a change in our performance in the second half of this year.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mark, good morning. This is Nicolas. Sentiments overall regarding our confidence in the emerging markets, they have been a growth engine for many quarters in the past. You see we have continued momentum in greater Asia following last year's momentum, and coming from a very, very good -- increased new wins and increased penetration of the market, and also leveraging our encapsulation technology. So maybe the additional comments will be about Latin America. The decline that we saw is coming after nine consecutive quarters of double-digit growth. I think that -- let me chart it through drivers.  First of all, we are comparing to very strong growth of 15% in the first quarter last year, and as I indicated 37% including fine fragrance and 11% in consumer fragrances. It would be sure to say that we are seeing in major countries, such as in Brazil, with the market slowing down a bit, and also some inventory correction from some of our customers. Two important factors moving forward; first of all, the level of new wins is comparable to our historical average. So our momentum and our coalesced participation and success is continued. And also, we are early in the quarter. And we are seeing a reversing of the trend in Q2. So it's really one quarter which will be impacted by the factors I just shared with you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Sison with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning, guys. Great start to the year. Nicolas, you talked about three to four areas that drove the improvement in operating margin this quarter, pretty impressive there in the low 20s. Can you maybe give us a feel of which of those 3 to 4 areas were most pertinent and sustainable for the rest of the year? Is this sort of a new level of profitability we should expect going forward? And then one for Matthias. Congratulations on the new spot there. Anything different that you are going to drive going forward? I think Hernan had a great run. Anything new that you expect to do to drive growth and keep that business on track? Thank you.
Kevin Berryman: Okay, Mike. This is Kevin. Thanks for the call, and let me make a couple of comments as it relates to some of the drivers on margin, and then I can turn it over to Nicolas to provide further clarity. Look, I think at the end of the day we have continued to be driving the maximization of the portfolio, which is about a lot of initiatives throughout the organization to help drive incremental profitability into the portfolio. That really was the primary driver to our improvements in margin on a total basis for the Company. If you think about growth leverage, you think about the benefits of mix, you think about the cost reduction initiatives that are in place, those were the majority of the driver for the gross margin improvement. Of course, that was really the big driver to our operating profit improvement as it relates to the combination of the two, the volume, the growth at the top line as well as the gross margin improvement. So, the road from -- slight benefit as it relates to the net benefit of input costs and pricing options that had been taken, are really the big drivers. And the material part of the improvement was relative to the growth leverage, the mix, and the cost reduction initiatives.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mike, this is Nicolas. Just to add to Kevin's comment, you have already talked about the extreme focus on the productivity initiatives, and we've really reduced our footprint. We've been focusing on some of the most effective parts of our portfolio. We invested. It's the result of innovation and really driving the innovations of our portfolio faster. And now you are on the level of execution. So all these productivity initiatives, along with the focus on really maximizing our portfolio and driving innovation have been some of the key drivers of the improvement.
Matthias Haeni: Thank you very much, Mike. We have made significant investments over the last few years in key strategic markets and added infrastructure to increase capacity, but also in our creative skillset. We have a very strong innovation pipeline in our health and wellness portfolio, where we are addressing the demands to reduce sugar, fat, and salt. I am very confident we will capitalize on the many investments which we have made in the past in our fold. I’m very proud that I have a very strong management team which I can take over from Hernan.
Doug Tough: And, Mike, it might be fair for me to weigh in, having worked with Hernan and now Matthias for a short while. Matthias is focused on technology, and technology being a driver of growth and innovation is probably something I have really noticed. And it fits and aligns really well with what we are trying to do. Matthias's knowledge of the industry and technology is going to be a real plus for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faiza Alwy with Deutsche Bank.
Faiza Alwy – Deutsche Bank: So I have a couple of questions. First of all, I wanted to get an update on the input costs. I know that you talked about a benefit this quarter, but then the back half is expected to be -- it's supposed to be more expensive on the input costs side. But then it looks like you took some pricing this quarter. So was that pricing related to the expected increase in input costs in the back half? Or -- and then more specifically, where exactly are you able to take the pricing this quarter? And then my second question was on for selling and admin costs. It looks like those increased -- and I know you highlighted the incentive comp increase. Was that really the only thing that drove that increase? Or were there any costs associated with, for example, the Aromor acquisition that you may have considered as part of adjusted operating profit, but may really be extraordinary? If you could just comment on that. Thanks.
Kevin Berryman: Thanks for the question, Faiza. I think, first thing, on pricing, we really didn't take any pricing in the quarter. So if you look at our top-line performance, it's really related to volume and mix, which is driving the top line. So, no real fundamental change in pricing levels for the quarter. The second point as it relates to input costs, we feel pretty comfortable as we sit here today that our current inventory levels plus contractual arrangements won't result in there being a material change and any pressures on gross margins this year, per se. But we do know that current pockets of areas of input and material are in fact at elevated levels versus what we would be enjoying at this particular point in time in terms of our costs.  So once we get back into the market and are purchasing those new inventory levels, they will be at higher prices. And we expect that to be occurring over the back half of this year. I would call out a couple of areas. I would call out citrus. I would call out onion. I would call out patchouli as some areas where we know that there are some increases in costs coming. So as we realize those costs, we will be having targeted discussions with certain customers to understand those pressures that will be developing. And certainly, as we enter into 2015 we’ll start to see some of that flowing through the P&L.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Edward Yang with Oppenheimer.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.: Good morning and congratulations a nice quarter. Just following up on the question about pricing. How often do you go back and talk to customers now on pricing? Back in the day in the industry, I think generally you kept prices pretty stable and tried to get higher prices on new products. But I think that changed during some of the raw material inflation we saw in the last five years or so. So how often do you have these conversations at this point in terms of pricing?
Kevin Berryman: Let me take a stab. This is Kevin -- at the question. I think it really is depending upon the specificity of the issues that are involved and the magnitude of the increases. And we could have targeted discussions with one group of customers because of the mix of the materials that they use, and no discussions with other customers, because they are not faced with the same dynamic. Look, if in fact there is a general minor cost increase, I think generally speaking, we don't look for pricing relative to that, because we look to drive efficiencies into our portfolio on an ongoing basis. So we try and limit our asks for price increases for our customers. But when we look at the increases that we are expecting in the areas I called out, they are high enough where we are going to need to have a discussion with certain customers, and that will be occurring probably over the back half of the year, as we see those costs developing. 
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.: And do the customers, Kevin, come back and initiate pricing discussions on their own? For example, if you are getting raw materials relief, do they ask for -- have they been asking for concessions?
Kevin Berryman: I think as in any buy/sell relationships, our customers always ask for lower prices. I think that's a continuous kind of process. But certainly, it becomes a little bit more elevated if, in fact, they believe there are input cost reductions that we are able to realize. But I would remind you, though, at the end of the day, the input costs where we are today are still at very extraordinary levels versus historical. And so at the end of the day, we are still underwater in terms of gross margins, just from the input cost increases we saw over the course of 2011 and 2012. We’ve recovered the gross profit, but not the gross margin impact of that. So as we look at these input costs going forward, we’ll be having those targeted discussions with customers.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. And just some final cash flow questions. Buyback activity -- you said that would be up year over year. Could you give a sense of the range there? Is it still going to be targeted towards primarily offsetting options creep? And the CapEx was up 13% year over year. What's your expected spending for 2014?
Kevin Berryman: Sure. Our expected spend is consistent with the message that we have been delivering over the last actual few years. We will be in the neighborhood of 4.5%, so between 4% and 5% of sales. And I would say probably closer to 4.5%, kind of in the middle of that range in terms of CapEx. In terms of the share buyback, certainly at current share price levels, I would say it will be slightly above the amount of the share buyback that we had last year. But certainly, that's dependent upon what's happened on the share price going forward. If we see significant increases, we’ll probably be buying a little bit less. And if we see significant decreases, we’ll be buying more.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Doug Tough: Thank you very much for everyone's participation on today's call, and we look forward to talking to you again in early August, when we have our Q2 results. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's International Flavors & Fragrances conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-13 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelley Young - Director of Investor Relations Douglas D. Tough - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President of Fragrances Hernan Vaisman - Group President of Flavors Kevin C. Berryman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Rohini Nair - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Shelley Young, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Shelley Young: Thank you. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to IFF fourth quarter and full year 2013 conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter and full year 2013 financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our website at iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay on our website. Before turning the call over Doug Tough and our senior management team, I'd like to read our forward-looking statements. Please keep in mind that during this call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to the fourth quarter and full year 2013 and our outlook for 2014. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 2012 10-K filed on February 26, 2013, and our press release that we filed this morning, all of which are available on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued earlier today on our website. For those of you who are new to our conference call, I'd like to introduce the participants on today's call. With me on the call is Doug Tough, our Chairman and CEO; Nicholas Mirzayantz, our President of Fragrances; Hernan Vaisman, our President of Flavors; and Kevin Berryman, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Doug Tough.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Shelley, and good morning and good afternoon to everyone. Our focus on the call this morning is to provide an overview of our fourth quarter and full year operating performance, give you an update on our strategy, take you through a review of each of our business units and provide our current outlook for 2014. After the prepared remarks, we will have some time for questions. Now I would like to provide you with an overview of our performance in quarter 4 of 2013. Our local currency sales growth in Q4 was 7% and reflects strong growth in both our Flavors and Fragrances business units. The emerging markets grew at 11%, which is the highest quarterly growth rate achieved this year. On a consolidated basis, the emerging markets grew at 5x the level of the developed markets in the quarter, and 50% of our sales were to the emerging markets. The overall growth was supported by positive volume on existing business and a steady level of new business wins, reflecting the collaboration among our creative, research and development, and consumer insights teams to provide our customers with products that will continue to delight their consumers. At the same time, we achieved continued margin expansion, which was supported by a moderate decline in our input costs and the many strategic initiatives that we have discussed all year, including productivity savings, mix and volume leverage. As previously forecast, in the quarter, there was no material impact related to the exit of low-margin sales activities in Flavors. As a result of the strong volume growth, combined with continued margin improvements, we were able to grow our adjusted operating profit by 13%, even as we invested close to 10% of our sales in R&D and absorbed costs related to increased incentive compensation expense. As a result, earnings per share increased by 11% to $0.92, and for the full year, our EPS increased by 12% to $4.46. In summary, all of our key growth metrics, including local currency sales growth, adjusted operating profit and adjusted earnings per share grew above our long-term targets. We are especially pleased with the strong performance, given the very strong Q4 results of last year that we were comparing to. The strong end of the year in Q4 has capped an excellent year of performance in 2013, especially when noting the still volatile global economic environment. We achieved local currency growth of 5% and, adjusting for the exit of low-margin sales activities in the Flavors business earlier in the year, we achieved like-for-like sales growth of 6% for the full year. This is the fourth consecutive year that we have achieved growth of at least 4% to 6%. In over the past 5 years, we have grown at a compound annual growth rate of 5% plus, at the higher end of our long-term growth target of 4% to 6%. Our top line growth continues to benefit from our geographic footprint, our focus on innovation and our ability to use our core expertise to provide our customers with creative feeling products that their consumers enjoy. Our strategy is grounded in 3 strategic pillars and benefits from product diversification, and we believe the diversity of our business leads to greater stability and consistency of earnings. The vast majority of the products we make are those essentials that consumers consider part of their everyday lives, and that gives us confidence that consumers will use our customer's products in good times and in challenging times. Benefiting from the leverage in our P&L, our 5% increase in local currency sales resulted in adjusted operating profit growth of 11% and an EPS improvement of 12%. All of our profit metrics were above our long-term growth targets of 7% to 9% on adjusted operating profit growth and 10% adjusted EPS. At IFF, we have a well-articulated growth strategy that we believe will enable us to achieve our desired goal of profitable growth. I will briefly comment on our progress against our 3-pillar strategy. Here is the progress we have made in executing our strategy over the past year. Emerging markets accounted for 50% of our sales in the fourth quarter, the first time ever the emerging markets have represented 50% of our sales in any quarter. For the full year, emerging markets represented 49% of sales. We opened our Flavors manufacturing facility in Guangzhou, China and expanded our laboratories in Isando, South Africa and Hilversum, in the Netherlands. We continue to expand our facility in Gebze, Turkey, which will open in the first half of 2015. We have already completed Phase 1 of the expansion. The new complex will include additional capacity and a new creative and application center for the developing markets of Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa. We announced construction of a new creative applications laboratory at our existing facility in Jakarta, Indonesia, as well as a new manufacturing facility on the outskirts of Jakarta. Our capital investments in new capacity, technology and creative application laboratories in Singapore, China, Turkey and Indonesia will approximate $250 million. Turning to innovation. We have accelerated the introduction of new molecules on both sides of the house to provide our perfumers and flavorsists with a broader palette from which to choose and provide them molecules that are high performing and cost effective. We're developing the next generation of our proprietary encapsulation capsules for use in new applications such as Hair and Personal Wash, in addition to Fabric Care. We are continuing to invest in biotechnology and are either on plan or ahead of plan regarding our biotechnology partnership initiatives with Amyris and Evolva. And earlier in 2014, we acquired Aromor, a privately held manufacturer and marketer of complex specialty ingredients, that are used in Fragrances and Flavors, with strong R&D capabilities. We are very excited about their portfolio of cost-effective specialty molecules, which will complement our existing Ingredients portfolio and provide a better array of molecules to our perfumers. In short, our commitment has never been stronger to innovation, as evidenced by the fact that over the last 3 years, we have increased our basic R&D expenditures by over 40%, or compound annual growth rate of nearly 13%. We are investing for the short, medium and long term. We are a commercial enterprise that continuous to focus on finding ways to enhance our returns to provide more value to our shareholders, and we have made continued progress regarding our third strategic pillar, maximizing our portfolio. More specifically, we concluded the exit of $60 million of low-margin sales activities in Flavors over the past 6 quarters, which further enhanced our consolidated margins by over 40 basis points. We have enhanced many internal process disciplines, such as our cost to serve and our go-to market models that make our processes more efficient and better align our resources with commercial opportunities. Economic Profit continues to expand within the organization and continues to provide a foundation for our disciplined approach to both investment and evaluation of business progress. Today, we believe our return on invested capital is the highest in the industry at 18.3%. And importantly, we improved the economic profit profile of our portfolio. Today, 94% of our portfolio is now economically neutral or positive, versus 65% in 2010. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Nicolas Mirzayantz, our Group President of Fragrances.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Doug. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. 2013 was a strong year for Fragrance, building on the developing momentum we achieved in the second half of 2012. Fragrance delivered solid top line growth in every quarter due to a consistently high level of growth from new business wins, combined with lower erosion on the base business. We increased colleagues' participation with global, as well as regional customers. We ended the year with record levels of revenue, we improved our product portfolio and we are better positioned for future growth. Turning to fourth quarter results. The Fragrance business unit achieved strong local currency growth of 7%, which was on top of the 13% growth achieved in the fourth quarter of 2012. Our Fragrance Compound business had local currency growth of 9%, which more than offset the decline of 3% in Ingredients due to the transition of some volume from Ingredients to Compounds. Excluding the transition, Ingredients would have been positive for the second consecutive quarter. We are seeing continued signs of stabilization in our Fragrance Ingredient business and believe the steps we have taken to reduce costs, while increasing the specialty segment of that portfolio, will improve our company disposition and increase our win rate in Fragrance Compounds. Fragrance Compounds growth of 9% in this quarter is on top of the 15% growth seen in the year-ago quarter and was supported by a strong level of new wins in every category and every region. Our new business wins in 2013 are testament to our innovation and go-to-market capabilities and show good collaboration on the part of our consumer insight, sales and creative teams. The emerging markets continued to be a strong growth driver and accounted for 52% of Fragrance Compounds sales. This market grew at 9% and accounted for approximately 60% of the growth in the Fragrance business this quarter. In Fragrance Compounds, all regions had a very strong momentum. Greater Asia at 16% growth, followed by EAME with an 11% growth, Latin America grew by 7%, totaling a 27% growth in the prior year, and North America also experienced positive growth. Fine and Beauty Care had growth of 9% on top of 17% in the prior-year quarter, with 24% growth in EAME and 12% growth in Greater Asia. The fastest-growing subcategory was Fine Fragrance, led by double-digit growth in EAME. Growth of 10% in Functional Fragrance, on top of 10% growth in the prior-year quarter, was driven by double-digit growth in Fabric Care. Home Care and Personal Wash had solid growth, supported by strong results in Latin America and North America. Turning to Fragrance Ingredients. We've made a lot of progress this year in reshaping our portfolio and reorienting the business for growth. Earlier in the year, we made the announcement that we will close our Augusta manufacturing facility. We have also made progress with our investment with our biotech partner, Amyris, reaching milestones faster than originally expected. In mid-January, we announced the acquisition of Aromor, which has been a supplier to IFF of specialty ingredients over the past several years. And I will provide additional insights on Aromor at the end of my presentation. On a full-year basis, Fragrance revenues grew 6% on both a reported and local currency basis. Fragrance Compounds grew by 8%, equally balanced between Fine and Beauty Care and Functional Fragrance due to our creation capabilities, combined with our consumer insights and research and development teams. Fine and Beauty Care grew 8%, with growth in every subcategory. Both Fine Fragrance and Hair had high single-digit growth due to strong growth in the emerging markets. Toiletries also had solid growth due to strong growth in the emerging market as well. Functional Fragrance grew by 8% in large part due to double-digit growth in Fabric Care, which was supported by our encapsulation technology. The momentum in Ingredients has improved throughout the year, and we believe we have stabilized the business. All of the softness in the top line in the second half of 2013 was due to the transition of some volume from Ingredients to Compounds. If we exclude this volume, Ingredients would have seen positive growth in the second half of the year and flat for the full year. Turning to profitability. The 7% sales growth and combined with gross margin improvements due to both the net benefit of pricing versus input costs, as well as there are many strategic and productivity initiative, translated to operating profit growth of 16%, or $9 million. The improved profitability more than offset increased R&D and incentive compensation expenses. Our segment profit as, a percent of sales, increased 110 basis points over the prior year and was driven by moderating input costs, but still remaining ahead of elevated levels, productivity initiatives and volume and manufacturing leverage. Turning to the full year. Fragrance local currency sales growth of 6%, when combined with gross margin improvement and cost discipline, resulted in segment profit growth of 19% to $283 million. The segment profit, as a percent of sales, increased 200 basis points from 16.5% to 18.5%, as a result of the same factors that partially impacted Q4 results. Looking ahead, on the heels of a very strong Q4, we expect to see growth more in line with our long-term targets and more moderate than our growth in the fourth quarter. Although our Ingredients business has turned the corner and we're expecting positive growth in Q1, we're expecting the Fragrance Compound growth to be more moderate than our growth in the fourth quarter. Let's say we are tightly controlling our costs and expect to see operating cost improvement. In the last 6 months, we introduced 3 new substance and fragrance molecules through our creative teams, and we're ending the year with a strong pipeline of new ingredients. Before turning the call over to Hernan Vaisman, I wanted to provide some additional insights on our recently announced acquisition. As you may know, on January 16, 2014, we announced the acquisition of Aromor, a privately held manufacturer and marketer of complex specialty ingredients. We have been buying specialty ingredients from Aromor for many years. The acquisition brings numerous benefits to IFF. We have been evaluating our Ingredients business and looking to augment the specialty segment of our portfolio. Aromor's portfolio of specialty molecule is very complementary to our portfolio. At the same time, it strengthens the portfolio and position us for stronger and more profitable growth in Fragrance Compounds. Aromor has a very strong organization of world-class chemists, they have strong expertise and knowledge and know-how, and we will be investing in their capabilities for future growth. Collectively, we will be able to provide Aromor specialty ingredients to our perfumers who will have an extended palette of cost-advantage molecule, which will enable them to increase our win rates. Aromor has a strong financial profile. They have been growing quickly to $35 million of pro forma sales in 2013. They will, therefore, add a percentage point of growth to our 2004 Q revenue growth. Due to the specialty nature of their portfolio, their EBITDA margins are in line with our own and are expected to be accretive to our EPS in 2014. We are excited to welcome the entire Aromor team to IFF, and we are looking forward to be working with them to strengthen our Ingredient platforms. We are very pleased to announce this transaction and believe it will be value-enhancing to our Fragrance Compound business and will strengthen our portfolio of and leadership in Fragrance Ingredients. Now I would like to turn the call over to Hernan Vaisman, our Group President of Flavors.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Nicolas. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Flavors finished the year strong with another solid quarter of positive growth of 7%. This marks our 32nd consecutive quarter of local currency sales growth and our fourth consecutive year of growth in the range of 6% to 9%. Emerging markets, up double-digits, made the biggest contribution to our growth and accounted for 53% of total sales in the fourth quarter. This growth was led by Latin America, which I will discuss in a minute. Sales growth benefited both from a solid level of new business wins, as well as sales growth from existing businesses. This quarter, there was no material impact on our sales related to the exit of low-margin sales activities. Looking at our growth on a regional basis. Latin America had a strong double-digit growth of 19%; EAME grew by 13%; and Greater Asia, our largest region, increased by 9%. The growth from these regions more than offset a decline in North America of 8%, in part to strong new launches last year in Beverage and very challenging comparable of 15% like-for-like growth in Q4 2012. We are very pleased with our strong performance in Latin America this quarter, where we experienced new business wins in the Beverage and Sweet, primarily driven by our delivery systems, our proprietary FlavorFit portfolio of health and wellness solutions and new molecules from our Citrus platform. On a category basis, all our category experienced growth. Savory, Beverage and Sweet all experienced mid- to high-single digit growth, and Dairy, although not as high, was positive. We continue to work with all our customers to provide creative solutions that result in long-lasting business for IFF. Customers appreciate our creative expertise and ability to translate trends into winning products. Turning to the full year. Our local currency sales growth was 4%, and excluding the impact of the exit of low-margin sales activities, our full year growth was 6%. This year, we exited approximately $25 million of low-margin business, resulting in an improvement to our portfolio and a 40-basis-point impact to our margins. Emerging market had growth of approximately 9%, or nearly twice the level of the developed markets, which has solid growth of approximately 5%, excluding the exit of low-margin sales activities. The emerging markets made the biggest contribution to our 2013 growth, especially our customers in China, Indonesia, Argentina and Thailand. The contribution to growth in these markets validates our decision to build capacity in this important markets, which continue to provide a runway for growth for many years to come. Over the past year, we successfully opened a new state-of-the-art facility in Guangzhou, China. We continue to expand our facility in Gebze, Turkey, and announced a $50 million investment in the new manufacturing and creative facilities in Indonesia. This investment express the company's commitment to provide innovative product solutions and ensure rapid supply to our customers in this market. And we are committed to further expanding our strong presence and capabilities in emerging markets. That said, we believe the potential in the developed markets for Flavors is just as high, if not higher, than the emerging markets. We are working with our customers in these more mature markets to provide them with products that will appeal to their consumers, such as our expanded FlavorFit portfolio that provides innovative approaches to address the challenges of health and wellness trends. During the year, we experienced a consistent and strong level of new business wins, reflecting the strong level of innovation in the business. In order to train the next generation of Flavors, we also launched our Flavor School [ph]. Turning towards profitability. Flavors gross margins continued to expand due to the net impact of price versus input costs and other strategic initiatives. When combined with the volume gains this quarter, it resulted in 12% segment operating profit growth, or $8 million to $17 million. Our segment profit margin increased 130 basis points to 20.3%, up from 19% in the prior year quarter. Turning to the full year. The gross margin expansion was due to the positive impact on margin of the exit low-margin sales activities and the net impact of price to input costs, combined with other strategic initiatives to reduce costs. The increased gross margin more than offset increases related to R&D investment and higher incentive compensation expense related to our full year performance. On a full year, our segment profit margin was at an all-time high of 22.7%, up 110 basis points from 21.6 in the prior year. Our segment profit totaled $324 million versus $298 million in the prior year, or an increase of 9%. The improved segment profits reflect strong volume growth, combined with the product gross margin expansion, which more than offset investment in R&D and increase in incentive compensation expenses. In short, 2013 was a year of strong performance while we also put plans in place to strengthen the Flavors organization for the future. Looking ahead to the first quarter of 2014, we expect our local currency sales growth to be more moderate versus Q4 and more in line with our long-term targets. I would now like to turn the call over to Kevin Berryman, our CFO.
Kevin C. Berryman: Thank you, Hernan, and good morning, good afternoon, everyone, on a snowy New York day. Turning to the fourth quarter, I'd like to view some key metrics and provide you with perspective on the importance of each. Our local currency sales growth in the fourth quarter was 7%, following 8% growth in the fourth quarter of 2012. On our third quarter earnings call, you might recall we were more cautious in tone, given the challenging comparison to the fourth quarter of 2012 when we delivered 15% growth in Fragrance Compounds and 7% like-for-like growth in Flavors. This quarter's growth of 7%, on top of 10% like-for-like growth in the prior year, speaks to many important things about IFF, not the least of which is our ability to harness the power of our creative, sales and development teams to deliver products that customers value. The emerging markets continue to be a strong growth driver and it's important to maintain perspective on the strengths of these markets, given the growth in the consumer market and the strength of the demand for products, which are rapidly becoming part of their emerging, more consumer-oriented lifestyles. Our margins expanded an additional 160 basis points in the quarter, based on moderation in input costs, combined with the strength of our strategic initiatives. I will touch on this later, as we still face an overall headwind to our margins due to the strong inflationary environment we faced in 2011 and 2012. The margin expansion and volume gains resulted in adjusted operating profit growth of 13%, or $13 million, on top of 9% growth in the fourth quarter of 2012. Our adjusted EPS improves 11% this quarter on top of 11% growth in 2012. I've shown this slide before, and I think it's important because this shows our continued progress in capturing the growth in the emerging markets. A key component of our growth plan is to capture the benefits of the wealth creation that's occurring in the fast-growing emerging markets. The slide highlights our increasing strength in the emerging markets over the last 3 years. Our percentage of sales in the emerging markets has increased from 44% in Q1 2010 to 50% in the fourth quarter of 2013. We believe our index to the emerging markets is the highest in our industry and is reflected in our strong organic growth rates. Over the last 3 years, our compound annual growth rate in the emerging markets is nearly 9%, and we believe that the emerging market opportunity remains largely intact given the long-term trends of 1 billion-plus new consumers entering the market to purchase consumer packaged goods for the first time. Turning to the next slide, I have also shown this one before, which provides insight to our gross margin progression in light of historically high input cost increases. This slide demonstrates that even though we are seeing margin gains of 210 basis points in 2013, the net impact of historical rising input cost on our margins continues to be a headwind. If we look at the period full year 2010 to full year 2013, you will see the factors that are leading to the gross margin improvement between the 2 years. We chose the full year of 2010 since that is the last comparable full year period prior to the large increase in input costs that we saw and experienced in 2011 and 2012. Over the 3-year period, the net impact of pricing and input cost has been a negative 130 basis points on our gross margins, as evidenced by the red bar. As you know, we proactively worked with customers to implement pricing increases to reduce the strong pressure from these higher input costs and limit the inflationary pressure to the 130 basis points noted on the slide. However, the importance of the execution of our strategy, where we adopt numerous measures to improve our margins, including the exit of low-margin sales activities, cost-savings initiatives, innovation enhancements, manufacturing efficiencies and restructuring and other gross margin improvement efforts, cannot be overstated. These strategic improvements had a 340-basis-point improvement positive impact on our margins over the 3-year period, as shown by the green bar on the chart. This more than offset the negative 130-basis-point reduction from the net impact of input costs and pricing. Importantly, going forward into 2014, we are seeing some input costs increasing, which will require us to have selective and targeted discussions with some customers regarding price increases. Turning to our RSA costs. Our adjusted RSA, as a percent of sales, increased 70 basis points from 27.6% to 28.3% of sales. The higher RSA reflects additional incentive compensation provisions related to our strong performance in 2013 and other miscellaneous costs, including acquisition-related costs of Aromor. For the second year in a row, our strong performance in Q4 triggered higher incentive accruals to our AIP program, and as a result, we have higher provisions in Q4 2013 versus Q4 2012. Other incremental costs we incurred in the fourth quarter are related to nonstructural expenses that add approximately $5 million to $6 million to fourth quarter RSA costs. We also incurred higher R&D expenses this quarter, related to our investments in innovation. R&D increased 13% year-over-year and, as a percent of sales, increased to 9.7% of sales in the fourth quarter of 2013, up from 9.1% in the fourth quarter of 2012. If we're to exclude these non-structural costs and additional incentive compensation accruals from RSA, then our sales and administrative costs would have increased more in line with inflation, and this would have resulted in our RSA, as a percent of sales, falling versus the year-ago quarter. Again, we remain disciplined in our approach to spending, and going forward, cost discipline will be a continued focus while we strategically invest in research and development and other business development opportunities. A foreign currency translation this quarter had a minimal impact on our reported sales. The more limited volatility in the euro-dollar exchange rate, combined with hedging activities with the euro, has resulted in foreign currency impacts having an insignificant impact on our operating profit results. The operating impact on our full year results was also muted. For 2014, we are nearly 80% hedged against the euro at levels that approximate $1.32 per euro -- euro per dollar, effectively consistent with the average exchange rate levels for the full year 2013. At current rates, the operating impacts on our 2014 results is expected to continue to be benign. Given the recent volatility we have seen in some emerging market currencies, I would like to remind those on the call about our emerging market foreign currency profile. As you know, IFF sales into emerging markets are significant. Importantly, while 50% of our sales are through the emerging markets, a significant portion of these are not subject to foreign exchange risk to the extent that you might imagine. More specifically, much of our sales in the emerging markets are subject to commercial arrangements that significantly reduce the currency volatility on our results. Specifically, various commercial terms allow us to better align our foreign exchange exposure on sales with developed market currencies or harder currencies such as the euro or U.S. dollar. Therefore, as you can see in this chart, of the 50% of our sales that are to the emerging markets, approximately 2/3 are aligned with U.S. dollars or other hard currencies, leaving less than 1/3 that are fully exposed to local currency volatility. Turning to our cash flow. As you know, our business is very cash-generative, and we are pleased with our improved operating cash flow performance this year. For 2013, our operating cash flow was $408 million, or 13.8% of sales, versus $324 million, or 11.5%, of sales in 2012. There are some large items impacting our comparability that I would like to discuss. First, last year, we had a cash outflow of $105.5 million related to our Spanish income tax settlement for the 2004 to 2010 years. This outflow was included in our 2012 full year number; number two, in 2013, the company made $30 million of contributions to our qualified U.S. pension plans, or an incremental $15 million versus normal levels; and finally, number three, also in 2013, we made $33 million in payments related to Spanish tax assessments for the 2010 to -- excuse me, 2002 and 2011 tax years. If we exclude these items to make the year-over-year comparison more representative, then our cash flow would have improved from $430 million to $456 million, or an increase of 6%. Turning to our capital structure. We are making progress on our share buyback program. Through the end of the year, we repurchased approximately 656,000 shares at an average price of $78 per share. We spent approximately $51 million on this effort, meeting our expectations for the year. And given current market dynamics, we would expect to spend a minimum $75 million in share repurchases in 2014, effectively offsetting any share count pre-associated with option grants. Our current quarterly payment dividend of $0.39 per quarter based on our 2013 net income provides a payout ratio of approximately 35%. And this is versus a payout ratio of 30% associated with our previous quarterly dividend of $0.34, which we had at the beginning of the year. Per our normal process, our evaluation of an increase in our quarterly dividend level will be completed during the third quarter of this year. Turning to our long-term financial targets. These targets, as you know, provide our view on the expected growth of our business for 3 key metrics. Our targets call for 4% to 6% local currency sales growth, 7% to 9% adjusted operating profit growth and 10-plus percent adjusted EPS growth. I would like to benchmark our actual performance on a 5-year, 3-year and 1-year basis against these targets. First, looking at our local currency sales growth, our long-term targets call for growth of 4% to 6%. If we look at our 5-year compound annual growth rate, our local currency growth was 5%. On a 3-year basis, we experienced growth of 4%, and on a 1-year basis, our growth was 5%, reflecting our strong performance in 2013. It is also important to remember that on a like-for-like basis, our growth would have been 6% in 2013. We have met our local currency sales growth targets on a compounded 5-, 3-, and 1-year basis. And importantly, our growth from new wins in 2013 was at a 5-year high, which is a good foundation of that growth that we saw this past year. Turning to our adjusted operating profit growth. Our long-term growth targets call for adjusted operating profit growth of 7% to 9%. On a 5-year basis, our compound annual growth rate was 8%. On a 3-year basis, it was 8%. And looking at our 1-year growth, we achieved adjusted operating profit growth of 11% in 2013. Consistent with our performance against our local currency sales growth target, we have met our adjusted OP growth targets on a compounded 5-, 3- and 1-year basis. For 2013, there was a clear acceleration in our profit growth. Finally, turning to our adjusted EPS growth targets. On a 5-year basis, we achieved a compound annual growth rate of 10%. On a 3-year basis, it was also 10%. And for the full year 2013, we achieved growth of 12%. And again, we have met our adjusted EPS growth targets on a compounded 5-, 3- and 1-year basis. Importantly, we have met all of these objectives while remaining committed to our investment in innovation with R&D expenses nearing 9% for the full year 2013 and 9.7% in the fourth quarter. Let me now turn it over to Doug to provide some comments regarding our 2014 outlook.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Kevin, Hernan and Nicolas for the remarks on the company's performance. 2013 was a very exciting year for us as we continued to execute on our 3-pillar strategy while investing in the future growth and profitability of the company. We are pleased with the momentum on both sides of the business and believe that we are well positioned for growth due to the many steps we have taken to augment our profitability and strengthen the company. We are expecting continued success in 2014. We have the right teams in place to continue to provide customers with superior customized products that deliver improved performance to their consumers. We expect to deliver local currency growth in the range of 5% to 7%, reflecting the addition of Aromor, continued new business wins and volume growth in the faster growing and more mature markets. This includes our organic growth rate range of 4% to 6% with an additional point of growth associated with our acquisition of Aromor. We also expect to see strong levels of adjusted profit and earnings per share growth in 2014 as our business continues to see top line and operating momentum and we benefit from the reset of our expected incentive-based compensation expense to a 100% target level in 2014. As a result, operating profit growth is expected to be up double digits with EPS seeing commensurate strong improvement. Regarding our first quarter of 2014, as Nicolas and Hernan pointed out, we expect more moderate -- modest top line growth in Q1 following a strong Q4 and, hence, performance more aligned with our long-term growth rates in Q1. Regarding EPS, we expect a muted level of growth through the absence of the R&D tax credit in 2014, which was reinstated in Q1 2013. Regardless of these impacts in Q1, we believe our full year outlook is achievable. I thought I would wrap up with a brief summary of our investment theses. We partner with the world's leading global consumer companies. Our flavors and fragrances are the key component in the world's finest perfumes and best known consumer brands and are often the key reason behind a consumer's purchase decision. Yet our products only contribute 1% to 4% of the overall cost of a finished product, creating a great value proposition for our customers. We are geographically diversified. Our focus on the fast-growing emerging markets is not new. We have had footholds in many of the developing markets, such as India, for more than 50 years. As our customers in the emerging markets grow their businesses, they have the ability to leverage our long-standing presence and our extensive market knowledge to help drive growth in their brands. The company generates healthy cash flows, which allow us to reinvest back into the business as we strive to reallocate resources towards higher return activities while still maintaining financial flexibility and returning capital to shareholders. Lastly, we have an experienced and a talented employee base whose dedication and commitment drive the company forward in line with their strategic plans. In conclusion, we are very well positioned in the market for continued success. Our investments in Asia and EAME are proceeding as planned and are vital to sustaining our long-term growth and delivering the best service to our customers. Our strong growth reflects the ability of our people to collaborate effectively and leverage our R&D, creative offering and geographic footprint to create solutions for our customers. And finally, we were able to achieve all of this through the strengths of our business model and the expertise of our people. This year, we are celebrating our 125th anniversary at IFF. Our employees continue to drive our success by creating exceptional products and providing superior service. We share this milestone with our customers, our partners and our shareholders. I thank you for your participation this morning. I will now open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Mark Astrachan from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about the split between pricing mix or contribution from pricing mix in the fourth quarter, and then also get a sense of expectations for contribution in 2014 to input costs. I hear what you said. I know one of your largest competitors they talk about also seeing or having some expectations for pricing. So maybe just give us a bit of -- a sense of how that worked out in 2014, and then just what the housekeeping numbers were in third -- '14 -- '13.
Kevin C. Berryman: Mark, this is Kevin. I'll take a stab. I will tell you that pricing in 2013 was muted, certainly in the back half of the year especially. So you can consider that the growth dynamic associated with Q3 and Q4 was largely a result of our strong new wins. You heard the mention that our 2013 year, as it relates to growth from new wins, was a record. So very, very strong level of performance in 2013. For 2014, we are seeing selective areas where input costs are increasing, and we would expect to have targeted and selective discussions with customers to have pricing, but we don't see that as being a material dynamic in the overall kind of picture for our growth in 2014. Overall, we don't see a significant acceleration in our input costs, but we see -- are seeing some specific ones that we're going to need to take some pricing actions on.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just one follow-up. Nonstructural expenses in RSA, what are those? And what was -- or how should we think about that going forward?
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, we specifically called it out, Mark, because we don't expect that those are going to be seen to ultimately recur on an ongoing basis. But effectively, we have some costs associated with our acquisition of Aromor. That's clearly in the Q4 numbers. We had some legal project costs. We had some tax costs that we incurred relative to our emerging market presences. So if you look at those kind of items that -- well, making up the bulk of those, clearly the call-out is to suggest that we shouldn't necessarily see those levels of expenses going forward in Q4 2014.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So just to be clear, so that is in the adjusted numbers in the fourth quarter then?
Kevin C. Berryman: Yes, it is.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted to know if you guys can, one, give us any news that you're at or ahead of schedule on all of your partnerships. Do you have an update on Evolva and vanilla -- vanillin being available to your flavorists and when that starts to impact flavor business trends. And then also just on Aromor, Nicolas, you talked a little bit more about sort of existing portfolio and why it was interesting but didn't really mention much the -- anything specific or -- maybe to put in layman's terms to the R&D capabilities that, that business brings in? But I think there were some things in the press release or whatever you got on Aromor so far that suggests there's something a little bit more interesting there, and I'd love to hear your perspective on that.
Hernan Vaisman: It's Hernan here. Regarding the natural vanillin, as I mentioned in the previous call, I mean, we just finish this quarter, in fact in January 1, is scaled up. It was successful. Now the next step is to get these materials throughout all the creation centers in the world in order to get the flavorist, application teams familiar with it. And we plan to start going to present to customers and show it in the markets in the second part of the year. So we expect to get the first, I mean, revenues coming from these initiatives by the end of this year.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It's Nicolas. Regarding Aromor, without going into the specific, well, the key takeaway is that first of all, in terms of capabilities, they have complementary capabilities to ours. And therefore, our ability to develop new molecule is strengthened when you put our team and their team, number one. The number two is it's a complementary portfolio. There is no overlap in our portfolio of ingredients. So it's very incremental to us, both for our external sales of ingredient, but, most importantly, they are really critical ingredients I -- in fact specialty ingredients for perfumers to use in their creation. We know these ingredients very well because we are the -- a partner to Aromor for a very long time. So our perfumers know these ingredients very well and can use them rapidly at a higher level in their new creations moving forward.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a bigger question on R&D spending. Is it -- is this the right way to think about it? I know there's obviously a payback as you spend. But just curious, do you think there's sort of a mass level where you'd want to be spending as a percentage of sales? Or is it just as long as gross margins are expanding from some of your productivity and mix initiatives, that we just should always think about money going back into R&D just as we'd see your customers always spending back into their advertising budget. Is that sort of the right way to think about the financial model long term?
Douglas D. Tough: Lauren, I think it's partly right. I mean, I think the analogy to investing in your business with advertising is a good one. We've certainly been over 8%, but I don't think it's as simple as just will it expand gross margin. There's a pretty disciplined approach within both the business units in concert with R&D and another units in the company that takes a look at the size of the price, the likelihood of getting the margin, the cost and use, the likelihood of regulatory approval, the time required and so on. So there are a number of factors that go into it. Now we evaluate all the projects that are on the docket with a view to which ones we think we can fund. And I'll have to say that where we are now in the disciplined approach that's really been brought to bear by a number of constituents in the company helps us understand where we think there's a really good return. So I'm very happy with where we are at our investment level. Clearly, if we have the opportunity to enhance that, we can do so. But the projects all go through a pretty disciplined rigor to be approved, and so we're not -- we're certainly not underspending but, frankly, nor do I see us overspending at this point. And we have quarterly reviews which document the probability, likelihood and the expected returns we're going to get.
Kevin C. Berryman: Lauren, just one additional comment.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes.
Kevin C. Berryman: This is Kevin. We did have an accelerated milestone payment for Amyris in the fourth quarter. So that bumped up the fourth quarter numbers specifically higher than what would probably be determined to be kind of an ongoing level. So you should be aware of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Sison from KeyBanc Capital.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: You did a nice job generating good margin expansion in the strategic initiatives. Clearly, you're going to have some momentum in 2014. Can you just help us maybe get a feel of how much improvement you can see next year? And what are the areas that will drive that?
Kevin C. Berryman: I think if you go back -- let's start from the foundation of what our 3-pillar strategy is. And obviously, the footprint, the -- leveraging the geographic footprint, strengthening our innovation and managing the portfolio are all our -- are opportunities that will allow us to continue to hopefully drive our gross margin progress going forward. So it's part of our strategic vision that, that happens. Having said all of that, Mike, we saw some great advancements in 2013. We would not expect to have that same level of improvement in 2014. So I think we're going to be looking at a more normalized level of gross margin improvement in 2014. And of course, that will require us to take some pricing actions into those specific areas where we're seeing some acceleration in input costs for our respective businesses. And I think that at the end of the day, there's an inherent dynamic relative to the innovation that the teams are bringing to their portfolios, which should afford us gross margin enhancement over the long haul. And so that's a critical part of our strategy. We still think that, that strategic pillar is well in place, and that is our intent, to try and drive that. But it will be at levels that are less robust in 2014 than in 2013 in terms of level of improvement.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Doug, you talked about your return on capital being at very industry level -- industry high levels. That's certainly a great level to be at. But is there a way to deploy that capital a little bit more aggressively to maybe enhance growth? Or you start to get worried when your returns are too high, right, in terms of being able to generate growth. Any thoughts there and maybe using your balance sheet more aggressively, too, to add more growth to the company?
Douglas D. Tough: Certainly, Mike. We look at a number of ways that we might be able to attack that issue. And we publicly stated certainly that the focus will be on continued growth and investment. But certainly, the balance sheet and the opportunities for capital, we look at M&A-type opportunities. We've done a small recent deal with Aromor. The company's aspirations would be greater than that, but they will also be well disciplined in the context of the financial rigor that M&A has to bring. Certainly, other capital issues, whether they're buybacks and so on, we've done small ones. But I'd say the overall earning objective here is how can we get growth, that profitable growth. So we hope we have more M&A opportunities ahead of us, and -- that would be deploying the capital.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jeffrey Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Of the 5.8% sales growth that you reported in 2013, was more than half of that mix or price mix?
Kevin C. Berryman: No. In 2013, no.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes.
Kevin C. Berryman: It was largely associated with new wins associated with the efforts by the BUs in driving innovation into the portfolio. So it's largely volume related. Now some of that is mix because you might have innovation that brings mix benefits to it. But we don't break that out necessarily separately. So think about it as volume-mix driven.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right, because the puzzle is your cost of goods sold went up $15 million or less than 1%. And if your volume on a ratable basis, maybe your cost of goods sold was flat, raw materials would have gone up, I don't know, $65 million. And even with cost initiatives, it seems difficult to pull that much out. So there must be a very large mix benefit in 2013. Is that right or no? Or why is the growth in cost of goods sold so slow?
Kevin C. Berryman: I think there's a variety of factors that are driving that. Certainly, the strategic initiatives that we talk about a lot, Jeff, are a driver to that. And if you think about the exit of the low-margin Flavors activity, that's worth probably 80-plus basis points to Flavors, 40-plus basis points to the company over that period of time. You have the mix benefits of our innovation coming out of that higher margin levels. We did -- we're able to realize a moderating level of input costs. All of those things add up to something that looks very attractive from a margin progressive. And we think that the thesis underlying that strategic kind of plank of innovation and margin enhancement is certainly going to play forward as well. There was also, and I would say this especially in Fragrance in 2013, a lot of productivity enhancements as well, which related to our ability to drive a reduction in ingredients that support those new opportunities of wins. As well, you know that Nicolas and his team have done some restructuring efforts over time to ultimately drive incremental margins as well. So a broad array of efforts, and it will always continue to be a broad array of efforts because we need to be efficient, productive and innovative in terms of driving the business going forward.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. And then lastly, your Latin American results were very, very strong for the second successive year, and I imagine that, that's largely Brazil, Argentina and Mexico. Were there differences in the growth rates in those 3 countries? Or were they smoother? And in general, for many companies, the North American growth, with the growth in the economy, is really the strongest element. But for you, especially in South America, you've grown especially well with very, very weak economies. Can you talk about that feature?
Hernan Vaisman: Okay, I'll take a stab, and it's Hernan here. You're right. I see the type of situation when you read the newspapers on the real economy there, that they are really -- almost all economies except Mexico and Brazil [ph], mainly, Argentina and Brazil. And really, we're performing really, really well, and this is basically from what I mentioned before, the high level of new wins that they have there in this area. In some countries, for example, you can think that Argentina we will never grow and there's a bit of pressure on this country, well, our growth is more on the 20%. And this is really coming from the new wins. So we -- usually, you can say that the economies and the growth of our business should be somewhere correlated. But we stated that the correlation will be a big difference between whether the country will grow and when you're winning by yourself. Organically, actually, we're not growing, but our new wins there should accelerate the growth in that region. And your question is almost in all countries, in Mexico, Brazil and Argentina.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It's Nicolas here. Very similar to what Hernan was saying, we -- well, we've been saying that first of all, emerging markets, especially in Latin America, is that -- where we had a leading position for many decades already. So it speaks to not only the strengths of our portfolio, the strengths of the relationship, very high market share, very, very strong consumer insight and really understanding what is driving consumer preference. So we engage on a position of strength and knowledge and expertise, which is augmented by our innovation pipeline. And the growth was really driven by new wins. So very, very strong growth for the portfolio and a very strong growth last year. Yes, the economy is where we're seeing some signs. We have to monitor the situation. But at least the pipeline of introduction for the Q4 was very strong, and we will have to keep monitoring as the situation progress. And as far as countries are concerned, very, very strong growth in Brazil and Mexico, Argentina and Colombia, really driving the growth in Latin America.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rohini Nair from Deutsche Bank.
Rohini Nair - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I just wanted to touch on Fragrances. And I'm wondering whether you can give us a bit more color around what you're seeing there. Functional seems to be doing pretty well uniformly across your markets. Fine fragrance growth also good but maybe limited to certain regions. So if you could address those dynamics. And then along with that, do you have a sense that you may be benefiting from new product wins maybe more so than your competitors?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It's Nicolas here. First of all, I would like to provide a perspective. There's 2 components to take into account. First, comp versus last year. So if you take here North America [indiscernible] minus 6, but it was on the heel of plus 17%, which was significant growth and far higher than what the market was experiencing. So I think that the comp is playing an element. And then if you look at our growth of 24% in the EAME, one thing that is important to take into consideration is a large majority of our customers, while European based, are manufacturing in Europe for the rest of the world. So probably definitely, as we know, part of the 27% growth in Europe, which is far above the market growth, is also then being exported to the U.S., but we cannot record it as U.S.-based sales. So it's difficult for us to track. But definitely, the 24% in Europe were from very strong -- new wins, a pipeline that are shipped in different parts of the world. And then there are things about Latin America. Minus 1. I just would like to remind everyone that last year, in Q4, we grew 59%, which is also very far in excess of what the market was going. So if you look at the 2-year average, it's still a double-digit growth and above the market growth.
Rohini Nair - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's great. And just to follow up on that, if we think about profitability on the Fragrance side, it seems that with the increased specialization you're getting from Aromor, your ingredients rationalization, you have good opportunity for improvement over time. So I just want to get a sense of how you may be thinking about those margins longer term, whether we might eventually see those margins approaching the level of Flavors at some point.
Kevin C. Berryman: It's Kevin. I'll take a crack at that. Look, I think that certainly, both of our business units are very strongly economically profitable, and both represent fantastic growth opportunities. We do think that there were some significant opportunities to enhance economic profit within the context of the Fragrance business. And you can see, given their margin profile, well, some of that improvement is coming to light. Whether or not we openly get to a level where those 2 businesses are equal in terms of margins, we don't think about it that way necessarily, but we do believe they both represent very, very strong opportunities to have profitable growth. And specifically, because of the things you called out in your question, there are some things which will afford us perhaps an ability to further reduce the difference between the 2 margin profiles of the business units. And of course, depending upon, at the end of the day, our ability to drive innovation into our portfolios, that will ultimately determine where we fall out in terms of margin profiles in my mind.
Douglas D. Tough: And certainly, Aromor brings us strength with the opportunity to use those molecules. You can see, we're, using more of them in order to win new businesses will give us perhaps long-term margin improvement, not necessarily short term. But I'd echo what Kevin said, both businesses are attractive. But while we look at the comparisons to each, the real comparison needs to be within the BU and the comparisons to their competitors and what we need to do to win against competitors, not to win against each other. But both are attractive, and we pointed that out both at the Investor Day and in the overall financial results.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonathan Feeney with Janney.
Jonathan P. Feeney - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask specifically, just having gotten off a few of the CPG calls, specifically as it relates to Flavors, do you -- or is there any concern about in -- a slowdown in developing markets affecting innovation plans? And I know you made some comments about this, but just more detailed specifically about how specific customers, like Monde at least, talked about a little bit less spending in emerging market this year. If you had a customer that was in that situation, how does that affect your business? On what kind of lag? And are you seeing any kind of that activity right now even upstream from what you might be feeling directly at the revenue line?
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you for the question. I just came -- it's Hernan here. I just came from Asia, and it's been a long trip there. And as I was mentioning last call, we saw some slowdown in India. I mean, definitely, the economic situation is impacting the overall of the business. But I just came and I -- even now, the sentiment is, in some ways, different. I mean, they see may see some, they say, light at the end of the tunnel by the second [ph]. So our real concern in the third and fourth quarter was India. We see some improvement. Having said all that, I mean, the incentive is clear. I mean, the pace of growth that they used to have, I mean, the developing markets in Asia, the one we're focusing, is different. I mean, when we talk about 2 or 3 years ago, the growth was almost in the double digits, and now you're talking in China 10%, India 6%. So there is a kind of slowdown there. Having said that, the potential is huge. I mean, we've got so many consumers, they -- buying and getting the new cars. So the [indiscernible] the timing [indiscernible]. How it's impacting, I mean, the customers, yes, in some customers that's really impacting in those markets. But again, I mean, we are not only working with one customer, we are working with many customers in one of these markets. And as I mentioned before, domestically [ph], it has a perfect correlation between a customer, between countries and our, I mean, growth. If we are really putting effort there, as what we are doing, a lot of investments, they are really creating good products, that they are really gaining the consumer preference. We can have -- even though it's kind of a lower base in growth [ph], we can have the possibility to grow faster than even of many of the customers in the countries. So in short, the pace of growth in emerging markets is down, but we have the fundamentals in place really to keep on outperforming the market growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Yang from Oppenheimer & Co.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just following along the other questions on emerging markets and your ability so far to decouple from some of these more troubled economies, are there any sort of canaries in the coal mine or leading indicators that you would look to, to let you know that trouble is coming down the pipe?
Douglas D. Tough: Well, I mean, I guess the comments we get from customers, the customer interaction we have is ongoing across both sides of the business. I think the one thing that -- there is what we would call defensive and offensive briefs. And the opportunities to go forward to customers with a view to understanding their portfolio and providing solutions to them and recommendations on innovation has really been well received on a number of the globals. So the leading indicators, the way you've called them, can be some softness, which Hernan has just touched upon. But the way we have to deal with that is our customers are still looking for innovation and the opportunities for innovation. And we've ramped up our game, continued to do so. So not withstanding there may be some slowing down, we've been able to counteract some of that through proactive activities. And that would continue to be the thrust that we would do.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, and thanks for that color, Doug. Kevin talked about how although you have half your sales from emerging markets, only about 1/3 of that half is non-dollar or non-euro denominated. Do you have any plans to hedge out that remaining exposure? And in markets like Indonesia or Argentina or you hear nowadays about Venezuela having some -- putting into effect some capital controls and your ability to repatriate that cash, when you do have sales in the local markets, how frequently do you bring that cash back? Or do you wiggle in those markets?
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, to a large extent, Ed, that's -- that was a mouthful of a question because as you know, it's a complex area. But I will tell you that certainly, in general, we have a belief that we'll continue to reinvest back into the emerging markets. And so to a certain extent, there is an ability for us to use that cash by reinvesting back into the businesses. And that's good for us. That's good for our customers. That's good for their consumers ultimately. Having said that, we do need cash back in the U.S., and we look at all available means to provide opportunities to bring that back to help fund our needs on debt service, share buybacks, dividends, whatever the case may be. So we have very proactive discussions ongoing with our teams around the globe, and the treasury group does a very, very nice job of working out with our teams to facilitate our ability to get the cash where we need it and when we want it. There are challenges. Clearly, Argentina is one. There are others that I would call out, which are bigger challenges actually just because of the magnitude of it. But at the end of the day, some of our FX structures that we have in place and its ability to match our costs with our -- with the more harder currencies is a benefit to us probably versus many of our competitors and/or customers.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on reinvestment, just finally, you talked about R&D spend. What's your expectation for CapEx for this year?
Kevin C. Berryman: We've continued to say that we're in the neighborhood of 4.5% to 5% probably until the year 2016 when we will probably start to trend down to, let's call it, a lower level, more consistent with history.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman from Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It was just a quick clarification. Hernan, when you talked about the growth rate you were seeing in Argentina north of 20% and that's attributable to new wins, I just want to be very clear that, that does not include any kind of inflationary -- material inflationary pricing.
Hernan Vaisman: You're correct, this is through dollars. It's not including any kind of inflationary impact.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions.
Douglas D. Tough: Well, thank you all for your participation. I think this morning, you got a sense of the -- how IFF needs to operate and the diversity of the business, whether it's the 2 business units, the regions, the categories. But managing that diversity, we think, leads to our success. We look forward to talking with you in early May for the Q1 results. Thanks for your participation.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelley Young - Director of Investor Relations Douglas D. Tough - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President of Fragrances Hernan Vaisman - Group President of Flavors Kevin C. Berryman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce Shelley Young, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Shelley Young: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to IFF third quarter 2013 conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our third quarter 2013 financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our website at iff.com. Please note this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay for up to 1 year on our website. Before turning the call over to our senior management team, I'd like to read our forward-looking statements. Please keep in mind that during the call we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to the third quarter and our outlook for the balance of the year. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our risk factors contained in our 2012 10-K filed on February 26, 2013, and our press release that we filed this morning, all of which are available on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued earlier today and on our website. With me this morning are Doug Tough, our Chairman and CEO; Kevin Berryman, our CFO; Nicolas Mirzayantz, our Group President, Fragrances; and Hernan Vaisman, our Group President, Flavors. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Doug Tough.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Shelley. In the third quarter, we achieved strong momentum in many areas of the business, propelled by new wins in both business units and continued execution of our 3-pillar strategy. We are pleased with both our top line and bottom line growth momentum. We delivered local currency sales growth of 4% for the consolidated company, reflecting 5% growth in Fragrances and 3% growth in Flavors. Both business units benefit from a high, continued level of new wins which are meaningful since they continue to be based on our proprietary technology, the strength of our creation capabilities and our deep understanding of consumer tastes and preferences. Our overall performance was led by 8% growth in the emerging markets. For the first half of 2013, the emerging markets grew at 9.5%. Emerging market growth remains quite high and is more than twice the level of the developed markets. The BRIC countries grew at 9% this quarter, and we also had strong growth in Indonesia, Mexico, Turkey and Singapore. We continue to believe that our emerging market growth strategy is robust since it is based on providing Fragrance and Flavors to markets where consumer demand and engagement is growing based on increases in disposable income. This quarter, we also had strong growth in the more mature markets of Western Europe, including France, Spain and Germany. We are very encouraged by the progress we are making in growing all aspects of our portfolio. As you may know, we are not dependent on any one product, country or category for our growth. It is this diversity which provides us with more stability and enables us to achieve ongoing growth. To provide greater perspective on the top line, we entered the quarter knowing that we faced a more challenging comparison to the prior year. As you may recall in 2012, our local currency sales growth improved meaningfully throughout the year, from 3% in the first half the year to 8.5% in the second half the year. In the quarter, third quarter of 2012, our growth was 7%. Our 4% growth for this year on a 2-year stack basis equates to an average growth of 6%, which is in the range of growth projections for the business. We are also pleased with the momentum we achieved in the bottom line. The volume gains combined with a stable raw material cost environment resulted in continued expansion in our gross profit margins of 170 basis points over prior year quarter to 44.2%. And we're able to hold our gross margins steady with the second quarter of 2013. As planned, we reinvested some of this profitability into our R&D platforms so that we can strengthen our foundation for growth in the short term, medium term and longer term. Our adjusted gross margin expansion more than offset the increased research expense of this quarter, including a performance milestone to our biotechnology partner, Amyris, and resulted in operating profit growth of 7%. We also achieved below-the-line leverage in other income and expenses due to a reversal of the foreign exchange losses on working capital that we had experienced last quarter. As a result, our adjusted earnings per share increased 13% over the prior-year quarter. On a year-to-date basis, our performance is in line with our long-term targets for the business of 4% to 6% top line growth, 7% to 9% operating profit growth and 10%-plus earnings per share growth. For the first 3 quarters, like-for-like local currency sales growth was 6% and was made up of 6% like-for-like growth for Flavors and 5% growth for Fragrances. This growth was propelled by our emerging market strategy as well as our strong level of new wins. This marks the sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year improvements in our profitability and metrics. We believe this reflects the strength of our strategies as executed by our global teams and their ability to execute in the marketplace. Year-to-date gross margins are up 210 basis points over prior year, reflecting the success of our strategic improvement initiatives in enhancing our gross margin profile combined with a benign raw material cost environment. Our adjusted operating profit increased 10%, and at the same time, we were able to invest 8.5% of our sales in R&D. On a year-to-date basis, our earnings per share increased 13%. And given our performance to date and the expected performance in the fourth quarter, we expect to deliver on our long-term targets for 2013. I would now like to turn the call over to Nicolas Mirzayantz, our Group President, Fragrances.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Doug. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. This quarter the Fragrance business unit delivered local currency sales growth of 5%, supported by continued high level of new wins as well as continued strong growth in the emerging markets. Looking at our Fragrance compound business, we delivered local currency growth of 7%, continuing the momentum we saw in the first half of the year. We are very proud of our strong level of new wins which have been at a consistently high level every quarter this year. We have been trending significantly above levels we achieved last year, and the growth we are realizing from our new wins in the first 3 quarters of the year are the highest we have ever experienced since the first quarter of 2011. This quarter the emerging markets contributed over 70% of the growth in Fragrance Compounds, with double-digit growth in Greater Asia and Latin America. We also achieved strong growth in the developed markets of Asia, including Japan; and Western Europe, including first and foremost, France, where we won a lot of new business this quarter. We also had strong growth in Great Britain. In Fragrance Ingredients, we are beginning to see signs of stability, reflecting many of the strategic decisions we have made over the past year. This quarter Fragrance Ingredients had flat year-over-year local currency growth with a majority of the product families reporting increased volume. This is an achievement in light of the migration of volume from Fragrance Ingredients to Fragrance Compound this quarter as mentioned on our last call. Just to give you a better perspective for the progress we are making, if this volume are not shifted to our Fragrance Compounds business, the Ingredient business will have shown 4% growth. We believe we will see more stability going forward. While we do not expect it to be a straight-line trajectory, we believe the overall trend is more stable. Turning to Fine Fragrance & Beauty Care. We delivered growth of 5% in this category, which reflect double-digit growth in 3 out of 4 regions. Latin America achieved double-digit growth led by high growth in Hair Care and Fine Fragrance, reflecting strong win performance. Greater Asia also achieved double-digit growth, reflecting strength in Hair Care due to strong new wins from global accounts. 10% local currency growth in our EAME region reflects strong growth across the region with strong new wins in Fine Fragrance and Hair Care. In North America, we had double-digit growth in Hair Care, which was offset by a decline in Fine Fragrance as there were no major new launches in the quarter combined with a tougher comparison to 12% growth in the prior year. In our Functional Fragrance categories, overall local currency sales growth of 8% was led by double-digit volume growth in Fabric Care and Home Care. Fabric Care had double-digit growth in 3 out of the 4 regions. From a geographic perspective, growth was led by double-digit growth in Greater Asia and Latin America. The growth in Greater Asia and Latin America was led by volume gain in Fabric Care due to the traction we are gaining with key regional customers due to new wins in liquid and powder detergents driven by our deep understanding of local consumers and supported by our expertise in encapsulation technologies. North America had also solid growth of 7% in Functional Fragrances due to very strong momentum in Home Care based on important new wins and migration of some volume from Fragrance Ingredients to Functional Fragrance. In EAME, growth was flat in Functional Fragrances. Our double-digit growth in Fabric Care, fueled by the success of our customers' products in the market as well as new wins, was offset by declines in Personal Wash and Home Care due to volume erosion this quarter, which we believe to be temporary. Looking at our performance for the first 9 months of the year, the Fragrance business unit had growth of 5%, with 8% growth in Fragrance Compound. Fine Fragrance and Beauty Care grew by 7% for the first 9 months, led by double-digit growth in Latin America and strong performance in Greater Asia and EAME. Functional Fragrance increased 8% year-to-date due to very strong growth in the emerging markets. Turning to our financial results. We are pleased with the performance this quarter. The solid 5% local currency sales growth reflects growth in both our Compounds category, Fine & Beauty Care and Functional Fragrance. All of our categories are supported by our emerging market's presence, which had growth of 11%. The solid top-line growth in our Compounds business supported continued margin expansion. The improved profitability reflects moderating input costs as well as continued focus on our multiyear restructuring program to improve efficiencies and speed to market. At the same time, we were able to keep our RSA costs as a percentage of sales constant while making investments in R&D. This included a performance milestone payment to our biotechnology partner Amyris for the progress they are making in creating sustainable, cost-effective ingredients for us. As a result of the margin expansion combined with cost discipline, our operating profit increased 24% or $16 million, and our profit margin expanded by 300 basis points. Also, we have been reporting that we are now in a more benign input cost environment. The net impact of the input cost increased we have seen over the past couple of years continues to be a pressure point on our gross margins versus historical levels. For the Fragrance business, we are still facing headwinds regarding the net impact of price increases and input cost increase on our gross margin. It will take time and additional efforts to get to the point where the needed impact on our margin is breakeven. Kevin will talk more about it during his remarks. On a year-to-date basis, our segment profit is up 20% over the prior-year period. For the first 9 months of 2013, Fragrance segment profit is $222 million, which is a gain of $37 million over the prior year. Our segment margins on a year-to-date basis are 19.3% or an increase of 230 basis points compared to the prior segment margins. These gains are due to volume growth combined with margin expansion and ongoing cost discipline. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we're entering a more challenging quarter compared with the prior year quarter when, as a reminder, we delivered growth of 15% in Fragrance Compounds and 6% in Ingredients. In the fourth quarter of 2013, we expect to see continued momentum in our Fine Beauty Care and Functional Fragrance category, offset in part by a decline in Ingredients due to the continued migration of some volume from Fragrance Ingredients to Functional Fragrances. In total, we expect the fourth quarter to deliver continued momentum which would be somewhat muted by the strong comparables to the prior year. I would like now to turn the call over to Hernan Vaisman, our Group President, Flavors.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Nicolas; and good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. This quarter our local currency sales grew by 3%. Although we were disappointed by the lower level of growth this quarter, which we considered to be temporary, we believe that our overall momentum remains intact and that growth will improve next quarter and be more in line with historical growth patterns. We said last quarter that we were substantially completed with the exit of low-margin sales activities. There was a small piece of volume from low-margin sales activities that were exited in the third quarter of 2012. And if we excluded this activity from the prior year's result, then the like-for-like growth for Flavors was 4% this quarter. This marks the 31st quarter of consecutive local currency sales growth for Flavors. Our local currency sales growth was driven by strong level of new wins and continued growth in the emerging markets. Looking at our new win rate this quarter, we continue to innovate on behalf of our customers to offer them solutions that address consumer demand for products with reduced sugar and salt while still providing them with preferred taste profiles and to provide them with authentic citrus flavorings that enhance customer's Beverage offerings. We continue to win new businesses based on these innovations. This quarter the strong level of new wins, which was in line with its historical levels, was offset by a higher level of erosion on existing business. Turning to emerging markets, they continue to be a growth driver for us. Although they did not grow at the robust level we have seen in the past, they continue to deliver growth that are propelling our business forward. We experience strong underlying growth in emerging market countries, including Indonesia, Thailand, Russia, Brazil and Mexico. Turning to the regions. We achieved positive growth in every region. In North America, we delivered growth of 1%. While this was a disappointment, especially when compared to the high single-digit growth we achieved in the prior year, we delivered continued strong results in Beverage and Savory. The strong growth we achieved in Beverage from a citrus platform and Savory on account of our Flavors modifiers was offset by declines in Beverage this quarter. In addition, although we are not longer reporting the impact of like-for-like volume, there was a small piece of Sweet business in the last year's numbers which distorted our results. Readjusted both years, the exit of these low-margin sales activity growth in North America would have been 4%. In our EAME region, local currency sales growth of 3% was led by strong growth in Sweet, Beverage and Savory. That said, this quarter we achieved solid growth in Central, South and Eastern Europe and throughout the Middle East and Africa. In Latin America, local currency sales grew 7%. We continued to grow our market share due to strong momentum in Beverages, which dropped high single-digit growth in the region. This strong performance was partially offset by high single-digit declines in Sweet. On a country level, Brazil, our largest Latin America market, had a strong growth, followed by Argentina and Mexico. Our largest region, Greater Asia, continues to perform well, even though it compares to 9% growth in the prior year quarter. Looking at our end-use categories, Greater Asia had 4% local currency sales growth on a mid single-digit growth in Savory, Sweet and Beverage, driven by new win performance. The best performing country within our Greater Asia region in term of the dollar growth was Indonesia, with double-digit growth this quarter. However, we are seeing lower growth in India, where the economic environment is impacting our customers. As you know, we substantially completed the exit of low-margin sales activities last quarter. This effort took more than 6 quarters to complete, but it enable us, using the tools of economic profit, to focus on our energies on research against those categories that are most advantaged while working with our customers to fix those sales activities which were not providing us with an adequate margin. As a result, we estimate that our margins have improved by 90 basis points due to these changes we have made to our portfolio. Turning now to profitability. We delivered strong performance again this quarter, owing to our ability to provide innovative [indiscernible] solution to our customers and help them to grow their market share with new products that appeal to the targeted consumers. The local currency growth of 3% when combined with a net impact of moderated input costs and pricing delivered enhanced margins, which was somewhat offset by R&D spending and investment in the regions. Flavors' third quarter segment profit increased 7% or $5 million to $81 million, and the profit margins improved 80 points to 23.2%. On a year-to-date basis, Flavors' like-for-like growth is 6%. Our order book indicates that we have started the fourth quarter with strong growth. Looking ahead, we expect to see increased momentum in the fourth quarter, propelled by growth in emerging markets. We expect that our focus on controlling costs should allow us to sustain momentum and finish 2013 with a strong operational performance. In closing, the investment we are making in Greater Asia region will put us in a strong position to support regional growth. The liquid flavors and fragrance plant we built in Jurong, Singapore, is now fully operational. By the end of the year, our facility in Guangzhou, China, will be fully operational as well. And we plan to have a new state-of-the-art, creative facility in Jakarta, Indonesia, to better serve our customers in the region. Now I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Berryman, our CFO.
Kevin C. Berryman: Thank you, Hernan. And good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Again, turning to our third quarter 2013 financial results, I would like to provide some additional insight into the trends that we are seeing in our business. Third quarter revenue totaled $742.3 million, an increase of 5% from the prior-year period. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, local currency sales increased 4%. Although the exit of low-margin sales activities were substantially completed in the second quarter of 2012, as Hernan earlier indicated, there remains some minor levels of sales for these activities in the third quarter of last year. As a result, if we adjust our results for these sales activities, our consolidated growth would've been 5% on a like-for-like basis, which puts us right in the middle of our long-term growth objectives. The overall growth reflects a balanced mix between our 2 business units, with Flavors growth of 3% and Fragrance growth of 5%, based on a continued, strong level of new wins across both business units. The emerging markets continue to perform well, up 8%, and they're up 9% year-to-date on a local currency basis. We believe the diversity we have in all 4 regions of the world and our investments in our organization will continue to fuel our long-term growth. We are very pleased with our strong momentum in all geographic regions, especially Western Europe, where Fine & Beauty Care delivered double-digit growth this quarter. The BRIC countries generated local currency sales growth of 9% and 14% for Fragrance Compounds. Local currency sales growth in China increased strong double digits for Fragrance Compounds as well. The developed markets also performed well, including France, which reported strong growth in Flavors and Fragrances. Adjusted gross margins for the quarter increased 170 basis points to 44.2% in the third quarter from the year-ago period as a result of moderating raw material costs combined with the strategic initiatives we have put in place to improve productivity. This is the sixth consecutive quarter of our gross margin expansion versus year ago. It is important to note that while we have recovered input cost so that gross profit has been protected the input cost pressure still represents a significant pressure point on our gross margins from pre-inflation levels. I will speak to this in a moment. One last note on our gross margins. Last quarter, we noted that we expected that the year-over-year margin improvement trend would begin to slow. We are beginning to see that play out as we are comparing margins to prior year levels that have already benefited from the margin enhancement efforts embedded in our strategic initiatives. Regarding operating expense investments, we continue to make investments in our R&D platforms to fuel our future growth. This quarter, as Nicolas mentioned, we made a milestone payment to Amyris, one of our biotechnology partners. These types of payments signify that key milestones are being met, and we are pleased with the progress we are making. We continue to believe that the output of this programs will provide us with dependable, competitive advantages. Adjusted operating profit for the quarter increased 7% to $144 million. As a result, adjusted operating profit margin increased 50 basis points to 19.4% in the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, our adjusted operating profit has increased 10%. Going further down the P&L. This quarter we realized modest foreign exchange gains on our working capital positions, reversing the losses we saw last quarter that where generated in those countries where we do not have hedging programs due to market conditions or other practical considerations. This reflects normal movements in currencies in those countries where hedging programs are problematic. Finally, our EPS for the quarter was $1.22, which was 13% ahead of the prior year. On a year-to-date basis, our EPS of $3.55 is 12% ahead of the prior year period, and we are pleased with our bottom line growth. By now you are probably familiar with this chart, which demonstrates that even though we are seeing margin gains of 170 basis points this quarter the net impact of historical rising input costs continues to be a headwind on our gross margins. If we look at the period Q3 2010 to Q3 2013, you will see the factors leading to the gross margin improvement between the 2 periods. Again, we chose the third quarter of 2010 as the base period since that is the last comparable quarter prior to the large increase in input costs that we saw in 2011 and 2012. Over the 3-year period, the net impact of our pricing actions and industry input cost increases has been a negative 160 basis points on our gross margins as evidenced by the red bar. It is important to note that we proactively worked with customers to implement pricing increases to reduce the strong pressure from input costs and limit the inflationary pressure to the 160 basis points noted on our slide. However, the importance of the execution of our strategy where we adopt the numerous measures to improve our margins, including the exit of low-margin sales activities, cost-savings initiatives, innovation enhancements, manufacturing efficiencies and restructuring and other gross margin improvement efforts, cannot be understated. These strategic improvements had a 350 basis point positive impact on our margins over the 3-year period as shown by the green bar on the chart. This more than offset the negative 160 basis point reduction from the net impact of input cost and pricing, resulting in our gross margins improving 190 basis points over the period. Turning to our RSA costs. RSA as a percent of sales increased to 120 basis points to 24.8%, up from 23.6% of sales in the prior year quarter. The higher RSA this quarter reflects higher incentive compensation accruals and higher R&D expenses versus year ago partially due to the previously mentioned milestone payment to Amyris in the Fragrance business. As we've mentioned in the past, strong performance versus budget in any quarter can lead to an increased compensation accrual through our AIP program. We accrue for these payouts on a quarterly basis, effectively matching the performance accrual to the performance in that specific quarter. In those quarters where we have strong sales and operating profit versus our expectations, we increase our accruals. Conversely, in those quarters where we fall short of performance expectations, we book smaller accruals, or even as we did in 2011, reversed previous accruals made. Importantly, including the incremental R&D costs and additional incentive compensation accruals, other RSA costs as a percent of sales, primarily sales and administrative expenditures, would've fallen 30 basis points as a percent of sales between Q3 of 2013 versus the comparable year-ago figure. It is important we remain disciplined in our approach to spending. And going forward, cost discipline will be a continued focus while strategically investing in R&D and other business development opportunities. Turning to foreign currency dynamics. Our foreign currency translation this quarter had 100 basis point positive impact on our reported sales. In addition, due to our proactive hedging activities with the euro, foreign currency had an immaterial impact on our operating profit results. As we have been communicating in 2013, we remain nearly 80% hedged against the euro at levels that approximate $1.29 per euro, effectively consistent with the average exchange rate levels for the full year 2012. At current rates, the operating impact on our full-year results is expected to continue to be muted. Importantly for 2014, we also have now hedged over 80% of our euro profit and cash flow exposure at $1.32 per euro. Turning to our cash flow. As you know, our business is very cash generative, and we are pleased with our improved operating cash flow performance this year. For the first 9 months of 2013, our operating cash flow was $257 million versus $138 million in the third quarter of 2012. However, there are some large items impacting our comparability that I would like to discuss. Number 1. Last year, we had a cash outflow of over $105 million related to our Spanish tax settlement. This outflow was included in our 2012 9-month year-to-date cash flow. Number 2, this year in the 9 months ended September 30, 2013, the company made an additional $30 million voluntary contributions to our qualified U.S. pension plans versus the 2012 comparable period. Finally, in the 9 months ended September 2013, the company paid out over $55 million in compensation payments based on the strong operating performance we had in 2012. In the first 9 months of 2012, our incentive compensation payments were less than $20 million, representative of the less-than-satisfactory performance that the company delivered in 2011 versus our internal objectives. If we exclude these items to make the year-over-year comparison more representative of our underlying operating cash flow trends, then the cash flow would've improved substantially from $263 million in the first 9 months of 2012 to $344 million in the first 9 months of 2013, or an increase of over $80 million. It is also worth noting that we accelerated our payment of our 2012 fourth quarter dividend into late December last year versus the normal planning of January of 2013. As a result, our 2013 year-to-date net cash flow has benefited as the first 9 months did not have the normally quarterly cash outflow associated with quarterly dividend payment in January. Turning to our capital structure. Early in the quarter, Standard & Poor's rating service raised its long-term corporate credit and senior secured debt issue ratings on IFF to BBB+ from BBB based our good operating performance and affirmed its A2 short-term corporate credit ratings. This brings S&P's ratings in line with Moody's. In July, we repaid $100 million of private placement notes from the proceeds of our $300 million public bond offering completed earlier in the year. The next material debt maturity is $125 million of private placement debt maturing in 2016, indicating that we continue to have significant financial flexibility. We are also making progress on our share buyback program. Through the end of the third quarter, we repurchased approximately 400,000 shares at an average price of $75 per share or approximately $33.4 million. Year-to-date through the end of October, we have spent a total of $42 million on buying back roughly 550,000 shares. We expect to meet our $50 million share repurchase goal for the year. With that, I would like to turn the call back to Doug to give a perspective on the balance of the year.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Kevin, Hernan and Nicolas for the comments. We are pleased with our momentum on both sides of the business and believe we are well positioned for growth both due to our steady pulse with product innovations, our infrastructure and our feet on the ground in the faster growing markets, our relationships with both our global and regional customers as well as our deep consumer knowledge of global consumers and innovative solutions on how to drive consumer engagement. Looking forward, we expect to be able to deliver continued growth in the fourth quarter, noting that we will be comparing our performance to a much more challenging quarter and that the environment still poses certain challenges. We have started the fourth quarter well and are optimistic about our forecast. We have the right teams in place to continue to provide customers with superior customized products that deliver improved performance to consumers. Our perspective for 2013 remains in line with our long-term growth targets. We expect to deliver local currency growth in the range of 4% to 6%, supported by continued new wins and volume growth in the faster growing and more mature markets. We expect to grow our operating profit in line with our long-term growth targets of 7% to 9% as we continue to stress efficiency in all that we do, exercising financial discipline while nonetheless investing in required growth activity. And finally, we are optimistic that we will be able to deliver greater than 10% earnings per share growth. In conclusion, we believe our strong performance at IFF this quarter is the result of strong execution of our strategy to leverage our geographic footprint, strengthen our innovation platform and maximize our portfolio. We believe we are very well positioned in the market, and we plan to continue to selectively invest in those areas where we see the most growth, whether in regions, countries or categories. We continue to focus on executing our 3-pillar strategy. Thank you for your participation. And I will now open up the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess, Doug, curious what your interpretation of the word moderate. What does that mean for fourth quarter growth? I guess, my math suggests you need 2% to 3% in fourth Q to hit the low end of sales growth target. Maybe just a little bit of color there would be helpful, please.
Douglas D. Tough: Sure, Mark. I'll be glad to provide the color. I guess, just a couple of generation comments. I think we probably categorize this quarter as moderate as well. And you're trying to dimensionalize some targets. But I think I want to just put into context a couple of things and tie them together which have come out in this morning's call. I mean, I think we've touched upon -- the last year in Q4 of 2012 was our most challenging. And on a like-for-like basis, Fragrances is going up against 13% growth and Flavors is going up 7%, which are significant targets. So that was kind of the context of putting in moderate. We expect as we've kind of achieved the year somewhere in the range of 5% YTD through the first 9 months we'll end the year generally in that range as well. So our context of moderate is still satisfactory results and ending up in the range, but we're cognizant that we've got the most stretching target. But the last comment here is looking at our Q4 order book progress to date, it's very positive on both sides of the house. And it's most encouraging on Fragrances so far because it's up against the most challenging target. But Hernan has already touched upon the expectation that there'll be a resumption of more traditional growth above what we did in Q3. So putting them all together, we're optimistic. But it's early. And the one other complicating factor is a lot of companies, including this one, were slightly disrupted year ago by the hurricane which hit the East Coast, so the comparability to the order book isn't going to get sorted out for a couple of weeks yet. But so far, what we see is quite positive. So moderate, Mark, is really quite encouraging and an expectation of broad continuation of what we've done, YTD.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's great. Maybe just a follow-up then from a Fragrances standpoint. Nicolas, so positive local currency growth in the fourth quarter in spite of the comparisons, is that reasonable then?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Yes.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great.
Douglas D. Tough: That's the trend, the way things are going, Mark, yes.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: And Mark, really, as I have mentioned, it's continued momentum and good traction in Compounds and somehow muted by the strong comp from last year, but the momentum is still there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Sison from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Nicolas, could you comment on sort of the order patterns heading into the holiday season for Fine & Beauty? What type of growth or -- that your customers were looking for, for the holiday season?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Look, it depends where you are around the world obviously; and it's very, very different region to region. Obviously, our numbers are augmented by a very, very strong pipeline of new wins this year. We had a very strong new wins of activity. But overall, the overall order book is positive, but people obviously remain cautious for the holiday season. Now I understand that there are some pockets of pressure in different parts of the world, but this is offset by a good pipeline of new wins for us.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, and a quick follow-up. Fine & Beauty in North America was down for the first time. Was that sort of just a one-off in the quarter?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I think that you have to take into consideration 2 different dynamics, Michael. First, the strong comp of 12% last year, number 1. And also, it's coming on the heels of also a very strong second quarter at plus 13.5%. So probably, some of the launch we have some early intake for the pipeline. So we were putting these 2 quarters into perspective but also compared to last year. And it is true that a lot of the new wins intake and measure initiatives impacted us positively in Q2, and we have the same magnitude of intake for Q3.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Silke Kueck for Jeff. The first question I have is that what sort of interesting when I look at your 9-months result is that the North American local currency -- or I'm sorry, the Latin American local currency comparisons have been strong very year-over-year. They were great last year, and they are great this year. And similar for Greater Asia. But in North America, it seemed like for the 9 months last year North America didn't really grow. And for the 9 months this year, it didn't really grow. So one of the question is just like what happened? And are you optimistic that these trends should improve and why? And I have one follow-up to that.
Douglas D. Tough: Silke, is your question skewed to Flavors, Fragrances? Just guide us a little bit, please.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I looked at it just on a combined basis. I just looked at North America in total for like the 9 month last year versus the 9 months this year. And it just sort of like didn't grow in either period or maybe grew a little bit last year and like for the 9 months really didn't grow at all this year.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I think that -- Silke, it's Nicolas. I think that we're getting tractions by getting access to more quality [ph] opportunities, new business opportunities. We have to remember for some categories some customers are manufacturing in North America for the rest of the world, so there are maybe also related to some performance of some of our key partners. But overall, we're getting traction, and we're getting access to more business opportunity. And the pipeline of new wins for the future and the pipeline of new projects that we're working on is strong and healthy.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So if I understood that right, it seems that some of your larger multinational customers are also shifting manufacturing from the North American region to someplace else, and that's sort of like reflected in your regional performance as well?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: No, that's not what I meant. I said that some customers are manufacturing in North America for the rest of the world, so some challenge that might be seen in some parts of the world are affecting our local sales in North America.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I see. And my follow-up is this. I was wondering whether you're sort of like caught up in terms of compensation accrual for the year and how you think your fourth quarter global corporate expense -- what it may look like and whether it's like a double-digit number or like a single-digit expense number?
Kevin C. Berryman: Silke, this is Kevin. Just a couple -- a follow-up question on your first -- follow-up comment on your first question as well. The other thing that you have to remember is that a big impact on the Flavors business in North America was this exit of lower margin sales activity. So that was a big impact on our year-to-date figures. I think it was 6 or 7 percentage points of growth in Flavors. So you have to really take into account that dynamic because that was one of the material impacts in Flavors. So you take that and that will fundamentally improve your North America numbers at a pretty material level, 3 to 4 percentage points, I would say, on a consolidated level. That's first comment. Second comment is as we look at Q3 quarter to date, as we have said in the past, we kind of true-up our performance levels through the quarter depending upon how we are performing at that particular point in time. So our true-up in the final quarter of the year relative to incentive comp will be dictated by how we perform in the fourth quarter. I will say that one point is that as we've talked all year long, we were concerned about our plan and our execution in the fourth quarter relative to our fourth quarter local currency sales growth because of the strong comparability issue that has already been highlighted. And given the renewed outlook that we have or revised outlook, which shows us coming in levels that are more in line with kind of our year-to-date figures, you can pretty much assume that, that will require some incremental incentive comp in fourth quarter could the expectation would be that we will be growing faster than what we would've originally envisioned.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Silke, it's Hernan. One more comment following your question regarding North America. I mean in some way complementing what Kevin mentioned. If you go like-for-like basis, in last year North America Flavors has a growth of double digit. And this year, like-for-like is 6%. So I could say that the performance of North Africa Flavors in the last year was very really, very positive.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I feel bad ignoring, Hernan. So 2 questions for you. Some thoughts on Asia Flavors in the third quarter. Maybe just talk sort of broadly about what you're seeing over there. And then how much of the impact in the quarter was the slowdown that you alluded to in India? And then just more broadly, from an operating margin standpoint, so you're now basically done lapping the exit of the low-margin businesses. The operating margin was up year-on-year. It was just up less than we've seen in prior quarters. So I guess, I'm just trying to get a sense of whether this is a good run rate going forward or not?
Hernan Vaisman: Okay, Mark, let me start with the first one. Obviously, I mean, Greater Asia was not growing as quickly as they had been in the past. It's still have been growing a very solid path. I will say you have -- we have been in this quarter a kind of mixed bag. They were countries, as I mentioned before, that were doing pretty well, like for example, Indonesia, that is really delivering very good growth. India is a matter of concern. I mean, we -- everyone, not only IFF, is recognizing that the economy is hitting severely in the country. We used to grow at the high double-digit, and we are now in the mid-single digit. And we don't see that it's going to recover in the short term, but it's not forever. We still believe that the growth story in India is still there, and we will be there for many, many years. So we say it's a kind of mixed bag. And now as mentioned by Doug and myself, the orders in hand, order book, is much stronger at the back of some slowdown in the third quarter. So as already commented, we saw some slowdown, but we strongly believe that our fundamentals and the fundamental of the emerging market will be there for many times -- for many years to come. And regarding your question in margin. As you can see, I mean, we really delivered a very high -- I mean in gross margin. We always strive for improvement. Of course, when you get at that level, it's becoming kind of uphill. But then we in every single year, we work out with the teams initiative to improve productivity. So we believe that even though at the very high level we have some room to improve.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you very much for your participation in reviewing the IFF third quarter results. We're confident with our strategy, and we look forward to updating you in 3 months on Q4 results. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you for joining us for the conference for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelley Young - Director of Investor Relations Douglas D. Tough - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President of Fragrances Hernan Vaisman - Group President of Flavors Kevin C. Berryman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Shelley Young, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Shelley Young: Thank you, operator. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to IFF's second quarter 2013 conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our second quarter 2013 financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our website at iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay for up to 1 year on our website. Before turning the call over to our senior management team, I'd like to read our forward-looking statements. Please keep in mind that during this call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to the third quarter and our outlook for the balance of the year. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our risk factors contained in our 2012 10-K filed on February 26, 2013, and our press release that we filed this morning, all of which are available on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which will exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued earlier today and on our website. With me this morning are Doug Tough, our Chairman and CEO; Kevin Berryman, our CFO; Nicolas Mirzayantz, our Group President, Fragrances; and Hernan Vaisman, our Group President, Flavors. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Doug Tough.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Shelley. The company achieved strong operating growth this quarter with both business units reporting double-digit segment profit growth. The improved performance demonstrates the continued benefits of our strategy. By focusing on expanding our geographic reach and strengthening our innovation platform and maximizing the value of our portfolio, we achieved top line growth of 6% and 8% on a like-for-like basis and continued margin expansion. Operationally, we had an excellent quarter with all of our profitability metrics up over the prior year quarter. Our top line growth reflects momentum in many areas of the business, notably in Fine Fragrance and Beverage as well as continued growth in other areas of the business. All of the regions contributed to our second quarter performance led by double-digit growth in Latin America and high-single digit growth in the other regions. The emerging markets continued to grow at a rate of 10% or twice the rate of the developed markets. We achieved strong levels of growth in Western Europe, Brazil, China, Indonesia, Thailand and Argentina. Both business units contributed to the growth with a high level of new wins from both segments based on our technology, creativity and customer intimacy. I'd like to say a few words about our strong level of new wins. We recently hosted our biannual Investor Day which was focused on the theme of innovation at core competency that informs all of our actions. As part of the event, we showcased 4 of our leading technologies to let our investors experience the Flavors and Fragrances technology for themselves. These included Fine Fragrance; Fragrance encapsulation; FlavorFit, which is our umbrella of modulation technologies that address the large and growing health and wellness segment of the market; and our Citrus Toolbox. We received very favorable feedback on the technology demonstrations, and some of you completed our survey and told us that the technology demonstrations improved your understanding of IFF and how we are driving our growth. Well, this quarter clearly demonstrates the extent to which our technology is driving our new wins as well as our margin gains. Our customers' purchase orders are testimony to the fact that our innovations are adding value to their brands. We're very proud of our heritage of innovation and believe it will support future growth. Our gross margins also benefited from the new wins this quarter. Gross margins were up in both business units. And on a consolidated basis, our adjusted gross margins of 44.2% this quarter increased 240 basis points over the prior year quarter. This is our fifth consecutive quarter of margin enhancements. The gross margin expansion this quarter was due to favorable growth, volume growth and mix, new wins that are based on our technology, moderating input costs, as well as the exit of low-margin sales activities and manufacturing efficiencies. The improved gross margins were more than sufficient to offset higher research, selling and administrative expenses this quarter versus the prior year quarter. The higher volume combined with expanded margins resulted in an adjusted operating profit increase of 10% to $145 million from $132 million. Our operating performance was partially offset by foreign exchange losses on working capital related to currency volatility, resulting in adjusted earnings per share growth of 6%. Kevin Berryman will provide more context around these other income and expense items. I'd like to provide some perspective on the first half of 2013 for IFF. We have had a strong start to the year, and we are pleased with our performance. Our local currency sales growth was 5%, or 6% on a like-for-like basis, which reflects the success of our emerging market strategy combined with continued growth in the developed markets, reflecting our focus on growing categories. For the first 6 months of 2013, Flavors grew 7% on a like-for-like basis, and Fragrance Compounds grew 8%. Fragrance Ingredients, which declined by 11% in the first quarter of 2013, showed some improvement in the second quarter due to higher sales of specialty products. Still, Ingredients declined by 1% in the second quarter. And on a year-to-date basis, Fragrance Ingredients sales has declined 5%. The first half year results do not yet include the migration of some customers' volume from Ingredients to Compounds, which we have talked about in prior quarters. Once this volume moves to Fragrance Compounds, there will be renewed pressure on Fragrance Ingredients. On a profitability basis, Fragrance Ingredients continues to be attractive. And as we have mentioned, it is an important strategic component of our overall Fragrances business. Turning to our profitability metrics. The company's first half adjusted gross margin was up 260 basis points over the prior year, reflecting favorable volume and mix, moderating input costs and manufacturing efficiencies. Year-to-date margins also benefited from the exit of low-margin sales activities. On a year-to-date basis, the company's adjusted operating profit was up 12% and adjusted earnings per share is up 12%. In short, in a volatile marketplace, our half year results are positive and support our strategic focus. I'd now like to turn the call over to Nicolas Mirzayantz, our Group President of Fragrances.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Doug. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased with our performance this quarter. Our Fragrance business delivered 8% local currency sales growth this quarter with 10% local currency sales growth in our Compounds business and a small decline of 1% in our Ingredients business. The strong performance this quarter reflects a continued high level of new win in our Compounds business in all regions with our fast-growing customers combined with growth in our existing business. The emerging markets represented 47% of total Fragrances sales and 52% of Fragrance Compounds sales. In our Compounds business, growth in the emerging markets was 12%, and growth in the developed market was 8%. The emerging markets continued to grow at double-digit levels that are twice the rate of the developed markets, led by very strong growth in the BRIC countries, especially in Brazil and China, as well as strong growth in the Middle East, Thailand, Mexico, Argentina and Colombia. It is important to note the resilience of our developed markets, which can be clearly seen this quarter. The developed markets experienced broad-based growth in many areas of the world, including Western Europe, Great Britain, the United States and Japan. Turning to our categories. Fine and Beauty Care had total growth of 13% this quarter, reflecting double-digit growth in North America, EAME and Latin America, fueled by a high level of new wins and stronger growth in the base business. As anticipated, Fine Fragrance delivered double-digit growth this quarter due to the strong execution on the part of our creative and commercial teams and their success in partnering with our customers to provide them with consumer preferred fragrances. We benefited from many exciting launches and pipeline development this quarter, including Lacoste L12.12 Noir, Avon Far Away Bella, Boss Nuit Pour Femme and Paco Rabanne Invictus. In addition, Burberry has recently introduced it's Brit Rhythm, which was created also by IFF perfumers. The other categories within Fine and Beauty Care, which are Toiletries and Hair Care, had high-single digit growth this quarter. Hair Care had double-digit growth in North America, partially attributable to a successful new launch. Toiletries had saw [ph] growth in all regions led by double-digit growth in Latin America and strong growth in the other regions. Turning to Functional Fragrances. This category continues to perform well overall with 7% growth led by double-digit growth in the emerging markets. This marks the 20th consecutive quarter growth in Functional Fragrances due to a strong level of new wins as a result of our 3-pillar strategy. Growth in fabric care was led by double-digit gains in greater Asia and Latin America due to strong new wins using our encapsulation technology, which had double-digit growth. Home Care and Personal Wash also achieved steady growth. In Fragrance Ingredients, we experienced improved performance from Q1 as a result of improved volumes in the specialty segment, which somewhat offset declines in the high volume Ingredients area of the portfolio, which remains under pressure. Also the migration of some volumes from Fragrance Ingredients to Compounds has been delayed, and we won't see the impact of this development on our volume until the third quarter of 2013. We are very pleased with the broad-based top line growth this quarter with contributions from all regions. Our strong results are due to the efforts of our team to drive higher win rates and demonstrate our ability to execute on our plan. Turning to segment profit. Our 8% sales growth resulted in double-digit segment profit growth of 13% this quarter due to the leverage inherent in our business model. Strong volume growth combined with moderating input costs, favorable mix and productivity initiatives resulted in margin expansion, which more than offset increased research, selling and administrative costs, in part, due to an initial payment to our biotechnology partner, Amyris, who will be working with us on creating sustainable cost-effective ingredients. Our overall results were strong. Operating margins of 18.7% increased 100 basis points over the prior year operating margin. I would like to highlight the impact that input costs have had on our P&L. Although they were moderately down this quarter, the net impact of the input cost increases we have seen over the past couple of years continues to be a pressure point on our gross margins. As a result of the input cost pressure, we have adopted other measures to reduce manufacturing costs and operate more efficiently. These measures have enabled us to grow our margins and offset the impact of pricing versus input cost pressure. Along these lines, we have made certain decisions to make sure that we are operating as efficiently and profitably as possible to deliver value to our shareholders. This quarter, we moved forward with our plan to stop our Fragrance manufacturing activities in Jakarta, Indonesia and move them to our new efficient facility in Singapore. In addition, we also announced a move forward with our plans to close our Ingredients facility in Augusta, Georgia and rationalize our Ingredients business. These moves will help us to maintain a more cost-effective structure as part of our continuing efforts to drive efficiency in all that we do. On a year-to-date basis, total Fragrance sales increased 5%, with 8% growth in Fragrance Compounds and a 5% decline in Fragrance Ingredients. Our segment profit increased 17% over the prior year period to $140 million. And our segment margins on the year-to-date basis are 18.6%, an increase of 200 basis points. This is a great achievement and reflects moderating input costs, favorable volume and mix and the benefits of our productivity initiatives. Looking ahead, we expect to see continued growth in Fine and Beauty Care but at a more moderate rate that we saw in the second quarter. We also expect to see continued momentum in Functional Fragrances. For Ingredients, we expect to see continued pressure on the high volume segment and some migration of Ingredients volumes to Compounds resulting in some pressure on Fragrance Ingredients. I would like now to turn the call over to Hernan Vaisman, our Group President, Flavors.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Nicolas, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. This quarter, Flavors delivered 5% local currency growth spread across all regions. Excluding nearly $11 million of low-margin sales activities, local currency sales growth was 8% on a like-for-like basis. The exit of low-margin sales activities primarily affected North America and Latin America and mainly constituting products in the Sweet category. This is the last quarter that we expect to report the impact from the exit of low-margin sales activities. Starting with the third quarter, we have substantially completed the exit of low-margin sales activities. Flavors like-for-like growth of 8% this quarter compares to 9% growth in the second quarter of 2012 and 8% growth in the second quarter of 2011. On a 3 years basis, our growth of 8% demonstrates the consistent nature of our Flavors business and our ability to grow our top line sales by focusing on our geographic reach and driving innovation into the portfolio. This is reflected in the strong level of new wins this quarter as well as growth in our base business. Due to the strong level of new wins, we achieved consistent performance across all regions with continued strong growth in the emerging markets as well as the developed markets. Sales in emerging markets this quarter were approximately 50% of total sales. Our performance this quarter demonstrates the success of our creative and application teams as well as our customer relationships. Turning to regional performance. North America delivered exceptional like-for-like growth of 11% this quarter, which is a clear indication of the strong performance of our commercial and technology teams and the success they have experienced driving innovation into the portfolio. The best-performing category was Beverage followed by Savory, reflecting strong new wins with many of our customers and shows their faith in our innovative products that deliver brand growth. EAME delivered like-for-like sales growth of 5% this quarter due to improved year-over-year sales in both the developed as well as emerging markets. Flavors experienced growth in Western and Eastern Europe, Africa and the Middle East it. On a category basis, growth was led by Beverage and Savory. Sweet and Dairy also delivered positive growth. In Greater Asia, volume gains and new business wins drove like-for-like growth of 8%, reflecting widespread gains with higher quarter-over-quarter sales mainly in Indonesia, China and the Asian countries. Beverage category contributed to the strong performance led by Savory and Dairy. Finally, Latin America achieved like-for-like growth of 11%, showing increased momentum to the new wins. Savory and Sweet both delivered double-digit growth, while Beverage and Dairy also delivered solid growth. In all, we are very pleased with our top line growth this quarter, which demonstrates the successful execution of our naturals and health and wellness platforms and continued focus on innovation which drives our growth in initiatives. Turning to our financial performance. This quarter, we delivered very strong results due to many positive operating factors, which all move in tandem, including strong top line growth due to a high level of new wins in every single region; improvement in the base business; mix gains due to increased sales of products using our technologies and innovation; the positive impact of moderate decline in our input costs and the favorable impact of exiting low-margin sales activities. All of these factors resulted in expanded gross margin, which more than offset increased research, selling and administrative costs, which include additional labor costs consistent with our investment in new geographies. The strong volume growth, when combined with margin expansion due to changing mix in part due to the exit of low-margin sales activities and moderated input costs, resulted in a double-digit growth of 12% in our segment profit margin this quarter, or an increase of $9 million. Our operating margin expanded by 170 basis points to 24%. We are very pleased with our results and with our teams in all regions who successfully and skillfully worked to produce such good results. On a year-to-date basis, Flavors like-for-like sales growth is 7%, reflecting a strong growth in every single region. Our segment profit increased 8% to $123 million, while achieving segment profit margins of 23.7% or an increase of 120 basis points. Looking ahead, although it is still very early in this quarter, we expect to see continued broad-based momentum and deliver solid growth in the third quarter. I would now like to turn the call over to Kevin Berryman, our CFO.
Kevin C. Berryman: Thank you, Hernan. Good morning and good afternoon everyone that's on the call. Again turning to our financial results for the second quarter of 2013, I will try to provide some additional context to our results. Reported revenues for the second quarter totaled $758 million, an increase of 5% versus the prior year quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, local currency sales increased 6%. And finally on a like-for-like basis, which excludes the impact of exiting low-margin sales activities and the impact of foreign currency, sales increased 8%. The growth reflects a substantial improvement in both business units from the first quarter of the year and is indicative of broad-based growth across our regions. The momentum we are seeing on our top line reflects increased new wins in the market, which is validation of our ability to provide value-added solutions to our customers. In fact, the percent growth from net new wins in the quarter was at the highest level we have seen in any quarter for the last 3-plus years. Clearly, our focus on innovation is showing results. Adjusted gross margins this quarter improved 240 basis points to 44.2%, up from 41.8% in the prior year quarter. Our gross margin expansion this quarter reflects strong execution on our strategies. Volume growth and improved mix of business, the final benefit of exiting lower margin sales activities, as well as continued cost containment initiatives, when combined with moderating input costs, resulted in a gross margin improvement. As I did last quarter, I will provide more detail on our gross margin progression in a moment. Our operating performance this quarter clearly was strong. Looking back over the past 5 quarters, our gross margins have improved by 200 basis points or better versus the prior year quarter in every quarter. In fact, our improved margins this quarter are on top of a 210 basis point improvement in the second quarter of 2012 versus the second quarter of 2011. We anticipate that going forward, the improved year-over-year margin improvement trends will begin to slow, especially as we start to compare our margins to year-ago figures that have already benefited from the margin enhancement efforts embedded in our strategic initiatives. Our strong operational performance resulted in incremental incentive compensation accruals, which when combined with increased investments in our R&D, resulted in RSA costs of 25% of sales in the quarter. As a result of our strong performance, our adjusted operating profit increased 10% and led to an increase in our adjusted operating margins to 19.2%, up 90 basis points from adjusted operating margins of 18.3% in the prior year quarter. Going further down the P&L, the strong operating profit was somewhat reduced by higher other income and expense items driven primarily by foreign exchange losses on working capital balances and higher interest costs, resulting in adjusted EPS increasing 6% versus the prior year. I will discuss these other expenses a bit more in a moment. Finally, there were several other items that impacted our reported earnings per share, which improved 15% versus a year ago from $1.08 to $1.24 in second quarter of this year. These items are not included in our adjusted operating profit or adjusted EPS figures, and I will comment briefly on them. In Q2, we recognized a $16 million gain from the sale of a building adjacent to our corporate headquarters. This decision to sell this nonoperating asset is consistent with the principles of economic profit, which is infused within the organization and drives our thinking on both investments and divestitures. The sale of the building enables us to maximize our returns against our existing asset base, which is an important driver for all of our financial decisions as we look to improve the overall returns of the business. Also in Q2, and as previously mentioned, we moved forward with our plan to close our facility in Sweden and transfer our liquids manufacturing out of our plant in Jakarta to a new efficient facility in Singapore. We recognized a small loss provision related to these initiatives. And finally, as Nicolas also mentioned, we also moved forward with our plan to close our Augusta Ingredients facility and rationalize the Fragrance Ingredients business. As we noted last quarter, the closure of the Augusta plant is a second quarter accounting event, and we booked a $2 million charge this quarter related to the upcoming plant closure. I would again like to show the margin progression that we presented last quarter, to remind everyone on the call that even though we are seeing margin gains of 240 basis points this quarter, the net impact of rising input costs on our margins continues to be a headwind. If we look at the period Q2 2010 to Q2 2013, you will see the factors leading to the gross margin improvement between the 2 periods. We chose again the second quarter of 2010 since that is the last comparable quarter prior to the large increase in input costs that we saw in 2011 and 2012. Over the 3-year period, the impact of pricing and input costs has been a negative 210 basis points on our gross margins as evidenced by the red bar. It is also important to note that we proactively work with customers to implement pricing increases to reduce the strong pressure from input costs and limit the recent inflationary pressure to the 210 basis points noted on the slide. However, the importance of the execution of our strategy, where we have adopted numerous measures to improve our margins, including the exit of low-margin sales activities, cost savings initiatives, innovation enhancement and other gross margin improvement efforts, cannot be understated. These strategic improvements had a 350 basis point positive impact on our margins as shown by the green bar on the chart. This more than offset the negative 210 basis points reduction from the net impact of input costs and pricing, resulting in the margin gain we are able to report this quarter. I would also like to comment briefly on the success the company has had in consistently driving operating profit margin expansion over the last few years in the context of the strong input cost pressures we have felt. Although the input cost increases, net of pricing actions, have been a strong headwind to our gross margins, we have been able to keep our operating profit margin on a steady upward trajectory via our focused execution of our profitable growth strategy and disciplined management of expenses. Specifically, we have been able to steadily increase our adjusted operating profit margins in Q2 from 16.5% in 2010 to 17% and 18.3% in 2011 and '12, respectively and finally, to 19.2% in 2013. Turning to our RSA costs. This quarter, RSA costs as a percent of sales increased 150 basis points to 25%, up from 23.5% of sales in the prior year quarter. The higher RSA reflects higher incentive compensation accruals and higher R&D expenses, partially due to an initial payment to Amyris, our biotechnology partner in Fragrances. As we've mentioned in the past, strong performance versus budget in any quarter can lead to increased compensation accruals through our AIP program. We accrue for these payments on a quarterly basis, effectively matching the performance accrual to the performance in that specific quarter. In those quarters where we have strong sales and operating profit performance and payouts are expected to be higher, we increase our accruals. Conversely, in those quarters we fell short of performance expectations, we book smaller accruals. Importantly, excluding the incremental R&D costs and additional incentive compensation accruals, sales and administration expenditures as a percent of sales would have fallen when comparing the current quarter to the comparable year-ago figure. Clearly, we remain disciplined in our approach to spending. And going forward, cost discipline will be a continued focus, while we strategically invest in R&D and other business development opportunities. As promised, I would like to spend a quick moment to reflect on the other operating income and expenses this quarter, which represented a $0.05 headwind to our EPS figure. The expense in Q2 was triggered by volatility in multiple currencies in June versus the U.S. dollar. As you know, being a global company with operations in 32 countries and with customers at over -- in over 100 countries, we have hedging programs in place to guard against the material foreign exchange risk that we have as a global company. We are substantially hedged in most of the countries in which we operate. There are some countries, however, where hedging is either not available or inefficient or too expensive to put in place. In June, on the heels of comments by the Federal Reserve, which affected investors' expectations for short-term interest rates, we saw a strengthening of the U.S. dollar and a corresponding weakening of several currencies, including those currencies in countries where IFF hedging programs do not exist. Due to the amount of volatility in the foreign exchange markets and the timing, which was late in the quarter during the month of June, we experienced a larger-than-normal put loss on outstanding accounts payable items. The impact was primarily experienced in a handful of countries, including Argentina, Brazil, India and Thailand. Although we are not able to anticipate movements in currencies, we do manage this risk with forecasting of foreign exchange balances and natural hedging programs. The significant volatility that we experienced in June is certainly high versus our historical performance, and as a result, it is not expected to be a systemic issue. Importantly, had there been no foreign exchange losses in the second quarter, our adjusted EPS would have been $0.04 higher or $1.18 versus our final adjusted figure of $1.14. Speaking more generally about our other foreign exchange exposures, our foreign currency translation this quarter, as mentioned previously, had a 100 basis points impact on our reported sales. Given the more limited volatility in the euro-dollar exchange rate versus the currencies discussed in the prior slide and combined with our cash flow hedging activities with the euro, foreign currency actually had an immaterial impact on our operating profit results. As we have been communicating, in 2013, we remain nearly 80% hedged against the euro at levels that approximate $1.29 per euro, effectively consistent with the average exchange rate levels for the full year of 2012. At current rates, the operating impact on our full year results is expected to continue to be muted. Turning to our cash flow. Our cash flow from operations for the 6 months ending June 30, 2013, was $118 million or $17 million lower than the prior year comparable period. Decrease for the first 6 months primarily reflects higher year-over-year incentive compensation payments and additional pension contributions versus the year-ago period. These 2 items represent a total additional cash outflow of more than $55 million this year versus last year. The net incremental outlays in the first half of this year versus last year have been offset in part by, one, an underlying improvement in cash flow versus last year in core working capital of $29 million; and two, an increase of $23 million in net income due to an improved level of operating performance and the sale of a nonoperating asset that was described earlier in the second quarter. It is worth noting that we paid out our normal fourth quarter dividends in late December, so our year-to-date net cash flow benefited as the first 6 months did not have the normal quarterly cash flow associated with this quarterly dividend payment. Turning to our capital structure. IFF has certainly proven a willingness to return capital to shareholders, both through our dividend payments as well through share buyback programs. In July, -- due to our strong operating performance, the board authorized a $0.05 or 15% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.39 a share, reflecting their confidence in our future growth and profitability. The increase in the dividend will improve our payout ratio to the high end of our historical range of 30% to 35%. We also believe it important to have increased our dividend to support an improved yield, given the recent and continued strength in our stock price. As you know, since announcing our share buyback program late last year, IFF's share price has experienced a strong increase. As a result, and due to our disciplined approach to the execution of our program, our progress against the share buyback program has been slower than originally expected. Year-to-date, we have spent approximately $19 million on our share buyback program. Going forward, our intent is to repurchase at minimum $50 million in value of our shares over the course of 2013. Now I would like to turn the call back over to Doug.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Kevin, Hernan and Nicolas for the remarks. We are very pleased with our performance this quarter, which reflects our continued focus on execution of our 3-pillar strategy. Our success this quarter is the result of our innovation programs, which are creating value for our customers and investors. Looking forward, we expect to be able to deliver continued growth in the second half of the year noting that we are entering into a more challenging period on a comparable growth basis and that the environment still poses certain challenges. However, we remain focused on our strategic priorities and believe we have the right teams in place to continue to provide customers with superior customized products that deliver improved performance to consumers. Our perspective for 2013 remains in line with our long-term growth targets. We expect to deliver local currency growth in the range of 4% to 6% supported by continued new wins and volume growth in the developed and emerging markets. We expect to grow our operating profit in line with our long-term growth targets of 7% to 9% as we continue to stress efficiency in all that we do while exercising financial discipline. And finally, we are optimistic that we will be able to deliver 10% or higher earnings per share growth. In conclusion, we believe our strong performance at IFF this quarter is the result of strong execution of our strategy to leverage our geographic footprint, to strengthen our innovation platform and to maximize our portfolio. We believe we are well positioned in the market and we plan to continue to selectively invest in those areas where we see the most growth, whether in regions, countries or categories. Thank you for your participation. I will now open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Two quick questions. One on sales growth, just trying to get a sense of how to think about balance of year growth rate. So you're done lapping some of the exits of businesses in the Flavors business. So as you look to the 4% to 6% long-term targets, I guess that's a blend of like-for-like and local currency. So maybe help us a little bit with the exiting of the business negatively impacting the top line over the balance of the year. And then second question is just on cash uses, so you increased the dividend by more than the 10% or 10%-plus earnings target. Recently, you've committed now to buying back at least $50 million of stock for the year. Obviously, we can sort of read into it how we want. But sort of curious to your thoughts on what you're doing with the excess cash here, and what that potentially means as far as acquisition criteria or outlook and just sort of returning cash to shareholders on a longer-term basis.
Douglas D. Tough: Mark, it's Doug. I'll talk to the second question first. And then I think we're just going to need a little clarification perhaps on the growth question you're asking. I mean, Kevin's touched upon I think the disciplined approach that we've taken with the Board. And the business is sufficiently cash generative that the kinds of acquisition opportunities we would be contemplating, we were still going to be in a very positive position vis-à-vis cash if we need to do so. But in the context of both the discipline -- the dividend and trying to stay within the payout ratios that we have, that triggered the move to the recent significant increase. And I also think that the company's commitment to the program that we initiated a year ago on the share buyback, the board supported the management recommendation to continue to participate in that program. So in that, the company's cash position, we're confident on almost all levers we need. Now can you just embellish a little bit on your growth question, please?
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Sure. So first half sales growth, local currency, is a couple of points below the like-for-like number. So as we're now lapping the exit of the low-margin business, I'm getting -- I'm trying to get a sense of whether we should expect an acceleration in what is now local currency growth absent exiting that low-margin business, or just how to think about the sales growth progression through the year.
Kevin C. Berryman: Sure, Mark. This is Kevin. Let me make some preliminary comments and then I'll look to Nicolas and Hernan if they want to add any additional commentary. There was 2 things, I think, that were pointed out by both of the BU presidents. One was that the expectations on the Fragrance side of the business for the balance of the year starts to be looking up at some pretty strong comparables. And we do expect that, that will represent a higher level of challenge for the Fragrance business as we look to the balance of the year. I also think that on the Flavors side, we've been able and Hernan and his team have been able to put a pretty solid numbers on a like-for-like basis on an ongoing basis. And while that should, all else being equal, result in a slightly higher number for Flavors on a reported local currency sales basis, that momentum and overall needs to be done within the context of kind of how the environment is. So probably a continued positive picture on Flavors and with some developing challenges with Fragrance just because of the comparables that we're going to be facing. Q3 was actually pretty strong in Fragrance, but Q4 was very strong as you might recall. So I would say continued good solid in Flavors and with some developing challenges relative to the comparables on Fragrance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted to know if you could comment -- I have so many questions, but I guess I was most interested in the comments on the base business strength. New win momentum is something that has been building that you guys have been talking about. But I felt like the comments on base business strength was something maybe a little bit newer. So I guess one, to what degree does that reflect kind of underlying market growth and stability and improvement, particularly Latin America, given some of the worries about slowdown there? Or also just sort of a greater longevity to some of your -- the products that you are a part of in the market that they are just having a longer and better success rate beyond a kind of year 1 in the marketplace? And then the implications that would have for win momentum going forward?
Hernan Vaisman: Okay, Lauren, let me start with Flavors. And basically, we saw in this quarter, I mean, some growth in the base business. But the -- frankly, I mean, the big bulk of the growth was coming from the new wins. If I had to give you a kind of magnitude, I mean, I could say between 60% to 70% are coming from new wins, the rest was basically base business. In which areas we see growing base business? Again, in some way marginal for this quarter was basically in the emerging markets and in some markets in Europe. In the rest of the markets, I mean, basically, the big bulk of the growth came from new wins as we mentioned before.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, it's Nicolas. Just to provide some additional comment for Fragrances. What we saw in Q2 first was a very, very strong new win rate. So the majority of the growth is coming from new introduction into the market across all categories. What we saw, especially in Fine Fragrance, is the resilience of our existing portfolio. But more importantly, some of the very strong equity that were won last year continue to do well. So it's not only the quantity of the win, but also the quality. So we saw some very continued strong performance of the introduction from 2012 into 2013.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then if I could also ask about -- for an update on the Evolva partnership, where things stand there?
Hernan Vaisman: Hernan, Lauren. Again, I mean it's difficult to mention. We are still in the process of scaling up as we mentioned in the last couple of calls. We believe that we will be finalizing this scaling-up process in this quarter. So if everything goes successfully, this is something that we have to wait. Probably we will see start commercializing the new products early next year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: For the last couple of quarters, really the last 3, your incremental gross margins have been pretty close to 100%. And there really hasn't been very much movement in your cost of goods sold even though you had good volume growth. And I suppose that's because of the many cost reduction initiatives that you have. So the gross margin comparisons will be a little bit more difficult in the second half because last year's cost of goods sold was pretty low. So in general, what's a normal incremental gross margin for you now that you've limited the -- now that there are some limits on your cost initiatives? And when you closed down Jakarta and you closed down Augusta, what's the net effect for IFF? Is it $10 million or $15 million or $5 million? How does it affect your cost structure?
Kevin C. Berryman: Jeff, this is Kevin. Let me take a stab at your question. Look, the gross margin that we've been able to experience, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, is really driven by a lot of things. And certainly, your perspective on the absolute level of the costs and the ability to drive cost savings into the portfolio of products certainly plays a role. The one piece though that I think is important to recognize within the context of the gross margin picture is certainly, to the extent that we're able to offer up innovation to our customers and it's adding value to their products, which are being provided to their consumers, is that affords us opportunities to have higher levels of margin as we embed technology into our business. So that in itself is positive. And if you think about how that ultimately shows up on the P&L, it oftentimes shows up on what we'll call mix because our business is changing over time to be a better margin as we incorporate innovation into the portfolio. So at the end of the day, the ability for us to continue to have the margin profile is really about the innovation and whether or not we're able to deliver things that our customers are excited about. I do think that longer term, some of the manufacturing savings are going to be in place, and there's benefits that we're expecting. But really nothing in 2013 because any benefits we're expecting in the back half of 2013 are likely to be offset by the ramping up of our large facility in China in Flavors. And so really, the expectation is that we're going to start to see those benefits probably leak-in in 2014 through the end of 2014. And this should be helpful in terms of reducing our cost structure.
Douglas D. Tough: And Jeff, I would just build on what Kevin was saying on innovation. There's been a litany of items which contributed to the margin improvement. And that -- and frankly, that is -- those elements have contributed more than obviously any pricing in the context of the cost of goods. Even the programs that Kevin has touched -- or that Nicolas touched about, our relationship with Amyris and the Evolva opportunity that Hernan mentioned in Flavors, both of those should be able to bring us cost advantages and hence, margin improvement. And coupled with the ongoing focus in R&D on new molecule development, which creates superior products, that's where we'll get the opportunity for margin enhancement because our customers are looking for those competitively advantaged projects -- products. I think there's a number of items, which are all going to contribute, and obviously with the ongoing pursuit of productivity improvements in the operations area. So there are a number of things. But I really don't think there's a precise answer to your question in terms of the basis point improvement other than we know we have to keep doing it.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And what of Jakarta and Augusta? Can you give some quantification of why you're closing those plants?
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, basically, we're creating greater efficiencies for the infrastructure that we have in place. What we said, I would say, it's $10-plus million that you'll fully realize by the end of 2014. So in 2015, you should be able to see the $10-plus million dollars of savings, and that's kind of being layered in over the course of 2014. Jeff, in the back half of this year. Once again, any potential savings on Sweden and Indonesia really are getting offset by the ramp up costs associated with the China manufacturing facility in Flavors.
Operator: And you have a question from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So Amyris, the payments you made this quarter, could you quantify that? And then one other question, input costs. Just maybe give a little bit of color on how you're thinking about that over the balance of the year. And any sort of puts and takes on oil-based versus naturals?
Kevin C. Berryman: Mark, this is Kevin. I'll take it real briefly on the Amyris. We're not going to disclose the payment. It was an amount that was worthy of calling out, otherwise we wouldn't have said it. But certainly, we consider that confidential, so we won't be providing additional color on that. As it relates to the input cost situation, we noted in Q2 that it was -- we saw some moderating levels of input cost. We still believe that the input cost picture for the full year is benign. And so we're feeling as if given where we are through first half and given the positions that we currently hold for the balance of the year, we're feeling pretty comfortable that it's going to be pretty stable.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Got it. And just going back to the Amyris payment, so should we think about that as a onetime item? Is it something that at some point will recur but only once in a while? Maybe some direction there would be helpful.
Kevin C. Berryman: Typically, what ends up happening is oftentimes, our agreements with our third parties have certain milestone payments. And depending upon when those milestones are met, you could have incremental investments. And so yes, there can be ongoing expenses, but they will specifically be driven by the attainment of milestones.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Great. And this is in the R&D line, right?
Kevin C. Berryman: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I'm particularly impressed by the acceleration in Latin America and the like-for-like for Flavors. There's a bulk ingredient company I'm sure you're familiar with, Ingredion, that had 6% down volume in Latin America in their food ingredients. And I was curious whether you overcame similar weakness in Sweet and Brewery, I think they cited as their weak end-markets in Latin America, and so your growth was in spite of that. Or because you're such a small percent of the price of the products, you didn't see any effect at all in Latin America from the weakness in the end-markets?
Hernan Vaisman: Well, let me explain. Definitely, I don't know their business. I know what's the implication that they have alluded, the drop or the causes of the drop. In our particular case, we won really good business there. And then by winning this business, they give us, I mean, this kind of results. We see also a kind of slowdown in the economy in those countries. But again, it's not totally correlated with our result, as we are winning really business -- we are winning -- I mean definitely we will really outperform the market and we'll deliver this double-digit growth.
Operator: You have a follow-up question with Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was thinking about Amyris again. So just if I'm modeling next year's second quarter, assuming there's no milestone payment, then year-over-year R&D expense, all else being equal, would be down somewhat because this year had a onetime payment. Is that correct?
Kevin C. Berryman: Assuming there isn't another milestone payment to offset it, yes.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then so if you could talk a little bit about flavor margins now at 24%, 23% something last quarter. With the exits kind of done and the benefit to profitability, I mean, should we start thinking about this as sort of a new level for flavor profitability going forward, assuming again, all else equal, and no major moves in input costs?
Hernan Vaisman: Lauren, this is a $50 million question, but let me try to answer. As I mentioned, I mean in -- earlier, I mean we have -- earlier, you have many, many of some main drivers of this in gross profit. I mean, it depends on each quarter, it could be changing. I mean, basically, what we see, to mention, is volume, mix, let's forget now for the point and timing comparison with the exit of low-margins. So definitely, you have some variables that you have to manage in each quarter that will be -- I mean, in some way, defining the financial profit. Having said all that, following what we did in the past really focusing on really most profitable categories, the mix is really helping and giving us really tailwinds in the gross margin. The high volumes in almost all markets will help. So to try to summarize, while you have several variables that can impact, I would say that we feel that this gross margin can be sustainable throughout the times.
Kevin C. Berryman: Lauren, just an additional comment. This is Kevin. The other thing that we do is certainly we are investing in the future in terms of R&D initiatives and other corporate, I would call them business development expenditures. So Hernan certainly rightfully talked about some of the success in driving innovation into the portfolio, which is helping the gross margin front. But we will look to continue to strengthen our potential innovation opportunities in the future, which always implies if we continue to see that success, it's not necessarily all going to drop to the bottom line. We will work to continue to build our capabilities in innovation for the future.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And I guess, Kevin, while I have you, just to touch on incentive compensation for a minute. So I guess one, could you just remind us the metrics that triggers the increase in accruals? So was it top line or like for-- top line growth, organic or like-for-like? And is it operating profits, pre-incentive comp or is it gross margins? What are the real triggers there? And then as we think about the balance of the year, at least as you're forecasting it to today, I recall Q4 was a really big incentive comp accrual quarter last year, there was a big catch up. So I'm guessing there might be a positive swing factor there this year because you're accruing at a higher rate at this point already.
Kevin C. Berryman: First part of the question, Lauren, about the 4 metrics, it's local currency sales -- it's reported local currency sales. So we don't adjust it for like-for-like. It's the reported number on local currency sales that is important for us to drive the business forward. It's gross margin percentage. It's operating profit levels and working capital efficiencies. Those are the 4 metrics that we measure on an annual basis for our annual incentive program. However, we do have long-term plans that are in place as well. And to the extent that we continue to show very strong total shareholder returns, which we have been showing, we obviously have to accrue additional expenses associated with those given the continued strength in our share price. I think that the last piece relative to, kind of as we look to the balance of the year, yes, Q4, Q4 was a big accrual as we ended the strength -- the year very strong in Q4, which we've already talked about, especially in Fragrance. And so there certainly was a catch-up there in terms of accruals given the strong performance in that specific quarter last year. And so depending upon how we translate into the final numbers for this year, having said all of that, there could be some challenges in the comparable, which could put some pressure the other way in terms of nonoperating. The only other comment to make is we have to fund all additional incentive comp within the context of the operating profit. So we don't get paid by an operating profit before incentive comp, we get paid after the fact. So we -- to over-perform and start to pay versus the operating profit metrics, we have to fund our additional incentive comp.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. I guess I just don't understand how it doesn't end up being a circular reference then, but it's okay. We'll talk about it offline, that's fine.
Kevin C. Berryman: That's great.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll now turn it back over to the speakers for closing remarks.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Jennifer. It's been an interesting conversation today and thank you, all, for your participation. The theme that has kept emerging here are the strength of the business, both the top line but also the gross margin strength. And I think it's a really good reinforcement of the focus that we had on our Investor Day, where the innovation theme and the demonstration of innovation on a number of fronts was really what we wanted to convey as the basis on which we could drive the business. And I think it's reinforced in the numbers and the results. Thanks, everyone, for your participation and we'll look forward to talking with you again in 3 months in November. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelley Young - Director of Investor Relations Douglas D. Tough - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President of Fragrances Hernan Vaisman - Group President of Flavors Kevin C. Berryman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Shelley Young, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Shelley Young: Thank you, operator. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to IFF's First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our first quarter 2013 financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our website at iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live at and will be available for replay for up to 1 year on our website. Before turning the call over to our senior management team, I'd like to read our forward-looking statement. Please keep in mind that during this call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to the first quarter and our outlook for 2013. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our forward-looking statements and risk factors contained in our 2012 10-K filed on February 25, 2013, and our press release that we filed this morning, all of which are available on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued earlier today and on our website. I'd like to introduce the participants on today's call. With me on the call is Doug Tough, our Chairman and CEO; Nicolas Mirzayantz, our Group President of Fragrances; Hernan Vaisman, our Group President of Flavors; and Kevin Berryman, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Doug Tough.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Shelley, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Our focus on the call this morning is to provide an overview of our first quarter results and operating performance and provide you with a more in-depth review of our Fragrance and Flavors business segments. We will also provide our current outlook for 2013 and after our prepared remarks, we will leave time for questions. Turning to our first quarter results. We delivered solid local currency sales growth of 3%. On a like-for-like basis, which excludes the exit of low-margin sales activities in Flavors, we delivered local currency sales growth of 4%, which reflects underlying momentum in both our Fragrance Compounds and Flavors Compounds businesses, supported by strong new wins based on innovations and growth across diverse categories and geographies. Our top line performance continues to be driven by 9% growth in the emerging markets, which now account for nearly half of our sales. This is due to strong growth in many countries, including Brazil, Russia, China and Turkey. Turning to the business segments. Flavors delivered modest growth of 2%. But on a like-for-like basis, which is a more consistent measure of growth, Flavors delivered growth of 6%. The 6% growth overlaps 6% like-for-like growth in the first quarter of 2012 and is consistent with historical growth rates in this business, once again showing the strength and stability of the business. Our Fragrances business delivered growth of 3% in total. Fragrance Compounds, which excludes Fragrance Ingredients, achieved growth of 7%. Our Fragrance Compounds business, which consists of Fine and Beauty Care and functional fragrances, was supported by strong new wins including products using our encapsulation technology as well as increased [indiscernible] participation. Turning to our margins. This quarter, our adjusted margins improved 270 basis points over the prior year to 42.9%. The overall improvement reflects the combined benefit of pricing and declining raw material costs, volume growth, the benefits of our hedging programs as well as other cost improvement initiatives. Kevin Berryman, our CFO, will address our margin progression in more detail later in the presentation. Our margin gains this quarter were also due to exit of low-margin sales activities in Flavors business, which has had an overall 30 basis point favorable impact on our margins. The solid top line performance and margin expansion more than offset increased RSA costs this quarter and resulted in 13% growth in our adjusted operating profit. And adjusted earnings per share, which includes a lower effective tax rate, increased 19% to $1.19. As we have done in the past, this quarter, we continued to optimize our manufacturing footprint by making the decision to close both our Flavors plant in Sweden and our Fragrances plant in Jakarta, Indonesia and transferring the production from these facilities to our larger facility in The Netherlands and our new facility in Singapore, respectively. The company looks to operate as efficiently as possible to remain competitive, and these actions were taken with this objective in mind. Lastly, we also announced our intention to close our Fragrance Ingredients plant in Augusta, Georgia and consolidate the production into existing facilities. We provided a strategic review of our Ingredients business to our Board and are now executing on our plan to improve the profitability and the competitiveness of our Fragrance Ingredients business, thereby strengthening our competitive cost position in the Fragrance business. We are also taking steps to strengthen our innovation platform. During the quarter, we issued a press release on the successful outcome with an outside partner, Evolva Holding, in the production and scale-up of a natural sustainable vanillin through a biosynthetic process. We are very pleased with our partnership and believe the program with Evolva will increase the availability and sustainability of vanillin, which is a key flavor ingredient in many food products. Last week, we entered into a multiyear collaboration with Amyris, a leading biotechnology company, to develop and commercialize renewable cost-effective fragrance ingredients. We continue to work with R&D and creative teams to commercialize products that will provide us with a competitive edge in the market. These 2 biotechnology programs are complementary, and we believe collaborations such as this are critical to driving our future growth and profitability. Our earnings per share growth this quarter enables us to continue making investments that will secure our future. I would now like to turn the call over to Nicolas Mirzayantz, our Group President of Fragrances.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Doug, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Turning to our top line results. Our overall Fragrance business delivered 3% local currency sales growth, which reflects 7% growth in Fragrance Compounds partially offset by an 11% decline in ingredients. Our growth was supported by strong new wins plus the benefit of increased core list participation, though this quarter was also supported by strong growth in the emerging markets. The emerging markets accounted for 54% of our Fragrance Compounds sales. Within Fragrance Compounds, the emerging markets grew by 18%. In Compounds, we achieved very strong growth in many areas of the world, including Brazil, the Middle East, Mexico, Turkey and Indonesia, among others. Brazil continues to be one of our leading markets and has strong double-digit growth again this quarter. We had a solid first quarter and we are seeing strong momentum on many fronts. Our Fine and Beauty Care category, which includes fine fragrances, toiletries and hair care, grew by 4% this quarter, driven by double-digit growth in Latin America of 25% and Greater Asia of 11%, which more than offset volume softness in North America and EAME. To put this quarter's growth into perspective, this quarter followed exceptional growth in the first quarter of 2012. As you may recall, in the fourth quarter of 2012, Fine and Beauty Care delivered growth of 19%, driven by a -- by 17% growth in North America. We believe that part of the softness in North America in the first quarter is related to the Christmas holiday, which appears to have impacted first quarter demand in the industry. Still, there are many new launches in 2013, including recent launches with Balenciaga and new launches such as L’eau de [indiscernible] and Katy Perry Killer Queen, which had its first launch last week, which we believe will help improve sales momentum going forward. Functional Fragrances, which includes fabric care, home care and personal wash, achieved local currency sales growth of 9% this quarter on top of 12% growth in the fourth quarter with positive growth in every region, led by double-digit growth of 13% in both Latin America and Greater Asia and strong growth in EAME. This marks our 19th consecutive quarter growth in functional fragrances, led by double-digit growth in fabric care and high-single-digit growth in personal wash. This strong growth reflects new wins, our increased core list participation and increased use of products using our encapsulation technology. Turning to Fragrance Ingredients. We saw continued top line pressure in our external portfolio, primarily from AD [ph] products. And overall Fragrance Ingredients sales declined 11%. As you know, we have developed a strategy to improve our overall profitability and competitiveness in our external foreign [indiscernible] business and have been continuing to finalize our execution plan. As Doug mentioned, last week, we announced our intention to close our Augusta, Georgia facility, consolidate production into existing Fragrances Ingredients facility. This is in line with our plan to improve manufacturing efficiencies and increase the competitiveness of this business, and Kevin will speak about the financial impact related to the Augusta closure. I want to underscore the strategic importance of our Ingredient business. Our Ingredient business provides innovative and cost-effective ingredients to our perfumers for their use in creating winning solutions, winning fragrances for our customers, thereby providing a significant strategic benefit to our overall Fragrance business. We do not take decisions such as this lightly, as you know. But moving production to existing locations and further consolidating our manufacturing footprint will create synergies and improve operating efficiencies. Our decision is based on an ongoing business review and is one of several actions we will be taking to improve the competitiveness of our Fragrance Ingredients business. Turning to profitability. Our segment operating profit increased $12 million or 22% to $68 million in the first quarter. Modest decreases in raw material costs combined with residual pricing, volume and mix improvements as well as other costs and margin improvement initiatives more than offset increased RSA, resulting in a 280 basis-point segment margin improvement this quarter to 18.4% versus 15.5% in the prior year quarter. Although our margin this quarter benefited from modest input cost reduction, input costs remains at very high levels, and the margin improvement that we are seeing over the past 2 years is driven less by pricing and more by our strategic initiatives. Kevin will discuss this further later on in our presentation. In accordance with our strategic priorities, we have implemented many programs to improve the profitability of our portfolio and optimize our geographic footprint. During the quarter, we made a decision to close our fragrance facility in Jakarta, Indonesia, and transfer production to our new facility in Singapore, which is a state-of-the-art manufacturing plant. We also took action to strengthen our innovations platforms by announcing our multiyear collaboration with Amyris to develop and commercialize sustainable cost-effective Fragrance Ingredients. We are excited to strengthen our biotechnology platform and continue exploring additional opportunities that biotechnology offers. Looking ahead, in the second quarter of 2013, we expect we will benefit from new wins in Fine products [ph] and Beauty Care and Functional Fragrance, and we see continued sustained performance in our Fragrance Compounds category. We also expect to see some improvement in our Ingredient sales performance. I would now like to turn the call over to my colleague, Hernan Vaisman, our Group President of Flavors.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Nicolas. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Turning to our top line performance. In the first quarter, Flavors delivered local currency sales growth of 2%. Excluding the exit of low-margin sales activities, which includes sales in both savory and sweet, Flavors like-for-like growth would have been 6%. The 6% growth is consistent with our historical growth rate, and reflects strong new wins from our motivation tools. The first quarter also marked our 29th consecutive quarter of local currency sales growth and was supported by mid-single-digit like-for-like growth in every region. This quarter, we exited over 10 million on sales activities affecting both savory and sweet end-use categories. We expect to exit the same level of business in the second quarter of 2013 and after that, we are largely finished within this program. As a percentage of sales, we would expect the impact in the second quarter of exited sales to be approximately 3 percentage points. This quarter growth was supported by strong new wins, particularly those using some of our health and wellness motivation technologies, and we ended the quarter with a strong pipeline of new wins. Flavors and dairy are benefiting from these technologies, all contained in our FLAVORFIT brand umbrella, and much of our growth in these categories is being reinvigorated by our health and wellness programs. We also saw some momentum in our citrus toolbox offerings. Citrus is one of our biggest Flavors profiles in this Beverage category. In North America, like-for-like growth was 4% excluding the exit of low-margin sales activities. This best-performing category was Beverage, which was up strong single digits on local currency basis on account of strong new wins in the citrus area as well as increased volume of products using our citrus modulation tools. Within our EAME region, local currency growth was led by strong results in Western Europe, specifically Spain, Portugal and the U.K. with new business using natural flavoring as well as increased customers’ orders in Beverage and Savory. Greater Asia, which is our largest region, achieved 6% in local currency growth due to strength in Australasia, China and India. We saw strong growth in both Dairy and Savory. In Latin America, we saw strong growth in Beverage and Dairy. We recently won new business in the region, and we have a lot of new projects in the pipeline. We expect to have a stronger growth in Latin America in the quarters to come, and we're pleased that we are picking up momentum in this business. Turning to our profitability this quarter. This quarter, our segment profit improved 4% or $3 million to $83 million. The exit of low-margin sales activity contributed 60 basis points to our gross margin improvement. This quarter, we benefited from the favorable relationship between raw material costs and pricing, although our input prices remain at historically high levels. Kevin will talk more about it. The gross margin improvement more than offset increased RSA costs associated with R&D. For this first quarter, our segment operating margin improved 50 basis points to 23.3% versus the prior year of 22.8%. As we mentioned on our fourth quarter conference call, this quarter, we announced that we have entered in a preproduction phase to develop and scale up via a third-party [indiscernible] for commercial application through a cost-effective sustainable route. This collaboration with Evolva [ph] and is consistent with our strategy to strengthen our innovation platform. Also this quarter, we took several actions to consolidate our manufacturing footprint, improve efficiency and better meet our customers' changing needs. We made the decision to close our Fragrances plant in Sweden and transfer production to our plant in the Netherlands. We also announced the formal opening of our Flavors plant in Guangzhou, China, and we continue to build out our plant in Gebze, Turkey. We also continue to invest in commercial offices and satellite labs in Asia to better serve our customers in the region, with locations in Chengdu and Beijing now fully operational. For the second quarter, we expect to see improved top line growth, although our overall growth will still be impacted by the exit of low-margin sales activities for one final quarter. On a like-for-like basis, we expect to achieve mid- to high-single-digit growth fueled by broad-based geographic growth. Although it is still early in the second quarter, based on our orders in-house, we believe we are off to a very strong start. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Berryman, our CFO.
Kevin C. Berryman: Thank you, Hernan, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Turning to our summary quarterly results. Reported revenues for the first quarter totaled $728 million compared with $711 million in the prior year quarter or an increase of 2%. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, our local currency sales increased 3%. And on a like-for-like basis, which excludes the impact of the exit of low-margin sales activities in Flavors, our local currency sales growth was 4%. Our growth was again fueled by our geographic footprint in the emerging markets. Importantly, we continue to see momentum behind our Fine and Beauty Care, Functional and Flavors businesses. We collectively refer to this business as our Compounds business, which represents our total business excluding the internal sales of our Fragrance Ingredients. The growth momentum in the first quarter for the compound portion of our business remains quite healthy, even with some softness in Fine Fragrances. As Nicolas mentioned, we believe the short-term softness is due to the impact of the very strong fourth quarter sales we realized just last year. And as Nicolas previously noted on the call, Fine and Beauty Care growth in Q4 was 19% and was driven by strong growth in Fine Fragrances. Importantly, our consolidated compound like-for-like growth levels over the last 12 months have consistently remained at 6% or better and represented an annual growth over the last 12 months of 8%. We believe that this is an indication of our traction against our strategic initiatives of focusing on our advantaged positions, driving innovation into our portfolio and providing winning, value-added solutions to our customers. Adjusted gross margins this quarter improved 270 basis points to 42.9%, up from 40.2% in the prior year quarter. The improved performance was due to the impact of moderating input costs and the benefits of residual pricing, as well as an improved sales mix including the benefits of exiting lower-margin sales activities in Flavors, continued cost improvement initiatives and gains associated with our foreign currency hedging program. I will provide more detail on our trends in gross margins in a moment. These gross margin improvements more than offset increases in RSA due to higher compensation expenses, pensions and training costs and resulted in an adjusted operating profit improvement of 13% or plus $16 million to $139 million for the quarter. The adjusted operating profit improvement, combined with a lower effective tax rate due to the reinstatement of the U.S. R&D tax credits in 2013, resulted in adjusted EPS growth of 19% to $1.19 this quarter. Importantly to reiterate what Doug, Nicolas and Hernan have already noted, we recently took several proactive steps to ensure we maintain a cost-effective structure as part of our continuing efforts to drive efficiencies in all that we do. We will be initiating the closure of 3 facilities over the course of the next year, our Fragrance plant in Sweden, our Fragrances plant in Indonesia and our Fragrance Ingredients plant in Augusta, Georgia. In Q1, we recognized restructuring costs for Sweden and Indonesia, which totaled $1.2 million. Our closure of the Augusta plant is the most material and represents our commitment to ensuring our Fragrance Ingredients operations remain competitive longer term. Our Fragrances Ingredients plant closure will be a second quarter accounting event. To summarize the impact of this initiative, we expect to incur onetime costs of $6 million to $9 million, including personnel-related costs and plant shutdown and other related costs. We also expect to take a charge of $10 million to $12 million related to accelerated depreciation of 6 assets associated with the facilities. As for the phasing of the cost of savings, approximately $3 million to $4 million of these costs will be recorded in the second quarter, with the remainder expected to be recognized over the following 4 quarters. Once fully implemented by mid-2014, the plant closure is expected to generate savings of approximately $6 million to $8 million per year. Turning to our gross margins. With gross margin growing 270 basis points to 42.9% as noted earlier, this quarter, we again achieved improvements from the year-ago figure. We are pleased with our success in driving this margin improvement, but it certainly is important to understand what continues to be the fundamental driver in the improvement of this critical metric. As you know, our industry has seen substantial input cost increases over the last 2-plus years, resulting in input cost increases to IFF of approximately 14% in our raw materials, with an increase that was even more pronounced in Fragrances. The increased costs have had a significant impact on our gross margins in Q1 2013 versus pre-inflation levels. We estimate the negative impact on our margins from these cost increases to be roughly 400 basis points versus the pre-inflation level. As you also know, we have, as a necessity, been very active in implementing price increases over the 2011 and 2012 years to help offset the impact of these input cost increases. Importantly, the company has been able to effectively recover the absolute dollar costs through price increases, allowing us to recover nearly 250 basis points of that input cost pressure. While pricing was enough to recover the absolute increase in input costs, it was not enough to cover the full impact of input cost increases on gross margins. The net effect is that our gross margin still remains pressured by 170 basis points in the current quarter versus the pre-inflation period prior to the run-up in raw material costs. This drag on our margin is shown by the red bar on the chart. As a result, the improvement that we are now seeing in gross margins is less about the net impact of pricing and input costs and more about our strategic initiatives. The improvement is effectively being driven by our strategic plans and the disciplined execution of same. Our strategy to accelerate our innovation, drive efficiencies in all that we do in 6 underperforming assets while focusing on our advantage positions has translated into strong improvement in our gross margins. In fact, these efforts have resulted in 330 basis points of improvement as can be seen on the green bar on the chart. Importantly, these actions have more than offset the net 170 basis-point pressure from input costs and pricing and have resulted in the company realizing an overall increase of 160 basis points over the last 3 years since before the input costs inflation began. You can see why we are pleased regarding the execution of our strategy, as our margin progression ensures that we will be able to continue to make investments in R&D and other business-building initiatives, all to drive our growth plans into the future. Turning to RSA cost. This quarter, RSA expense as a percentage of sales increased 100 basis points to 23.9%, up from 22.9% of sales in the prior year quarter. The higher RSA reflects higher compensation expense, incentive compensation accruals, pension cost, increases related to our deferred compensation plan program and training. In addition, spending on key R&D initiatives showed double-digit growth this quarter, consistent with our strategy investing in those opportunities, which we believe can deliver the greatest incremental value to IFF. IFF's R&D spending remains an important focus area for the company. Turning to foreign currency impacts. Foreign currency translation this quarter had a limited impact on our reported sales growth. However, as a result of our hedging activities, foreign currency had a 40-basis point favorable impact on our gross margin, thereby contributing to our $0.19 EPS improvement. Again, to remind you, in 2013, we remain nearly 80% hedged against the euro at levels that approximate $1.29, effectively consistent with the average exchange rate levels for the full year 2012. Turning to our cash flow. Our cash flow from operations for the 3 months ended March 31, 2013, was $19 million, or $34 million lower than the prior year quarter. The decrease this quarter primarily reflects higher year-over-year incentive compensation payments, as last year's incentive payments in Q1 2012 were abnormally low. In addition, we also made additional pension contributions in the U.S. These incremental outlays were offset in part by an improvement in the cash flow versus last year in core working capital of $7 million and increased net income due to our improved operating performance in the first quarter 2013 versus the year ago period. As you may know, our Q1 cash flow is historically our lowest cash-generative quarter, and the results in Q1 of this year indicate solid cash flows as compared to historical levels. It is worth noting that we paid out our normal fourth quarter dividend in late December as opposed to early January, so our net cash flow in Q1 also benefited from not having this normal outflow during the first quarter. Finally, turning to our capital structure. During the quarter, we began implementing our share buyback program by buying back approximately 200,000 shares at an average price of $70 a share. As you know, we announced the $250 million share buyback program at the end of last year as a way of providing value to our shareholders. After the quarter end, we also successfully executed a $300 million bond offering in the public markets. This 10-year senior note carries a rate of 3.2%, and this was our first public offering in more than 10 years. By issuing this bond, it has enabled us to take advantage of attractive rates while diversifying our sources of funding as well as our investor base. We also maintained our quarterly dividend at $0.34. And per our normal course of action, we will be evaluating our dividend payout in our July meeting when we will decide on future actions relative to dividend increases. In summary, before handing it back over to Doug, we ended the year with increased optimism and see many areas of the business positioned for future growth and profitability. Here are some key takeaways. First, we delivered solid top line growth led by new wins owing in part to our innovations and to our expanded quarter’s participation. Our growth this quarter was supported by 9% growth in the emerging markets as we continue to grow with our customers in the developed markets. Our ability to anticipate consumer preferences with innovative products such as those using our sweetness and sodium modulation tools in Flavors or those using our encapsulation technology and Fragrances were critical drivers to our new-win successes. Our diversification with regards to categories, products and customers provides us with ongoing stability and supports our growth. Our compound growth in the quarter of 6%, combined with our latest 4 quarters trailing growth of 8%, indicates the continued momentum in this portion of our business. We also made investments in our future growth as evidenced by our recent announcement of our multiyear collaboration with Amyris to develop and commercialize sustainable ingredients. Second, we improved our gross margins again this quarter, owing to moderating raw material costs, residual benefits of previously taken pricing, innovation and improved product mix and cost reductions. Over the last few years, our ability to protect and expand our margins has been less about the net impact of pricing and input costs and more about our efforts to maximize our portfolio. Importantly, the improved margin profile enables us to strategically invest in innovation and business-building initiatives such as those involving Evolva and Amyris. Third, we are looking to continue to leverage our geographic presence. We are in the process of building out our facility in Gebze, Turkey. And this quarter we announced the formal opening of our plant in Guangzhou, China, which we expect to commence commercial production in the third quarter of 2013. In addition, satellite labs and creative centers that have opened in the last 12 months include Chengdu and Beijing in China and Delhi in India. We believe we are very well positioned for the near and longer terms and continue to execute on our plans. Fourth, we are taking continued action to consolidate our manufacturing footprint and realize operating efficiencies, and we have recently decided to close 3 plants including our Fragrance Ingredients plant in Augusta, Georgia. Fifth, we have made changes to our capital structure to provide us with ample liquidity and added financial flexibility, while continuing to return cash to shareholders both through a share repurchase program and quarterly dividend payment. Clearly, a lot is happening at IFF and all of it is about driving our strategic agenda forward. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Doug for his outlook on 2013.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Nicolas, Hernan and Kevin. We are pleased with the progress we have made over the past few years in driving growth across both businesses based on our innovations and our capable teams. The diverse and stable nature of our business, combined with our customer intimacy and consumer insights, enabled us to deliver solid results again this quarter. We feel confident that based on the diversification in terms of our portfolio, geographies and customers, we will continue to expand our presence along with our customers and continue to achieve solid growth. The accelerated momentum we see in the Flavor and Fragrance Compounds business is fueled by the strategic investments we have made in the emerging markets over many years, combined with our ability to provide customers with products that meet or surpass consumer expectations, and potentially lead to market share growth for both our customers and for us. We are committed to driving the business for long term, creating new and innovative products that will appeal to customers, consumers all around the world and collaborating with global and local customers to bring these products to market. We continued to execute on our 3 strategic pillars, which are helping us to chart our growth. At the same time, we are focused on our performance and making sure we produce strong results. Our outlook for the full year 2013 is to deliver growth and profitability in line with our long-term targets. We believe we will be able to deliver these results based on our current view of the environment and our performance within it. In addition, our R&D pipeline should provide us with longer-term growth, while also providing us with sustainable cost-effective raw materials that give us the competitive edge, enable us to grow our gross margin. For the second quarter of 2013, we expect to see improved local currency sales growth in Flavors, even though we will continue to be impacted by the continued exit of low-margin sales activities. In Fragrances, we expect momentum to increase in Fine and Beauty Care and maintain our solid growth in Functional. While we expect to see improved volume trends in Ingredients for the full year, we still expect year-over-year declines in the second quarter. Of note, notwithstanding Fragrance Ingredients sales softness centered on high volume and low-cost items, we expect to maintain Fragrance Ingredients margins. We have a committed and a dedicated group of people whose mission is to see the company succeed. We are pushing ahead to meet our internal financial objectives and expect to be able to deliver top line growth in line with our long-term targets due to our diversity and our ability to provide value to customers year after year in every region. In conclusion, we believe our strong performance at IFF this quarter is the result of our geographic footprint, our product diversity and our ability to work with our customers to develop new products that will help shape the industry and delight consumers. We believe we are very well positioned in the market and we plan to continue to selectively invest in those areas where we see the most growth. We are investing in the future, making daily changes to advance the business. We will continue to proactively manage our performance and calibrate costs in line with our top line growth as we continue to execute against our business plans. We will continue to focus on excellence in the execution of our strategies. Before we take your questions, I wanted to mention that we are gearing up for our 2013 Investor Day, which will be held on Wednesday, June 5, in New York from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m.. If you've already received an invitation, please access the online registration site and sign up by the end of the month. If you have not received an invitation and you are interested in attending, please reach out to Shelley Young and let her know of your interest. The theme of this year's event is innovation, and we will be showcasing some of our leading technologies and providing you with an update on our 3 strategic pillars. We hope you can make it, and we look forward to seeing our IFF analysts, investors and prospective investors at the New York event. Thank you for your attendance and for your participation. I will now open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first response is from Mark Astrachan of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess a couple questions to try to clarify and sort of get some thoughts around the outlook. One is just trying to understand the confidence in the second quarter sales improvement, including how much is pulled forward into the fourth quarter or pushed out into the second quarter this year in terms of just overall puts and takes on what the number was in the first quarter, including maybe some comments on what's going on with new wins or existing business. And then secondly a bit of a longer-term point of view, EBIT and EPS outlook, what is the full benefit from the facility rationalization that you've talked about so far, the 3 facilities? I guess in particular the Sweden and Indonesian pieces, and now the Augusta, Georgia, benefit from an EBIT standpoint. So what's the incremental for those 2? And then on the clarification, does several actions within ingredients specifically mean there's more to come in that specific business?
Douglas D. Tough: Okay, Mark. You have got several questions in there. Let me start to talk to a couple of them. And then I'll ask [indiscernible] Hernan, Nicolas to talk to volume and Kevin with the question on rationalization benefits. Certainly, on the volume, you'll know we almost always see a certain degree of lumpiness in the results. And I think Nicolas pointing out that the 19% performance in Fine Fragrance in the previous quarter was an indication of extremely solid results then offset by weaker results now. So when they, in the moment, talk about the volume performance in the outlook for Q2 and beyond -- I'll let them address specific wins, specific commercial results and so forth. But certainly as it relates to this quarter and in particular, we have a good line of sight on order book results and on both the results of the wins and then the forward orders. And it's an encouraging picture, which is why we elaborated the way we did on the outlook for Q2. Only because it might come up elsewhere, but in the context of the Fragrance Ingredients issues, we have had a comprehensive review with our Board of Directors. There are several opportunity areas to improve the business. We will be advising the marketplace as and when we are ready to commit to those. But certainly, the first one we've done was the announcement on Augusta. And you're correct in assuming there might be more there, but we won't be talking about that today. And I'll come back to the volume discussion now and the projections and start with Hernan as it looks to Flavors in Q2 and beyond.
Hernan Vaisman: Hi, Mark, this is Hernan speaking. Regarding why we are confident in Q2 is basically we have a visibility in our orders in-house. Because the high volumes coming, truly because we placed some orders starting in the first quarter, but also because we have a big wins in some regions that we will be launching in the quarter. So basically, that's why we are confident, firstly, the wins that is going to impact. And then secondly, we have some order issues and order -- particular order issues in the first quarter and now is correcting in the second quarter.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mark, it's Nicolas. Regarding pretty similar comments regarding Q2, where we're seeing we have very, very strong pipeline of new wins that already started in Q1, and looking at the way that the quarter has started and the order in-house, we believe that we have good momentum going on. Regarding your questions of pushing and pulling versus the different quarters and the customer dynamics, obviously if you had the Q4 performance in Fine & Beauty of 19 plus 4% in Q1, that's about 11% growth over the 2 quarters. And we know that the Christmas season was positive but probably not as a strong as expected, therefore, it's impacting our intake. But it is fair to say that North America is probably not as strong, starting the year not as strong as we could have expected in terms of consumer trends. But as far as new wins participation and pipeline of new projects, it remains very strong. And if you add new wins in Q1 we’re above historical levels.
Kevin C. Berryman: Mark, this is Kevin. I'll follow up on one quick comment on the volume and then talk about the restructuring question that you had. The only other point to add to what's already been said is that in Q1, our win rates were actually quite strong. So our growth associated with new business offset by any losses that we might have had was actually near strong levels, and not necessarily at historical levels but very strong. So if there was any weakness in Q1, it was relative to some of the erosion that we saw in our business. So underlying the growth outlook going forward is a continued momentum in terms of that win performance. So that's one comment. On your second question on the ingredients -- excuse me, on the restructurings or closures of the additional plants, we already talked to the benefits associated with the Fragrance Ingredients effort. We do have the other 2 plants. We expect that the savings associated with those plants will, once that's fully instituted, probably be $4 million plus or thereabouts. We'll start to see some of that this year because the timing that we'll be facing over the second half of the year. However, I would say that will largely be offset this year because at the same time, we'll be ramping of our facility, our new facility in Guangzhou, China, which is the new Flavors facility. So that's probably a net loss roughly speaking in 2013 in the back half. So I think we'll start to see those benefits in 2014 and beyond for Sweden and Indonesia in Fragrance.
Operator: Your next response is from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was hoping you could give a little more color first on where you stand on the work to migrate Ingredients business from Ingredients into Compounds. It doesn't feel there was much of that in the current period. And then thinking through it again, I would think it probably takes more than – it’ll be a perfect match between Ingredients, losing Ingredients business, and getting that to flow through to Compounds. So could you talk a little bit about that?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, it's Nicolas. Lauren, you are right. It takes some time for the migration to occur. And then the migration, from the visibility that we have, will occur in Q2, so we will see that migration from one part of our business to the other. It will be progressive. So we have not seen that benefit yet, and it will come later in the year.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just following up on all the comments you all just shared on the volumes and answering the first question. It is a little -- comparisons get a lot more difficult in the back half of this year. And so I just wanted to make sure I'm hearing it clearly that when you talk about the run rate of the business and kind of, I think Kevin, you said you had 7% or 8% run rate for the Fragrance Compounds business that, that you think is indicative of where things stand this quarter, a bit of an operation deceleration. But even versus tougher comps in the second half, that should be sustainable?
Kevin C. Berryman: Lauren, this is Kevin. If you think about the outlook that Doug has provided in terms of the full year, at the end of the day, we're thinking we’re going to be able to deliver against our long-term financial target of 4 to 6, and we're comfortable with that. So by definition, that translates into us having to have incremental performance in the back 3 quarters of the year relative to our start at 3%. So I think that remember, our 4 to 6 has always been including the exit of low-margin business. So we said we would hit our long-term targets even with those exits, the impact of the exits. So the fact that we're at 3% in Q1 I just won’t indicate we're going to have to see some improvement in the back 3 quarters.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great, perfect. And then my final thing, sorry, the partnership with Amyris, I was just curious because I believe from Minex [ph] who also put out a press release earlier this year about having a similar relationship. Or at least the way press release read, it was kind of similar. So if you're able to kind of offer any color around what’s different with what you're doing versus your understanding of what competition is doing, what would be exclusive, what wouldn't be and so on?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, it's Nicolas again. In this type of collaboration and partnership, it's really linked to your own portfolio. And so everybody's really developing different agreement regarding their different portfolio, their strengths, unique complementary expertise from both the company we’re partnering with and with ours. So they are very, very specific to what we do, what we can for and our existing portfolio, which is different as you know, in ingredients. We don't compete with our key competitors on the same portfolio. We are not competing against them. Therefore, it's very, very specific to what we do and probably -- I’m not aware of their [indiscernible] but what they are doing on their side is indicative to their portfolio.
Operator: Your next response is from Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Silke Kueck for Jeff. I was wondering whether you could clarify like what percentage of the Ingredients business of the Augusta plant represents? My recollection is that wasn’t a particularly large plant servicing the Ingredient business. And my -- I have 2 follow-up questions. I was also wondering what you thought about the sustainability of the Fragrance margins in the second quarter and for the year. Because seeing some bigger margins that are -- these are much higher margins than I would have expected. I know you’ve commented on ingredients, but not on the Fragrance business as a whole. And lastly on the Amyris question, I was wondering whether you could just talk about what applications you are working on with Amyris, whether this is for Fine Fragrance applications or Functional. Maybe you could just give a little bit more detail, if you wouldn't mind.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Yes. I will start with your last question -- it's Nicolas, regarding Amyris. One thing which is really critical to underscore and the strengths or the critical importance of ingredients to us, that usually you can use one ingredient across all categories. So whatever progress improvement, cost effectiveness you can gain or even access to more a longer-term source of supply really benefits not only your ingredients but it benefits your compound business. And that's why for us to be vertically integrated has significant benefit to our business, enabling us to win more business and to support the growth that we are making. So that's why Amyris, it's really broad-based in terms of the impact in our business. Regarding other stuff, we don't disclose the relative importance of our plants, so we cannot provide that detail. And regarding also the quality of the margin, I think it's important to recognize that our focus has been in terms of the margin protection, margin improvement as you saw for the last quarters, and also as a result of our greater focus and emphasis on the economic profitability, we’re really asking the team to focus on every part of the business that can improve our position. And as Kevin was talking about, the majority of our improvement came from this margin improvement, efficiencies in the business to help to regain some of the margin pressure that we are facing.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So the way I take this answer is just that you hope to sustain these margins, yes?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Yes.
Douglas D. Tough: Yes. I mean, I think it's important to understand some of the elements that Nicolas talked about is the wins, the briefs [ph] we're going after, the target margins we've set, the basis for innovation and a number of other internal productivity moves that have all contributed more to the margin improvement than did the pricing recovery. So the focus of that group is very much on margin preservation enhancement and increasing.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That is helpful.
Operator: Your next response is from John Roberts from UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You started with the strength in the emerging markets. Would you hazard a guess as to what percent of your sales now are to developed markets? Did the customers re-export their products to the emerging markets?
Kevin C. Berryman: We don't have an exact read on that. But if you look at it on an overall basis, the emerging markets represent 49% of our overall sales. Now included in that figure is the fact that ingredients, our Fragrance Ingredients business, is actually 80-20 the other way or 80-20 focused on development -- developed markets. Certainly, some of that is going to the emerging markets, but we don't have a good ability to really indicate what that is. So probably at the end of the day, that means more than 50% of our business is supporting emerging market business, but we don't have the clarity as it relates to what that number actually is.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: And John, if I can maybe augment the comments regarding compounds, we say that now we are at 54% of our Compound sales in emerging markets. And there is one category which is more global, which is Fine Fragrance, for which you really would typically capture sales in North America and Europe. But you know that these products are then reexported to the rest of the world. Most of the other categories are manufactured locally and regionally. So if you think about fine fragrance now being reexported, our share of emerging market would be greater than 54%.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then secondly, a follow-up on the Flavor side. I’ve seen a few specialty chemical companies recently talk about their specialty food and ingredients businesses. I am not talking about bulk ingredients, but the specialty additives in food, and they're looking to build out. Would you benefit or do you think you could create value by partnering in the food ingredient area beyond Flavors?
Hernan Vaisman: Well, we -- this is Hernan. We're always looking to enhance our portfolio. I don't know exactly what you mean by putting in and which type of food ingredients. But definitely, we have some partnership with some including ingredients varieties to help us to formulate better flavors.
John Roberts - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You're actually pretty narrow in Flavors, right? I mean, you're just talking about your work with other companies. You don't have anything formally in terms of a JV outside of the Flavors area?
Hernan Vaisman: In fact, we have, we have many. But we usually for a strategic point of view, we are not disclosing that. But we have several partnerships with different companies to really enhance our portfolio.
Douglas D. Tough: John, I think there's a broader question here. And it's really if you look at what we're doing with Evolva and Amyris, we will be increasing a focus on external partnership and opportunities. So through our innovation or beneficial commercial opportunities perhaps in fragrance -- flavor ingredients, perhaps in other categories, the company would have an interest in those.
Operator: Your next response is from Edward Yang of Oppenheimer.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Are any customers asking for price concessions now that raw materials are declining? I know in the past, your pricing was relatively fixed once you were placed within the product. Or are you -- are they asking for any volume discounts?
Douglas D. Tough: Well, I think the answer, we'll always be having conversations with customers about whether we need a price increase or they’re looking at opportunities in the context of a benign cost of goods environment or opportunities to perhaps renegotiate things with us, so that's an ongoing phenomena. But I think that Kevin touched upon it I think really well in one of the slides was that we still are not fully recovered all that we had from the standpoint of our cost increases. So in some cases with customers, we continue to have dialogue surrounding getting that price increases to help us recover our margins.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And Doug, you mentioned Kevin’s comments on, you said you’ve effectively recovered absolute cost increases, but you still have about 170 basis points in gross margin to recover. So are you think about it from a gross margin percentage standpoint, are you basically done in terms of looking at the absolute cost increases?
Douglas D. Tough: It's the former, trying to regain the margins we had.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And Nicolas talked about the Christmas impact on Fine Fragrance, and that was offset by some of the new wins that you’ve had. Typically, what's the volume overhang after Christmas like we did? Are you satisfied that the inventory levels are now back to levels that won’t be a headwind?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I think we are looking at really the 2 quarters together and we know that the market did not grow at 19% in Q4. I think the market was a more modest growth of maybe 3%, 4%. Therefore, also reported by lot of new activities. We had a very, very strong new win pipeline last year. So a lot of the effort to promote these new launches at Christmas. So that affected obviously our volume intake in Q1. But what I said earlier, our pipeline of new wins and the benefit that we saw in Q1 going into Q2 gave us good perspective on the business moving forward. If you are comparing about those 2 inventory level compared to 2 years ago, I think that the industry has learned a lot at everything, all level of the supply chain, and we’re not seeing the same pressure that we have or exposure 2 years ago than today. So the inventory period, what is in the trade is father than it was 2 years ago.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And just the tax rate, is 24% good for the rest of the year?
Kevin C. Berryman: This is Kevin. Really the benefits associated with the tax rate were associated with the carryover R&D tax credit. As you may recall, our friends in Washington finally decided on implementing the 2012 push under the R&D tax credit after the end of the year. I think it was at 12:15 or something in the morning on January 1. So effectively, the reduction in the tax rate for the first quarter is really recognizing the full year benefit of 2012 R&D tax credit in Q1 2013. The more normalized figure should be when you’re thinking about the balance of the year, 26% to 26.5%, perhaps a little higher in terms of the tax rate.
Operator: We have a follow-up from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just quickly, I want to make sure I thoroughly understood. I think you guys talked about ingredients, obviously it would still be down in Q2, but at more moderate rate of decline. And then did you say up for the full year?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: No.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: No, okay.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, this is Nicolas. I think that your perception on Q2 is accurate, but it's not -- it's -- we should not expect any positive growth ingredients for the year.
Operator: There are no further responses in the queue at this time.
Douglas D. Tough: Well, thank you, all, for participating on the call today. And we look forward to seeing you at the Investor Day if you make it on June 5 in New York. Thank you. Or we'll see you in our Q2 call in early August.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelley Young - Director of Investor Relations Douglas D. Tough - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President of Fragrances and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer Hernan Vaisman - Group President of Flavors and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer Kevin C. Berryman - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Shelley Young, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Shelley Young: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to IFF's fourth quarter and full year 2012 conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our fourth quarter and full year 2012 financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our website at ir.iff.biz. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay for up to 1 year on our website. Before turning the call over to Doug Tough and our senior management team, I'd like to read our forward-looking statement. Please keep in mind that during this call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to the fourth quarter and full year 2012 and our outlook for 2013. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our forward-looking statements and risk factors contained in our 2011 10-K filed on February 28, 2012, and the press release filed this morning, all of which are available on our website. Today's presentation will include non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued earlier today and on our website. For those of you who are new to our conference calls, I'd like to introduce the participants on today's call. With me on the call is Doug Tough, our Chairman and CEO; Nicolas Mirzayantz, our President of Fragrances; Hernan Vaisman, our President of Flavors; and Kevin Berryman, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Doug Tough.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Shelley, and good morning and good afternoon to everyone. Our focus on the call this morning is to provide an overview of our fourth quarter and full year operating performance, give you an update on our strategy, take you through a review of each of our business units and provide our current outlook on 2013. After the prepared remarks, we will leave time for your questions. Turning to the fourth quarter. We achieved local currency sales growth of 8%, which continues the accelerating growth momentum we have seen in each quarter this year. If we exclude the impact of the exit of low-margin Flavors businesses to get a more consistent year-over-year comparison, then on a like-for-like basis, we achieved 10% growth, which is the highest we have achieved since the third quarter of 2010. This broad-based growth across all categories and regions was due to strong new customer wins in both business units, as well as growth in our base business, owing to our ability to create consumer-preferred flavors and fragrances. Once again, our growth was buoyed by double-digit growth of 11% in the emerging markets, which accounted for 49% of sales in this quarter, up from 47% last year, as well as 6% growth in the developed markets. If we exclude the impact of the exit of low-margin Flavors business to get a more consistent year-over-year comparison, then on a like-for-like basis, we achieved 10% growth, making this the highest performance we have achieved since Q3 of 2010. Looking at our growth by business unit. Our Fragrance business delivered 13% growth this quarter, and our Flavors segment achieved 7% like-for-like growth. Our top line performance says a lot about the progress we have made this year, in finding new and better ways to serve our customers and provide them with innovative products that are desired by consumers all around the world. Our ability to deliver strong top line performance demonstrates the diversity of our global organization, our ability to work with regional and global customers and our continued focus on innovation. Importantly, our gross margin performance increased 430 basis points over the year-ago quarter. This reflects our strong volume growth, increased manufacturing leverage and volume gains, as well as portfolio optimization through the exit of low-margin Flavors sales activities. In addition, this quarter, the net positive impact of price in relation to input costs resulted in margin expansion. Raw material costs, however, remain at historically high levels, and on a year-to-year -- year-to-date basis, are up nearly 4%, and over the past 2 years, they are up 14%. The strong top line performance also allowed us to achieve an adjusted operating profit growth of $8 million or 9% and adjusted EPS growth of 12% this quarter to $0.83 per share. Our local currency sales, operating profit and EPS growth are in line with our long-term growth target. Importantly, the strong top line growth we achieved in the fourth quarter of 2012 enabled us to meet our long-term local currency sales growth targets for 2012. Looking at our total performance for the full year 2012 and on a 2-year and 3-year average to reflect long-term trends. We have achieved our top line growth targets of 4% to 6% for the consolidated company on a 1-year, 2-year and 3-year average basis. Total company growth was supported by solid performance from Flavors, despite the impact of discontinued sales activities and strong growth from Fragrance Compounds. On a 3 year-average basis, which combines our strong performance in 2010 with more modest performance levels in 2011 and '12, our 3-year average growth is 8% for both Flavors and Fragrance Compounds. Fragrance Ingredients growth has been pressured over the last few years and has had a negative impact on the Fragrance business and on our total top line performance. Still, on a 3-year basis, our Fragrance business achieved 6% local currency growth. Before turning the call over to Nicolas and Hernan, who will provide you with an update on the progress of the Fragrances and Flavors business units, respectively, I would like to provide some perspective on the progress we have made in executing our strategic priorities. We have a clearly articulated corporate strategy, and we are focused on driving the business forward using 3 guiding strategic pillars. Firstly, we want to accelerate our growth in the emerging markets by expanding our manufacturing footprint, increasing our understanding of local customers and providing technical expertise to markets outside the United States. Secondly, we want to strengthen our innovation platform to drive profitable growth by focusing on consumer trends, commercializing new ideas and products, and working with biotechnology firms to create sustainable products. And thirdly, we look to maximize our product portfolio to improve returns to our shareholders. We do this by focusing on margin-enhancing opportunities and by consistently analyzing and monitoring categories and looking for opportunities to increase profitability-enhanced returns. As a global company, over 75% of our sales are from outside the United States. IFF has had a presence in many of the emerging markets for over 50 years. We are well-indexed in emerging markets, and continue to invest in manufacturing capacity and creative applications and sales offices in these markets to better serve global and local customers in the regions. As a result, we have benefited from the growth that is coming from providing consumer products to the global population that can now afford to buy consumer packaged goods. Our sales in the emerging markets grew 8% in 2012, and for the full year, now represent 40% -- 47% of our global sales, up from 46% last year. To align our infrastructure to support our projected capacity requirements, in September of last year, we opened a new liquid Flavors and Fragrances facility in Singapore, and we expect to complete construction on our Flavors-dedicated facility in Guangzhou, China in the first half of 2013. In June, we opened a new facility in Delhi, India to house creative, technical, sensory and sales professionals for the company's Flavors business unit. These investments underscore our long-term belief in the region, as well as the strength of our local IFF teams. We also announced a $50 million investment to expand our facility in Gebze, Turkey, which will serve the growing markets of Southeast and Central Europe and Africa. We expect the first phase of the expansion will be completed in the first half of 2013. Through these investments, we have been able to optimize our manufacturing footprint, collaborate with our customers on a more global basis and grow with our customers in the emerging markets. Strengthening our innovation platform continues to be most critical for future success. Innovation is a key growth driver and cultural imperative for IFF. Throughout our history, IFF's patented technologies and captive molecules have been game-changers for us, our customers and the industry. This year, we aligned our innovation programs around key R&D platforms, each of which addresses a consumer need or anticipates a future preference. By aligning our resources around these platforms, each program is ensured the proper support and focus that it needs so it can be further developed and eventually be accepted for commercial application. We have a robust pipeline of new R&D products, and we are working to make each of them commercially viable, either through our own internal R&D efforts or working with partners who specialize in these areas. We issued a press release earlier this week on the successful outcome with an outside partner, Evolva Holding, in the preproduction and scale-up of a natural, sustainable vanillin through a biosynthetic route. Vanillin is a key flavor ingredient in many food products, so a dependable source should be welcomed by our customers. Hernan will be telling you more about this joint development project. The Scientific Advisory Board, announced in early 2012, has been fully active for 1 year. The Board is comprised of 5 scientific talents and are well-respected experts in their fields. They provide regular reviews of our ongoing initiatives and guide our development efforts. They have proven to be a very active and engaged Board, and their insights, to date, for us, have been invaluable. Focusing internally, we continue to look for ways to improve returns with rigorous economic value analysis, by evaluating resource allocation by category, by customer and by region, across both of our businesses, thereby appropriately aligning resources behind our advantaged portfolio and reducing the cost associated with our negative economic profit businesses. This year, we implemented the realignment of our Functional Fragrance business to strengthen our ability to win new customers and business, expedite decision-making and continue to deliver preferred customer fragrances. We also exited approximately $28 million of low-margin sales activities in our Flavors business, which resulted in gross margin expansion, both for Flavors and for the total consolidated company. We have ingrained the concept of economic profit throughout the organization, which is helping to drive better resource allocation. By focusing on those areas that are most profitable to IFF, we believe we will increase the company's profitability and better align resources with appropriate programs. I will now turn the call over to Nicolas and Hernan, who will provide you with an update on the progress of our business units during the quarter and for the full year, and then to Kevin Berryman, our CFO, who will provide an overview of our financial performance. After their respective sections, I will give you some perspective on the outlook for 2013. And with that, I would like to introduce Group President of Fragrances, Nicolas Mirzayantz.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Doug, and good morning and afternoon, everyone. Fragrance performance was very strong in the fourth quarter, with double-digit sales growth and improving profits. Due to record-breaking new wins in Fragrance Compounds, including Fine & Beauty Care and Functional Fragrance, combined with a strong underlying growth in the base business, fourth quarter reported sales increased 10%. Excluding the impact of local currency, Fragrance growth was 13% and was the highest local currency sales growth we have achieved in any quarter, since the third quarter of 2010. In line with our strategy of leveraging our geographic reach, 53% of our fourth quarter Fragrance Compound sales were from the emerging markets, which grew at 17%. Brazil continues to be one of our leading markets and had a strong double-digit growth this year. Excluding Ingredients, Fragrance Compounds grew 15% this quarter, due to strong growth in every region led by Latin America. Globally, we have strengthened our [indiscernible] participation and are very well-positioned for new business growth. Our innovation platforms, including our encapsulation technology, drove double-digit growth this quarter in Fabric Care. We were a pioneer in developing this technology, and continue to strengthen our leadership by leading the charge in term of exploring new application for its use. We are working with our customers to introduce encapsulation in other categories and regions. In total, products using our encapsulation technology had double-digit growth this quarter, and we have a very strong pipeline of new wins. Our Fine & Beauty Care category, which includes Fine Fragrance, Toiletries and Hair Care, grew by 19% this quarter, driven by strong growth in Latin America, North America and EAME. Fine Fragrance had double-digit growth due to continued success in driving new launches in Latin America, North America and Europe, including Lancome, La Vie Est Belle, Bath & Body Works, Cashmere Glow and [indiscernible]. Both Toiletries and Hair Care had also double-digit growth and contributed to overall strong performance. Our Functional Fragrance sales grew by 12% this quarter. This was our 18th consecutive growth quarter in Functional Fragrance, led by double-digit growth in Greater Asia and Lat Am, and double-digit growth in Fabric Care in Europe. Turning to Fragrance Ingredients, which has been challenged this year. We saw positive growth of 6% due to short-term customer order patterns. We expect that Fragrance Ingredients top line will continue to be pressured, especially in high-volume commodity products, continuing the trend we have seen on our external portfolio, which now accounts for just under 10% of total company sales. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect to see some Fragrance Ingredients volume migrate to Compounds during 2013, which will be a higher value add for our customers. We were able to retain this business due to our vertical integration and unique expertise in providing both security of supply and sustainable solution that support our customers' growth objective. We expect the migration of this Ingredients volume to Compounds to put significant pressure on our Ingredients top line growth in 2013. As we've said in the past, Ingredients is a strategic business for us, and we will continue to invest in this business, especially in higher-value specialty chemical area, while at the same time, ensuring that we maintain a cost-effective portfolio, particularly in the price-sensitive commodity components. Turning to the full year. The Fragrance business grew by 3%. Our Compound business grew by 7% with equal contributions from both Fine & Beauty Care and Functional Fragrance due to a platform of innovation and our ability to proactively provide our customers with solutions, based on the strength of our creative consumer insight and research and development teams. The Fragrance business contributed to the consolidated company's ability to deliver sales growth in line with our growth targets for the third year in a row. Importantly, the emerging markets accounted for 51% of our full year Fragrance Compounds sales, which exclude Fragrance Ingredients. It is worth noting that 2012 was another record year for fragrance, and we have achieved very solid momentum in many areas of the business. From a profitability standpoint, segment operating profit increased $60 million or 44%, to $53 million in the fourth quarter, from $37 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. As you know, our raw material costs have significantly increased for the last 8 quarters, up 14% for the consolidated company and even more for Fragrances. Today, they remain near historical levels. To protect our bottom line, we initiated both external and internal actions, including price increases, operational and commercial restructurings and numerous other efficiency programs. Despite these efforts, the net impact of rising material costs have negatively impacted our margins. In Q4 2012, we realized our first reduction in raw material costs, and also the decline was small when combined with strong volume growth and improved mix of business, efficiency savings and pricing; our operating margins increased this quarter. Turning to the full year. Fragrances generated segment profit of $238 million or an increase of $11 million, compared with $227 million in 2011. Looking ahead, we are very encouraged by the strong new level of wins or increased [indiscernible] participation and the strength of our existing volume, but are expecting a more moderate level of growth in the first quarter of 2013. As for Fragrance Ingredients, in the first quarter of 2013, we expect top line growth to remain under pressure, especially in the high-volume commodity area. I would like now to turn the call over to my colleague, Hernan Vaisman, our President of Flavors.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Nicolas. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Flavors had a nice quarter of growth, marking our 28th consecutive quarter of local currency sales growth. On a like-for-like basis, which excludes the impact of exiting low-margin sales activities, we generated a strong local currency sales growth of 7%. Our growth this quarter was reduced by 3.5 percentage points, due to the exit of low-margin sales activities. Although this put continued pressure on our top line growth, it had a favorable impact on gross margin for both Flavors and for the total company, and has helped us to improve the profitability of our overall portfolio, in line with our strategy. This quarter, our performance was supported by strong growth in North America, which delivered like-for-like local currency sales growth of nearly 15%, as well as strength in emerging markets. Greater Asia, Latin America and EAME delivered solid growth this quarter. Our like-for-like growth in North America of 15% was, once again, led by double-digit growth in Beverage. In EAME, we grew by 6% due to moderate growth in Beverage and Savory. Greater Asia, our largest region, delivered 5% like-for-like local currency sales growth, led by double-digit growth in Dairy and high single-digit growth in Savory. In Latin America, local currency growth on a like-for-like basis was 6%, led by double-digit growth in Beverage and positive growth in Savory. We continue to make progress in this region, working with our regional customers to improve sales momentum in Latin America. Turning to the full year. We delivered strong local currency sales growth of 8% on a like-for-like basis. This marks our third consecutive year of high single-digit sales growth, contributing to the consolidated company's ability to deliver growth in line with our stated consolidated growth target of 4% to 6%. Flavors growth was supported by increased traction from product use in our sweetness modulation and masking technologies. The use of innovative technologies help our customer create products that stood out in their markets. Early this week, we announced the next phase of our relationship with Evolva. We are entering the preproduction phase to develop and scale-up, via third party, a natural vanillin for commercial application through a cost-effective natural and sustainable growth. We are very pleased with our partnership and believe that the program with Evolva will increase the availability and sustainability of vanillin, which is a key flavor ingredient in many food products. We continue to work with R&D and creative teams to commercialize products that will provide us with a competitive edge in the market. We believe we have found such a product in our collaboration with Evolva. I would like to add a final word on the managed exit of our low-margin sales activities. As we have noted, we expected the financial impact of these efforts to be done by the first half of 2013. As a result, we will expect that our sales growth in the second half of the year will be stronger than the first half of the year, due to the elimination of this impact. It should be noted that even with the impact of the discontinued sales, we are showing consistent solid growth levels due to the underlying strength in the portfolio. Turning to our profitability this quarter. As Nicolas mentioned, this marked the first quarter in our 2 years that we realized declining raw material costs, which when combined with a more favorable category mix and the exit of lower-margin sales activities, supported gross margin expansion. Raw material costs, however, remain elevated on a year-to-date basis and have had a negative impact on year-to-date margins. The favorable gross margin was offset by an increase in incentive compensation expenses and resulted in the Flavors' fourth quarter segment profit decrease of $1 million to $62 million this quarter. That said, on a full year basis, like-for-like local currency sales of 8%, combined with a gross margin upside, resulted in Flavors' segment profit of $298 million, an increase of $14 million or 5% from the prior year. Looking ahead. In the first quarter of 2013, we can see a more moderate growth level as we enter the quarter, and we are closely monitoring the situation. However, our underlying sales growth remains strong, driven by strong pipeline of new business wins using our sweetness and Savory modulation tools and other innovations. We are excited about our many collaborations, which are all based on creating value for consumers in every region of the world. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Berryman, our CFO.
Kevin C. Berryman: Thank you, Hernan, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Turning to our quarter results, reported revenues for the fourth quarter totaled $681 million, compared with $644 million in the prior year quarter, or an increase of 6%. Our local currency sales growth increased 8%, as currency translation reduced our reported sales by 200 basis points in the quarter. On a like-for-like basis, our sales growth was 10% in the quarter. Our gross margins were 42.2% this quarter, up from 37.9% in the prior year, or an increase of 430 basis points. The improved performance was due to favorable manufacturing leverage supported by strong volume growth; ongoing cost-savings initiatives; an improved sales mix, including the benefits of exiting low-margin sales activities in Flavors; and the continued benefits of pricing, which helped to offset the continued high level of input costs. The strong sales and gross margin improvement in the quarter also resulted in higher levels of incentive compensation provisions in the quarter, resulting in research, selling and administrative expenses being higher than normal levels and certainly, well above last year, when incentive compensation provisions were abnormally low. Our sales strength and gross margin expansion, however, more than offset these increases. As a result, our adjusted operating profit increased 9% or $8 million, to $99 million in the quarter. With interest expense down slightly year-over-year and a lower effective tax rate due to a lower cost of repatriation and reductions in tax provisions, we were able to drive a 12% increase in adjusted EPS growth to $0.83, up from $0.74 in the fourth quarter of 2011. To provide additional perspective on the underlying sales growth momentum in our business, we are including a graph of our quarterly like-for-like growth by business unit and for the total consolidated company. This graph highlights the sequential improvement we have achieved in our business in each successive quarter of the year, buoyed by a strong level of new wins and an improvement in the growth of the base business. On a consolidated basis, our total company like-for-like growth showed increased momentum in every quarter, from 1% in the first quarter to 5% in the second, 7% in the third and finally, to 10% in the fourth quarter. For the full year, total company grew by 5% on a like-for-like basis. Importantly, this is the third year in a row that we have met our long-term local currency sales growth target. Looking at the business units. Flavors has shown strong and consistent growth every quarter, when eliminating the impact of exiting low-margin sales activities. On a like-for-like basis, Flavors sales growth ranged from 6% in the first quarter, to 9% in both the second and third quarters. For the full year, Flavors like-for-like growth was 8%. Turning to our Fragrance business. An improving growth trend in our business was seen in every quarter, buoyed by new business wins and an improving growth trend in the baseline business, combined with some pricing to recover raw material cost increases. This year, Fragrance declined 3% in the first quarter, was flat in the second, but then grew by 5% in the third and 13% in the fourth quarter. For the full year, Fragrance delivered 3% local currency sales growth. Importantly, when further evaluating the incremental growth momentum for Fragrance, it was largely driven by the combined results of our Fine & Beauty Care and Functional businesses or the Fragrance business excluding the Fragrance Ingredients sales. The improving trend here was also impressive, as growth trended up consistently over the course of the year from minus 1% in Q1, to 15% in Q4. As a result, for the full year, both Fine & Beauty Care and Functional, grew 7% -- by 7% in local currency sales. To illustrate our strength in the emerging markets, I would also like to highlight the trend in our shifting sales mix, from the developed markets to the emerging markets, over the past 3 years. As you can note, the percentage of sales in the emerging markets has increased from 44% in 2010, to 46% in 2011, and finally, to 47% in 2012. Importantly, during Q4 of 2012, at least 50% or more of our sales on our Compounds businesses, which are those businesses excluding our Fragrance Ingredients sales, were to the emerging markets. Specifically in Q4, the emerging markets accounted for 50% of all Flavors sales and 53% of our combined Fine & Beauty Care and Functional sales levels. At this rate, we believe we are well on track to have more than 50% of our total sales come from the emerging markets by 2015, consistent with the strategic objectives we have set for ourselves, as part of our focus to leverage our geographic reach. Turning to raw material costs. As you know, we have been closely monitoring our input costs and this is the first quarter in 8 quarters where we've actually seen them decline, albeit at a modest level, down less than 2%. While that was nice to see, as many of you already know and which has been mentioned already, we have faced significant input cost pressure over the last 2 years. In fact, over the last 2 years, we have seen our input costs rise by 14%. While both businesses faced significant cost pressure, it was more significant in Fragrances, where strong increases in naturals, petrochemicals and feedstock ingredients drove strong double-digit increases in input costs. Nevertheless, our gross margin improvement versus year ago for the quarter and full year was 430 and 210 basis points, respectively, and was driven by strong innovations, improved product mix, cost-savings initiatives and the exit of low-margin sales activity. Importantly, with the recent margin expansion, our margins have now recovered back to levels we saw in 2010, before the raw material costs began to rise. And the net benefit of pricing input costs movements in the fourth quarter, represented actually less than 1/3 of the total improvement in gross margin for this period. Simply put, advances in our gross margin for both Q4 and for the full year are fundamentally being driven by our execution against our strategy, which calls for driving innovation, optimizing our portfolio and driving efficiency in everything that we do. Looking ahead to 2013, based on our current outlook. We expect raw material costs to be relatively benign, which will result in costs that are flat to slightly increasing. From an overhead cost standpoint, adjusted research, selling and administrative costs or RSA costs, as a percentage of sales, increased 380 basis points this quarter, to 27.6%, up from 23.8% of sales in the prior year quarter. This increase reflects higher incentive compensation provisions this year, due to achieving stronger volume growth versus expectations from Q4 and its impact on our performance versus our full year targets. As a result, the fourth quarter RSA expense contains incentive compensation provisions above more normalized levels and certainly, well above last year when provisions were abnormally low. Excluding the impact of the increased incentive compensation accrual for the current year quarter, adjusted RSA as a percent of sales would have actually fallen versus a year ago. This would result in a more normal level of leverage associated with our business model, whereby our growth would result in improved absorption of our fixed cost structure. Importantly, R&D investments continue to increase in support of our strategic pillar to enhance our innovation efforts. Regarding foreign currency impacts. In the fourth quarter, foreign currency had a 200 basis-point impact on our top line, but a limited impact on our bottom line performance. Importantly, due to our cash flow hedging activities, there was limited impact on the fourth quarter year-over-year operating profit margin. In short, our exposure to euro volatility in 2012 was significantly reduced, as a result of our hedging efforts. Looking ahead to 2013. We are now nearly 80% hedged against the euro levels that approximate $1.29, effectively a rate that is consistent with the average exchange rate level for the full year 2012. For 2012, cash flows from operations were $333 million or 11.8% of sales, compared with $189 million or 6.8% of sales for 2011. Of note, the cash flow in 2012 includes $105 million payment related to the Spanish tax settlement announced in Q3 of 2012. Cash flow from operations in 2011 includes a $40 million payment for a patent litigation settlement. If we exclude these aggregate payments from both years, our operating cash flow would have nearly doubled from $222.5 million to $438.5 million, a clear indication of the strength of our operating model. Our strong operating cash flow provides us with the ability to continue to make targeted investments in the growth of our business, targeting those projects with the greatest return, while also returning cash to our shareholders. This year, we made capital investments totaling $126 million or nearly 5% of our sales, including new facilities in Singapore and China. We expect to have a similar level of spending, as a percent of sales, in 2013. In 2012, we also increased our quarterly dividend by $0.03, or nearly 10% to $0.34. And in the fourth quarter, we paid out our dividend that is usually and typically paid in January, in December. We also announced a $250 million stock repurchase program, which will enable the company to purchase nearly 5% of its outstanding shares, based on the market price of our shares on December 31, 2012. Finally, it is important to note that the cash flow conversion rate, measured as the conversion of net income into operating cash flow, and adjusting for the payments related to the patent settlement in 2011 and tax settlement in 2012, increased in 2012 1.3x [ph] from 0.7x in 2011. On this basis, looking at a 2-year average, our operating cash flow to net income conversion rate is at a healthy 1.0x. In summary, 2012 was an exciting year for IFF. We delivered broad-based top line performance, led by growth in the emerging markets. We were able to achieve local currency sales growth in line with our long-term targets for the third year in a row, due to the stability of our business, in which diversification of categories, products and customers supported our performance. Our ability to anticipate consumer preferences with innovative products, such as those using our sweetness and sodium modulation tools in Flavors, or those using our encapsulation technology in Fragrances, were critical drivers to our new win successes. Our gross margin expansion was due to many different factors, including our operating leverage, continued cost discipline and cost-reduction efforts, strong innovation, improved product mix, including the exit of low-margin sales activities, and continued pricing actions to help offset the high level of input costs. Importantly, the operating results we achieved this year enabled us to invest in our business growth and to make changes in our capital structure. We have invested, and continue to invest, in additional capacity and creative centers in the emerging markets of Asia. We are building a facility in Turkey, and we'll look for other opportunities to add capacity in those markets, where changing demographics result in increased demand for customer products. We continue to invest more than 8% of sales annually on R&D programs, and as a result, we have a very strong pipeline of products based on our key R&D platforms. The business generates strong cash flow, and our quarterly dividend and authorization of a $250 million stock buyback program are indications of our confidence in the future. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Doug for his outlook on 2013.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Nicolas, Hernan and Kevin. We are pleased with the progress we've made over the past few years in driving growth across both businesses based on our technology. While the business is both diverse and stable, reflecting its focus on consumer products, it is also growing as the emerging markets' middle-class population expands and increases their use of consumer products. The defensive and growing nature of our business, combined with our customer intimacy, innovation and consumer insights, enabled us to deliver solid results in a challenged environment. Although we are mindful of economic volatility in various parts of the world, we are confident that based on our diversification, we will be able to offset softness in one part of our business, with strengths in another. The accelerated momentum we see in the Flavor and Fragrance Compounds business is fueled by the strategic investments we have made in the emerging markets over many years, combined with our ability to provide customers with products that meet and surpass consumer expectations and lead to market share growth for both our customers and for us. We are committed to driving the business for the long-term, creating new and innovative products that will appeal to consumers all over the world, and collaborating with global and local customers to bring these products to market. Given our progress on a number of value-enhancing initiatives, we expect our gross margins will continue to trend above year-ago levels. We have a committed and a dedicated group of people whose mission is to see the company succeed. We are pushing ahead to meet our internal financial objectives and have been able to deliver top line growth in line with our long-term targets, due to our diversity and our ability to provide value to consumers year after year in every region. We have a robust R&D pipeline, which should provide us with longer-term growth, while providing us with sustainable raw materials at lower costs. We are implementing our plans to make our Ingredients business more competitive, and we intend to provide you with an update on that business on our next earnings call. For the full year 2013, we expect the company to achieve its long-term financial growth targets. For the first quarter of 2013, we expect to see continued local currency sales growth in Flavors, offset in part by the continued acceleration and exit of low-margin sales activities. In Fragrances, we expect momentum to moderate in Fine & Beauty Care and maintain solid growth in Functional. While we expect to see improved volume trends in Ingredients for the full year, we still expect year-over-year declines in the first quarter. In conclusion, our strong performance at IFF this quarter is the result of our geographic footprint, our product diversity and our ability to work with our customers to develop new products that help shape the industry and delight consumers. We are well-positioned in the market, and we are selectively reinvesting in those areas where we see the most growth. Going forward, we expect continued momentum and growth. We will continue to proactively manage our performance and calibrate costs in line with our top line growth, as we continue to execute against our business plans. We will continue to focus on excellence in the execution of our strategies. I thank you all for your participation, and the management team will be pleased to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess maybe just a couple of questions for Nicolas and Hernan, just in broader strokes in terms of thoughts about what they're seeing in specific regions around the world, in terms of pockets of strength, weakness. And then specifically for Nicolas, there was a big increase in Latin America Fragrances in the quarter, if you can maybe talk a bit about what contributed to that, and how much of that should or will continue to be helpful?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mark, good morning. It's Nicolas, how are you? Mark, just for your comments in Latin America, I think it is fair to say that we continue to strengthen our leadership in the markets. And as the market is growing, a significant number of new consumers coming to the markets and entering these categories, so we see an increased activity in terms of the retail markets increasing, players going -- entering new categories, new channel of distributions. So we should combine all this momentum and all strong strategic partnership we have in the region. We're enjoying more than our fair share of the growth of the market, so we continue to strengthen our leadership. Obviously, the growth was more significant than we expected in the fourth quarter. But right now, the pipeline of new wins and the continued activity in the market would indicate that we will continue to see a good momentum going into 2013.
Hernan Vaisman: Mark, this is Hernan. I mean, we have a kind of a mixed bag situation. We started the year, I mean, in -- with Greater Asia, delivering good growth in this point in time, but we're seeing other areas like Western Europe and even -- I mean, Eastern Europe, that this kind of production platform for Western Europe, some kind of a slowdown, some softness there. In U.S., we still see good growth. And in Latin America, gaining momentum. So I mean, we are continuing that the -- why we believe that this is kind of moderate growth due to the discontinue of business. We are in the right path. And I think that really makes us very confident, is that we have a strong pipeline of projects in-house.
Kevin C. Berryman: Mark, this is Kevin. Just one quick additional comment. I think that if we looked at the broad portfolio across a lot of different regions, there was actually good solid growth in a lot of countries. So there was some standouts, obviously, you picked one of them, but we saw some good solid growth across a broad swell of countries and regions. So we were pleased with that performance in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to know if you guys could talk a little bit about the Evolva partnership. Just, I guess, a little bit of why it's important with this particular ingredient? Is it a bit of a particular source of inflation? Has quality been an issue? Have there been shortages? And then when you expect -- presumably, if the scaling up goes well, when that will be commercialized and start to impact your business?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, I mean, you explained pretty well all. I mean, basically it's a very important Flavor ingredient. Just to give you a kind of magnitude, I mean, if you're thinking that we're -- potential, I mean, of the market is 10 billion [ph], the first 4, 5 Flavors, 1 is vanilla. So I mean, this is one of the component of this kind of Flavors profile. It's a very expensive raw material, has a high volatility in the market. You have always problems in sourcing. So by doing that, I mean, we will be able to, first, I mean, have a very sustainable way of getting this product, in a very cost-effective and sustainable way. So I think that this is the key element of this partnership. We are really, very, very exciting, and we are very close to get, I mean, the things done. If we can -- if we will be able to be successfully, I mean, to scale-up manufacture, we will have the first, so let's say, samples in the market by the end of this year. So it goes as we expect, Lauren. I think that we will see some -- I mean, good results by early or mid-2014.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And is that -- is it the assumption that this will happen early in your numbers for the end of this year, or no?
Hernan Vaisman: No. I think that it's too early to say because, I mean, whenever go to the market, Lauren, you have to go to samples, I mean, customers need to test in their products, and only just after that, I mean, it'll start to -- going to launch in a new or next environment. So that's why we're not contemplating in our numbers in 2013.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then, I still had a question on incentive compensation. And I know, Kevin, this is something we've gone a bit back and forth on before. But it was granted, it's all because the revenue growth came in so strongly, but the way that it works for you guys, it's sort of a circular reference. I mean, at least in terms of what I believe your long-term operating goals are, it's not just revenue, there's also an operating profit element to it. And because of the step-up in compensation above getting to normalized levels this quarter, you didn't hit your full year operating margin target. So I know it's tough, I understand it's a good thing, because everyone's getting paid and the top line is there. But it is frustrating from an external standpoint to say the business is in such a good shape, and then so much of it gets given back in a not terribly predictable way. So I don't really -- is there a thought process going forward, and how that can be managed differently, the formula could be shifted? Anything you can offer would be great.
Kevin C. Berryman: Thanks for the question, Lauren. We are always thinking about ways to have an incentive compensation program that is directly aligned with performance and, effectively, we do. And that has resulted, given some of the variability in our performance and different levels of incentive comp and certainly, that occurred in Q4 of this year. I think the specifics, as it relates to Q4, was that the top line performance really was stronger than we expected. And our local currency sales growth jumped up above 4%. We talked to the 4% number, but it's almost close to rounding to 5. So it's a big number. So it's bigger than what our expectations were and it's relative to a strong November and December. Growth is a big part of our incentive comp dynamic, and so that translated into us having to increase our provisions for the quarter. Having said all of that, at the end of the day, we didn't hit our profit objectives, and so consequently, the impact on our incentive comp was more about our growth and less about our profitability. And I would also remind you, as it relates to 2011, we had very strong levels of operating profit growth in 2011, where we grew more than 10%. I believe, the number was 11% in 2011. And our incentive comp was quite low because we underperformed versus our expectations internally. So there is the resetting of the comp, which ultimately has an impact on a comparable basis, and ultimately, as we look to drive incremental growth and innovation into our portfolio, we continue to see a greater stability in the top line, which will translate into greater stability of our incentive comp levels.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Edward Aaron from RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: It sounds like you're maybe expecting a little bit slower growth in Fine & Beauty in Q1, just wondering if that's just a reflection of the comparison getting a little bit tougher? Or if there is maybe some factors, kind of more specific to Q4 inventory, restocking or whatnot, that, yes, you don't expect to continue?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Edward, it's Nicolas. First of all, as you say, we saw very, very strong Q4 coming from the strength of the existing business and brands having more confidence in the Christmas season as well as the strong momentum in new wins. And it was really across the different regions, but mostly, also driven by the strength in Lat Am and North America. So Christmas was positive in the U.S, mixed in Europe and strong in Latin America. The fact that most of the strength came from Latin America, and we see continued momentum, this will be a good balance to offset what could come as pressure points in Europe or the markets. So right now, it's too soon for us to understand the inventory level. One thing which is fair to say, that it will not be the same pressure point that we saw in 2009, when you had a lot of inventories throughout the entire supply chain at the retail level and the customer level. So it's a bit too early to say at the moment. But obviously, a strong Q4 put some tough comparison with Q1.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And just a quick follow-up on the previous question regarding incentive comp. If you kind of look at the full year provision, the Q4 provision, where does that take you on a full year basis, kind of relative to target for 2012?
Kevin C. Berryman: Say again, Ed.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I'm just wondering what the incentive comp shook out on a full year basis, relative to a kind of target in 2012. With a bigger Q4 provision, did that take you, just kind of back up to target? Or did it take you above your incentive comp target for the full year?
Kevin C. Berryman: It's slightly above.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Silke Kueck for Jeff. My recollection is that the Beverage business used to be more seasonal, where really, it would pick up like in the second and third quarter. And so, what led to the strength in the Beverage business in the fourth quarter? And why is North America up 15%?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Silke, I mean, basically, what I've mentioned is, I mean, this remarkable growth in Beverages was being brought by new wins we haven't had before. I mean, we are making great inroads in North America in very important brands in the still beverage. So this has been the main reason that you have this -- such a big increase.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. In -- or you also ask a Fragrance question. In Fine Fragrances, the local currency comparisons are very, very good, both for IFF and Givaudan, so I think like up 19% and 15%. So who's losing share? Or were the -- or the comparison's just so easy?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Look, it's very difficult to comment on the competition. The only thing, as I said before, was a very strong for us is the strength of our existing portfolio where you have a lot of classics and which are well-positioned in many markets, but also we had a significant number of new wins. But more importantly, this when [ph] you are successful in the marketplace and provided market share gain for the brands we partnered with. So we don't have the industry data, so it's difficult to comment on this, but I just want to provide you some insights on our performance.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And if I can ask the last question on R&D. As a percentage of sales, R&D went up, and I understand some of this due to incentive compensation. But does the higher level of R&D also reflect more development expenses as a function of winning new business? Or does it include like milestone payments to Evolva? What else is in that R&D expense that it's so high?
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, I mean, we've been targeting that 8% level anyway, and the fact we're a little bit higher, I view is a good thing. You've touched upon some of the items, such as the Evolva payment, but it's really the recognition that we're going to win through technology, win through investments. So it's a continued push we have on a lot of agreed internal platforms, Silke.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just pretty clearly, you guys are talking down revenue expectations for Q1, and I just -- I mean, I had already assumed that Q1 would become as slower than this great number in Q4, but are you thinking about it as being a low point for the year? And I mean, how down or how much lower are we talking? Is it a kind of slowest growth in the year, or just slower versus Q4 and you want to make sure people don't assume that what you saw in Q4, maybe boost a little bit by some sales around the holiday, doesn't continue per se into Q1?
Douglas D. Tough: Lauren, it's Doug. I mean it's really a reference point. It's Q4 of 2012, it will be lower off that level. I think from the comments we made a few minutes ago, the year we're expecting to be in line with the long-term targets that we've said, so I wouldn't read a lot into a lower level other than managing expectations against the plus 8 or the plus 10 year like-for-like. I would just pick up, though, on something that Hernan said, which was the discontinued part of the low sales volume in Flavors is going to run through the first half and end at the end of the first half, and there will be, I would say, a significant part in Q1 that will affect Flavors. But it will still be positive, clearly, for the first half quarter.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: If I can ask like 2 more questions of clarification. Is -- does the expansion into the emerging markets, is that a benefit or a headwind to your operating margin, or it's doesn't make a difference at all?
Kevin C. Berryman: Silke, this is Kevin. Clearly, margin profiles by either customers or regions or whatever, they're not all exactly the same. But we do not see a reduction in our margin profile as it relates to our drive to have incremental business in the emerging markets.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And secondly, I was wondering what the order of magnitude of sales are now for encapsulation technologies, and there was the comment made that you expanded the encapsulation product lines from Fabric Care into other end-markets and into other regions, and so I was wondering whether -- where you expanded and which regions, and whether it's now part of shampoos or soaps, or lotions, maybe? Can you just expand a little bit?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Yes, Silke, it's Nicolas. So we are very pleased with the progress we're making as some customers are going into market test with our new encapsulation systems, into new categories. Obviously, Asia is one area where we're rolling out even further the technology and which is good as seed [ph] where we're able to enter new countries, and even to enter new customers with the technology. So we are pleased with this additional growth potential that we're developing at the moment.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you explain which product categories you're expanding into outside of Fabric Care?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Right now it's confidential. I would like our customers to have the privilege to do their market test in full confidence and then to be able to roll it out. So we'll leave that privilege to our customers that we partner with.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: A follow-up on the guidance for '13, relative to long-term expectation. Does that include any benefit from what you talked about on the Ingredients-related restructuring that you said you'll comment on in the second quarter? And then, just a broader question about operating margins. So you saw a big increase in the Fragrance business for the year. Flavors didn't quite see the same increase that it's seen in recent years. I guess maybe a bit of directional color on how you see, A, the gap narrowing between the 2; and just sort of directional growth in profit in each of the business units going forward?
Kevin C. Berryman: Yes, Mark, we'll be continuing to provide -- this is Kevin. We'll continue to provide you some insights as we are ready to disclose publicly what efforts are being executed in the Fragrance Ingredients. As we've said in the past, it's a fairly complex process, and the things that are being thought about have a lot of tentacles into our internal supply of products and across our facilities. So it is complex. Likely, when we decide to do something, it's going to be impacting largely 2014 as opposed to 2013. So the answer, just a quick answer to your question is, you would not have to assume benefits as it relates to that, for us to be getting to guidelines that have been established in terms of our objectives for the year. In terms of Fragrance and Flavors, we continue to believe that there's opportunities to improve the gross margin profile due to all the things we talked about over the course of this morning, innovation, continuing to drive the mix on the portfolio, to areas where we are advantaged, improving the margin profile for those areas which are less advantaged, all of those things, we think, have an opportunity for us to be able to drive incremental margin profile in both businesses. So that's a critical part of our strategy. As you know, it's one of the pillars of our strategy, and we'll continue to execute against it.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. Do you have any closing remarks?
Douglas D. Tough: We'd like to thank all on the call today for their participation, particularly the questions that came at the end, and we look forward to talking with you in 3 months. Thank you, kindly.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's International Flavors & Fragrances conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelley Young - Director of Investor Relations Douglas D. Tough - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President of Fragrances and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer Hernan Vaisman - Group President of Flavors and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer Kevin C. Berryman - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Erik Sjogren - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Shelley Young, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Shelley Young: Thank you, operator. Good morning, and good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to IFF's third quarter conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our third quarter 2012 financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our website at iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay for up to 1 year on our website. Before turning the call over to Doug Tough and our senior management team, I'd like to read our forward-looking statement. Please keep in mind that during this call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with regard to the fourth quarter and full year 2012. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our forward-looking statements and risk factors contained in today's 10-Q filing with the SEC, as well as our 2011 10-K filed on February 28, 2012, and our press release that we filed this morning, all of which are available on our website. Some of today's prepared remarks will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued earlier today and on our website. Now I'd like to introduce the participants on today's call. With me today is Doug Tough, our Chairman and CEO; Nicolas Mirzayantz, our President of Fragrances; Hernan Vaisman, our President of Flavors; and Kevin Berryman, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Doug Tough.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Shelley, and good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. Our focus on the call this morning is a review of our third quarter results and a short discussion on our outlook for the remainder of the year. As a company with significant operations in New York and in New Jersey, we are very well aware of the impact that Hurricane Sandy has had on people in the area. Our thoughts and our prayers go out to everyone who was affected by this storm, including our own numerous employees in the region. The solid growth we achieved this third quarter is due to the strategic priorities we have implemented over the past few years to deliver profitable growth, by improving the profitability of our product portfolio, strengthening our innovation platform and leveraging our geographic reach. You have heard us say many times that the diversity of our business model, in terms of geographies and use categories and customers, helps to provide us with stable results in good times and bad. This quarter, we are seeing the cumulative effect of our strategy, combined with the diversity of our business model, resulting in solid momentum and strong growth in both Flavors and Fragrances even with ongoing economic uncertainty in many parts of the world. We are very pleased with our progress and encouraged by our results and believe we are on the right path. Both our Flavors and Fragrances Compounds businesses delivered strong top line growth and margin recovery this quarter, and we saw strong contributions to overall profitability from both our businesses. For the total company, we delivered top line local currency sales growth of 5%, which is the highest quarterly sales growth we have seen since the first quarter of 2011. On a like-for-like basis, which excludes the impact of the exit of low-margin sales activities, our local currency sales growth was, in fact, higher at 7%. This quarter, we continued to execute on our plan to exit lower-margin sales activities in Flavors. We also saw a better mix of business, both in the developed and in the emerging markets. As expected, we are seeing lower increases in raw material costs, although they remain at elevated levels and we continue to take pricing. These factors, in addition to ongoing manufacturing efficiencies and other elements, such as product mix and new business wins, resulted in gross margin expansion of 350 basis points this quarter to 42.5%, up from 39% in the prior year quarter. Our adjusted operating profit increased $6 million, or 5%, to $164 million -- $134 million in the third quarter compared with $128 million in the third quarter of 2011. Also, our adjusted operating profit margins expanded 100 basis points this quarter to 18.9% compared with 17.9% in the year ago quarter. In the third quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.20 per share. The GAAP number includes an $0.88 charge arising from our settlement with the Spanish tax authorities earlier in the quarter. Excluding this charge as well as the $0.01 per share reversal of a restructuring charge in the prior year quarter, our adjusted earnings per share increased 8% to $1.08. This quarter marks the second consecutive quarter in which we were able to deliver solid EPS growth on an adjusted basis despite the challenging economic environment. We are pleased with our performance this quarter and with the favorable trends we are seeing in both our top line and bottom line growth. I will now turn the call over to Nicolas and Hernan, who will provide you with an update on the progress of our business units, and then to Kevin, our CFO, who will provide an overview of our financial performance. After their respective sections, I will give you some perspective on the outlook for the balance of the year. With that, I'd like to introduce Group President of Fragrances, Nicolas Mirzayantz.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Doug, and good morning and afternoon, everyone. We are very pleased with our progress this quarter. We achieved solid results in many areas of the business, and overall trends are improving. Our ability to execute on our plan is illustrated by both our top line growth as well as our recovering profitability. In terms of our sales performance, we saw accelerating growth in many areas of the business. Local currency sales growth for the Fragrance business was 5% in the third quarter. Fragrance Compounds grew by 9% in local currency, fueled by 10% growth in Fine & Beauty Care and 8% growth in Functional Fragrance. We attribute our success to the strength of our strategic relationships with our customers, our knowledge and insight into consumer preferences and our ability to provide superior product that meet customer needs. I want to focus on some of the positive trends we are seeing, and there are many. Over the past 3 quarters, Fragrance Compound local currency sales growth has accelerated in every quarter. We grew from the 1% decline in the first quarter to a 6% increase in the second quarter to a 9% increase in the third quarter. This growth in Fragrance Compounds was led by 17% growth in Latin America, 8% growth in North America and 7% growth in EAME. We are very encouraged by the results that we're seeing. In terms of drivers, Fragrances' growth this quarter was driven by a strong pipeline of new wins, continued pricing and lower volume declines on existing business. On a category basis, Fine & Beauty Care achieved 10% local currency sales growth, led by strong performance in Fine Fragrance and Toiletries. This quarter, new launches in Fine Fragrance included La Vie Est Belle from Lancome; Balenciaga's Florabotanica; Yves Saint Laurent's Manifesto; Taylor Swift by Elizabeth Arden and Donna Karan WOMAN by Estée Lauder. These are just a sampling of the high-profile launches in Fine Fragrance. Toiletries also performed very well, reflecting major wins with global brands, led by strength in Latin America and EAME. Functional Fragrance local currency growth of 8% marked the 17th consecutive quarter of positive sales growth in this category. The solid growth was driven by continued strong momentum in Fabric Care and double-digit growth in Personal Wash. Growth in both end-use categories was driven by strong growth in Latin America and North America, as well as growth in Greater Asia. The growth was also supported by increased sales using our proprietary encapsulation technology. Given the strong growth we are seeing in the emerging markets, we are adding manufacturing capacity and sales and creative infrastructure to support our growing emerging market footprint. In early September, we announced and celebrated the opening of a new state-of-the-art liquid Fragrances and Flavors manufacturing plant in Jurong, Singapore. This is part of the $100 million investment in Greater Asia and replaces an existing facility. Turning to Ingredients. As expected, local currency sales declined by 12% due to continued volume losses in commodity products. As we've been communicating, we remain focused on finding ways to revise our participation strategy in Fragrance Ingredients given the new realities of the market and the competitive dynamics. Although year-over-year trends are improving, we expect to see a moderate year-over-year decline in the fourth quarter. To offset the impact of high raw material costs on our customers, we have been proactively working with some of them to change their product formulas. Due to our vertical integration and expertise, we're able to work with them to find more sustainable alternatives. As a result, we expect to see some volumes transfer from our Fragrance Ingredient business to our Fragrance Compound business beginning next year. This volume transition supports our customers and IFF Compound business, creating a win-win situation. We will provide more insight early next year on the expected top line impacts, which are not expected to be material on a consolidated basis. As you probably are aware, we report on only the external portion of our Ingredient business, which is roughly 50% of the total Ingredient business. The remaining volume is comprised of internal supply, which are ingredients that we make and use in our Compounds plants. This part of the business continues to grow as we use more IFF ingredients in our internal creations and new wins, and this increased volume is reducing the pressure on absorbing the fixed cost of our Ingredient plants. Although we achieved local currency sales growth of 5%, our reported net sales declined 1% due to the weakness of the euro and other currencies related to the U.S. dollar versus a year ago. Strong operational performance allowed the Fragrance business to more than offset this foreign exchange pressure, resulting in an 11%, or $7 million, increase in Fragrance segment profit to $65.3 million in the third quarter. Our continued focus on cost savings initiatives and financial discipline, combined with an improved mix of business and continued pricing to offset higher raw material costs, enabled us to achieve margin recovery this quarter. Fragrance segment operating margin expanded 200 basis points to 17.7%, up from 15.7% a year ago. Fragrance gross margin recovery supported gross margin expansion at the consolidated level. It should be noted, however, that on a year-to-date basis, margins continue to be pressured by increased input costs, which remain at or near historical highs. To offset this dynamic, we continue to focus on cost savings initiatives, including our Q4 2011 restructuring program, and maintaining a disciplined approach toward cost management. In the fourth quarter, we expect to see continued momentum in our Fragrance Compound business in both Fine & Beauty Care and Functional Fragrance, supported by growth in every region. We are encouraged by the pipeline of new business wins in our Fine & Beauty Care and Functional categories, as well as the continued traction with our proprietary encapsulation technology. We continue to closely monitor Ingredient volume trends and believe that we will see improved volume trends in the fourth quarter, although still negative. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Hernan Vaisman, our President of Flavors.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Nicolas. Good morning and good afternoon. This is our 27th consecutive quarter of local currency sales growth. On a like-for-like basis, over the last 3 quarters, we have delivered local currency sales growth of 6%, 9% and 9% on top of the 9% growth for the third quarter of last year. We are proud of the -- our results and our ability to consistently deliver strong growth metrics. This quarter, as expected, the exit of low-margin sales activities accelerated, which had a 3-percentage-point impact on Flavor sales growth, but a favorable impact on segment and company margins. Once again, we delivered strong growth in every region and every category. Our growth was led by a strong pipeline of new business wins in Beverage and Dairy, both of which achieved double-digit growth. On a like-for-like basis, Savory and Sweet also delivered solid growth in this quarter. Our results were supported by 10% growth in the emerging markets. Our like-for-like growth in North America was 6%. Beverage and Dairy were once again the 2 best-performing categories and delivered double-digit growth. We also saw solid growth contributions from Savory and Sweet, owing in part to our savory and sweetness modulation tools. On a like-for-like basis, our EAME region delivered local currency sales growth of 13% led by strong growth in Dairy. EAME was our best-performing region this quarter. Western Europe continued to deliver solid performance with a strong volume growth from wins offsetting volumes declining on existing business. In addition, we are also delivering strong growth in the emerging market of Africa and the Middle East. Greater Asia, our largest region, delivered strong 8% local currency growth. On a like-for-like basis, Greater Asia grew at 9%. This growth was led by double-digit growth in Dairy and high single-digit growth in Beverage, Savory and Sweet. In Latin America, local currency growth on a like-for-like basis was 6%, led by double-digit growth in Savory and positive growth in Dairy and Beverage. Although we have made progress in this region, we continue to work with the customer to improve our sales momentum in Latin America. Due to our continued growth, we are making additional investment in the business to support our future growth. As Nicholas mentioned, in September, we opened a new plant in Singapore that manufactures both flavors and fragrances. We are also beginning a new manufacturing facility in Guangzhou, China, which will be exclusively focused on Flavors. This plant is expected to open in the first quarter of 2013. Both the Singapore and China plants are essential to aligning our infrastructure to support our projected capacity requirements in Greater Asia. Last month, we announced our plans to invest over $50 million in Gebze, Turkey to expand on our existing manufacturing site and build a new leading-edge creative facility. Turkey offers an unparalleled strategic hub into the fast-growing emerging market in the region that will allow us to significantly increase and differentiate our value proposition to our customers. We expect to invest significantly in our Flavors creative and manufacturing capabilities in Turkey, which will provide additional support to key emerging markets. This quarter, although our Flavors business achieved local currency sales growth of 6% on a reported basis, our net sales were flat due to the weakness of other currencies versus the U.S. dollars versus the year-ago quarter. Importantly, operating performance in our Flavor business more than offset these foreign exchange pressures. Our gross margin recovery at the segment level supported gross margin expansion at the consolidated level due to volume gains for new business, the accelerated exit of lower-margin sales activities and more favorable category mix, which more than offset higher input costs and investment to support growth initiatives, resulting in 150-basis-point increase in our segment operating margin to 22.4%. This translated into a Flavors third quarter segment profit increase of $5 million, or 7%, to $76.1 million. We continue to make investment in Research & Development to support the future growth of the business and provide our customers with the leading-edge technology and product quality that they expect from us. Looking ahead, we expect to see continued sales momentum in the fourth quarter of 2012 led by strong growth in the emerging markets, offset in part by the accelerated exit of low-margin sales activities. Our consistent underlying sales growth remained strong, driven by new business wins using our sweetness and savory modulation tools to make our customers' end products healthier. We are excited about our future growth prospect. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Berryman, our CFO.
Kevin C. Berryman: Thank you, Hernan, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. I would like to put our financial performance into context since it is a direct result of the actions we've taken to improve the profitability of our portfolio, harness the growth of the emerging markets and create innovative and appealing new products that will help our customers to win new business and obtain market share growth. Reported revenues for the third quarter totaled $709 million. Although sales decreased on a reported basis, on a local currency basis, they increased 5%. The 600-basis-point foreign currency impact reflects the strong U.S. dollar relative to other currencies versus the year-ago quarter. On a like-for-like basis, excluding the impact of the exit of lower-margin sales activities, our local currency sales growth was 7%, reflecting strong growth in both businesses, across geographies and categories. Approximately 70% of this growth was volume related with a balanced pricing. As you've heard from Hernan, Flavors continued their steady cadence of positive growth, which speaks to the consistency and stability of the Flavors business. This quarter, Flavors delivered 6% local currency growth. And excluding the impact of the exit of lower-margin sales activities, they delivered growth of 9%. Our Fragrance business delivered overall local currency sales growth of 5%, reflecting strong underlying trends in many areas of the business. Importantly, Fragrance Compounds delivered local currency sales growth of 9% and increased segment profitability, reflecting cost savings initiatives, improved category mix and the net impact of increased prices and lower increases in raw material costs. Overall, our strategic priority of leveraging the growth in the emerging markets is producing favorable results. We're seeing continued double-digit local currency sales growth in the emerging markets, which has made significant contributions to the top line of both businesses, with a growing global middle class and the desire for, and availability of, products that consumers use in their everyday lives. We are very encouraged by the growth we are seeing and have made targeted investments in various areas of the globe in order to be able to continue to participate in this growth for the foreseeable future. As we have mentioned in the past, we operate in a global environment that has seen varying degrees of economic momentum. Over the course of the year, we've spoken about slowing economic growth in Western Europe and China, and we've been closely monitoring our progress in both regions. This quarter, on a consolidated level, we saw improving trends in Western Europe driven by our Flavors business. But we continue to see some softness in Fragrances driven by Fragrance Ingredients. Both Flavors and Fragrances showed solid growth in China. From a top line perspective, we are pleased with our underlying growth, which led to increased margin recovery and profitability. Our gross margins expanded to 350 basis points that has been alluded to previously, to 42.5%. The improvement was primarily due to an improved mix of business in both Flavors and Fragrances, increased volume from both businesses, the exit of lower-margin sales activities in Flavors and ongoing manufacturing efficiencies. These gains, along with pricing actions, more than offset increased raw material costs. Research, selling and administrative costs increased 11% or $17 million this quarter. The increase was primarily due to increased incentive compensation accruals this quarter versus the year-ago quarter, when provisions were lower than target. In addition, we also had increased pension costs and investments behind growth initiatives. Importantly, our strong gross margin recovery more than offset these increased RSA expenses, resulting in a $6 million or 5% increase in adjusted operating profit to $134 million. Interest expense declined $400,000 in the quarter, reflecting lower levels of outstanding debt. And other expenses decreased $3.4 million year-over-year due to gains associated with the company's deferred compensation plan assets. As we've explained, this quarter, we took a $72.4 million charge, or $0.88 per share, to net income, arising from our Spanish tax settlement that we announced on August 2. Excluding the impact of this charge, our adjusted effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2012 was 27.2% versus 26.9% in the year-ago quarter. The 30-basis-point increase primarily reflects the absence of an R&D tax credit in the U.S. during the third quarter of 2012. Adjusted EPS increased 8% to $1.08, up from $1 in the third quarter of 2011, excluding the reversal of a restructuring charge of $0.01 per share in the prior year quarter. I would like to comment briefly on the top line trends we are seeing in our business. On a total company basis, our local currency sales growth has increased every quarter: from 1% in the first quarter to 4% in the second, to 5% this quarter. These trends are more pronounced if we exclude the impact of the exit of lower-margin sales activities, which has been putting incremental pressure on our top line growth. On a like-for-like basis, our growth increased from 1% and 5% in Q1 and Q2 to 7% in Q3. We assume the industry continues to grow at 2% to 3% overall. On a like-for-like basis, our year-to-date growth is 4%. Looking at the business units, Flavors has shown consistent growth every quarter with 5% growth in the first quarter followed by 8% in the second and 6% in the third quarter. However, excluding the impact of the exit of low-margin business, the like-for-like sales growth has increased from 6% to 9% and 9% in the first 3 quarters of the year. On a year-to-date basis, they have achieved 8% like-for-like growth. Nicolas spoke of Fragrance Compounds' accelerating growth. The third quarter was a robust quarter for Fragrance Compounds, and growth has improved every quarter this year to 9% in the third quarter, resulting in a 5% growth year-to-date. All areas of the Compound business are showing continued momentum. The only area that remains challenged is the external portion of our Fragrance Ingredients business. However, the strength of the rest of the portfolio is more than offsetting this weakness. Overall, we are seeing better momentum in the business. While we are cautiously optimistic, trends are improving, and underlying volumes remain strong. I'd like to provide you with an update of our raw material costs. Although they are still increasing, they are increasing at a lower rate, as we expected. Compared to the prior year quarter, raw material costs increased 2%. That said, the third quarter of last year was the highest increase of last year at 13%. So even though raw material costs only increased by 2% this quarter, on a 2-year basis, they are up 15%, which has continued to pressure our margins. Year-over-year pricing benefits this quarter, while reduced versus previous quarters, have helped to somewhat reduce the margin pressure, while raw material costs remain as a significant headwind on a year-to-date basis. Our continued margin recovery this quarter reflects strong innovations, improved product mix, cost savings initiatives and the exit of lower-margin sales activities in Flavors. As we mentioned last quarter, we believe we have reached an inflection point in our gross margins, and we are seeing this play out. From an overhead cost standpoint, RSA expense as a percent of sales increased 250 basis points this quarter to 23.6%, up from 21.1% of sales last year. The year-over-year change primarily reflects increased incentive compensation accruals in the third quarter of 2012 versus the third quarter of 2011. As you may recall, last year's RSA spend was favorably impacted by lower incentive compensation accruals due to the challenging economic environment. The level of incentive compensation we are now accruing for this year reflects our improved performance versus expectations and is more consistent with normalized levels of incentive compensation provisions. Other cost increases reflect continued R&D spend on innovation and on commercial activities and other customer-facing activities to support our growth in the emerging markets. Finally, we also incurred higher pension costs and increased our provision adjustments for allowance for doubtful accounts. The dollar remained stronger versus the euro in the third quarter versus a year ago. And as a result, foreign exchange, as we have discussed, had an approximate 600-basis-point impact on the top line. However, there was limited impact on the third quarter year-over-year operating profit margin, largely due to our cash flow hedging activities. These activities, combined with our other operating improvements, more than offset the negative impact of foreign exchange. Looking ahead to the balance of the year, over 70% of our euro-dollar exposure in 2012 remains hedged at the rate near $1.39. With current rates at around $1.28, the euro had strengthened versus where it was in the third quarter. We therefore expect that any headwinds from foreign exchange in the fourth quarter will be negligible. For 2013, we are nearly 70% hedged against the euro at levels that approximate $1.29. From a cash flow perspective, for the first 9 months of the year, cash flows from operations were $143 million, or 6.7% of sales, compared with $117 million for the first 9 months of 2011. Importantly, the cash flow in 2012 includes a cash payment of $105.5 million this quarter related to the Spanish tax settlement and a $240 million -- $248 million cash inflow from ongoing operations. This increased cash flow from ongoing operations in 2012 reflects the impact of lower year-over-year incentive compensation and income tax payments in 2012 versus 2011, as well as an improved earnings position. As anticipated, capital expenditures are increasing, in line with our guidance, due to the investments we've made in Singapore and China. And we expect capital spending to approach 5% of sales for the full year 2012. The Singapore plant, which opened in early September, manufactures both Flavors and Fragrances liquid compounds. The Guangzhou, China plant will open early next year and will be exclusively Flavors focused. And as noted by Hernan, in addition, last month, we announced a $50 million-plus investment in expanding Flavors' manufacturing facility and building a creative center in Gebze, Turkey. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Doug for his perspective on the balance of the year.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Nicolas, Hernan, and Kevin. We are pleased with the progress we've made over the past few quarters. The diverse and stable nature of our business, combined with our customer intimacy and consumer insights, enabled us to deliver strong results in a challenged environment. Although we are mindful of economic volatility in various parts of the world, we are confident that, based on our diversification, we will be able to offset softness in one part of our business with strengths in another part of the business world. The accelerated momentum we see in the Flavor and Fragrance Compounds business is fueled by the strategic investments we have made in the emerging markets over many years, combined with our ability to provide customers with products that meet and surpass consumer expectation and lead to market share growth for both our customers and for us. We are committed to driving the business for the long term and executing on our growth plans. IFF's operations were impacted by Hurricane Sandy, resulting in short-term disruptions in power, manufacturing and in our information technology systems. I am pleased to say that most of these disruptions have now been resolved due to the rapid reaction of our employees in implementing our disaster recovery plans. We are currently in the process of estimating the impact of the storm on our business. We do not expect it to have a material impact on our fourth quarter financial results. For the fourth quarter, we expect to see continued strong local currency sales growth in Flavors, offset in part by the continued acceleration and exit of low-margin sales activities. In Fragrances, we expect momentum to continue in Fine & Beauty Care, while also maintaining solid growth in Functional. We expect to see improving volume trends in Ingredients business in the fourth quarter, although we still expect year-over-year moderate volume declines. With regard to margin trends, we expect that raw material costs will continue to stabilize at the current rates, which, as Kevin has pointed out, when combined with last year's trends still results in historically high levels of input costs. Given our progress on a number of initiatives, we expect our gross margins will continue to trend above year-ago levels. We have a committed and dedicated group of people whose mission is to see the company succeed. We are pushing ahead to meet our internal profit objectives despite the headwinds mentioned. Excluding the costs related to the impact of the hurricane, we expect our adjusted earnings per share to be in line with current market consensus for the fourth quarter. In conclusion, our strong performance at IFF this quarter is a result of our geographic footprint, our product diversity and our ability to work with our customers year in and year out to develop new products that help shape the industry and delight consumers. Going forward, we expect continued momentum and growth. We will continue to proactively manage our performance and calibrate costs in line with our top line growth as we continue to execute against our business plans. With that, we would be happy to take any questions you may have. Thank you for your participation.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess first question, Kevin, just housekeeping. 2013 input costs, if you could give us an update there, that'd be helpful. And then second question, you commented in the press release that the new facility in Singapore replaces an existing plant in the same area. Could you talk maybe more broadly about an opportunity for more of the same happening, meaning this year, spending 5% of sales on CapEx this year, next year, last year, and so new facilities are coming. I understand some of that is for demand. But also, new facilities are probably more efficient than existing facilities. So what is the opportunity longer term to do a better job of getting efficiencies and costs out of some of these new facilities coming online?
Kevin C. Berryman: Okay, Mark, nice to hear from you. Look, I think that it is a little bit early for us to discuss what's been -- or what our expectations are for 2013 input costs. I think we've said in the past that we don't consider there to be a great level of variability as we look forward into 2013. And I'll leave it at that at this particular point in time. But certainly, it's a much more stable environment than we've seen in the past. So I'll leave it at that at this particular point in time. In terms of the investments in our factories, clearly these are investments that are capacity oriented and supporting our future growth initiatives largely in Greater Asia. The recent Turkey announcement is supporting other parts of the emerging market portfolio that we have. But clearly, they're about increasing our capacities. There are efficiencies embedded into those plants. But at the same token, there will be some incremental depreciation that we have at this particular point in time as well. Having said all of that, we will continue to try and drive incremental efficiencies into our business. And as you see through the initiatives that we have in recognizing the third quarter gross margin progression, it's a wide swath of efforts, including some pricing but also new wins, good margins on those new wins and working on price and cost efficiencies with our factories. And that will continue to be a focus as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Edward Aaron with RBC Capital.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And so I wanted to clarify your comments in your prepared remarks about what sounds like an expected volume transfer from Fragrance Ingredients into Compounds. Are you essentially saying that you've been able to kind of negotiate to transition some of your external ingredients supply into kind of sales of higher value-added compounds? And then if that's the case, were you able to do that without making a trade-off on your Compounds margins?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It's Nicolas. What we did is that we really built upon our vertical integration in some parts of our portfolio and unique expertise to be able to provide solutions to our customers and build upon that expertise to go from a single ingredient to really a creation. And this is really creating a win-win situation for both our customers and really eliminating some of the volatility in the feedstock of the ingredients. So we're providing a more stable solution, which is providing stability to the brand of our customers.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then just a follow-up. Kevin, I think relative to most Street estimates, your gross margin this quarter came in better, and the RSA expenses were a little bit higher to offset that. Was that the case versus your internal expectation as well kind of coming into the quarter? I'm just trying to kind of better understand this. Maybe you had more flexibility than you expected to have to spend back against the business in Q3.
Kevin C. Berryman: I would say that the results are pretty much in line with kind of what our expectations were at. And I think that, as we've talked about, we will continue to evaluate investments in customer-facing initiatives and innovation long term, and in the short term when we think those opportunities are warranted and value enhancing. We certainly did some of that in the third quarter, and that will continue to be the case as we see opportunities and continued margin progression and growth at the top line.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Silke Kueck for Jeff. In -- so it looks like your sales performance on a year-over-year basis was lower due to currencies. So maybe you lost $5 million in sales year-over-year. And your gross profits moved up quite significantly. And what you indicated is that your raw material costs are still up 2%, but you also got about 2% pricing. So you probably more than offset all of your raw material costs but, it seems also, other cost benefits that you're picking up. So I wanted to just see like what's the benefit of restructuring savings and other cost efficiencies may have been to your gross margin line, if you can quantify it. And secondly, I also have a question regarding -- just I wanted to get an update as to what has been done on the Ingredients side to better match the costs with the lower sales base of the business.
Kevin C. Berryman: Sure, Silke. Let me take a stab and then I'll turn it over to any my colleagues who want to add any additional color. I think that again, as outlined in the prepared comments and some earlier comments, there was a wide swath of things that were driving our gross margin. While certainly, pricing helped to offset the incremental input costs that we talked about, it really wasn't the primary driver. The net pricing versus input costs was not the driver to our margins. Volume and mix certainly was a key determinant of that, and that certainly helped provide a big chunk of the benefits. And I think also, the cost savings initiatives were also important, and that is just the blocking and tackling of running the business where we saw some good progress again in Fragrance, where they were able to reduce some costs in their business. Hernan and their team, obviously, have been managing through the exit of some of the lower margin, and that benefit approached 50 basis points for the company as well. So there certainly was a wide range of issues that were executed, or opportunities that were executed against, which allowed us to deliver the strong margin profile. So it just wasn't about the pricing even though that continued to be an important element to help reduce some of the pressure from input costs.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Silke, it's Nicolas. Regarding Ingredients, as we have been saying in the past, I mean, following the strategic review of the portfolio, we concluded that the Ingredients business was and still continue to be of strategic and financial importance to us, and the #1 priority of the business is to provide cost-advantage ingredients to our Compound business. And that's why we're really driving higher consumption of IFF ingredients in our new wins, in our creation, in order to have a better absorption. It is also fair to say that the Ingredient part of our business has been probably one of the most efficient in terms of manufacturing. So we're constantly looking at opportunities to reduce costs and to bring it in line with some of the challenge. But we'll also continue to develop solution and -- that we will be sharing with the Board as we move forward and develop alternatives to adapt to our costs, to the new reality of the market. One thing that I wanted to add and I want to make sure also following the question from Edward, is that with the transfer of some of the Ingredients into Compounds, we will see a lower Ingredients top line sales in the future in 2013 as we're migrating business from Ingredients to Compounds.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research Group.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: I have a question on the Flavors business. How much of the business now is in products where customers have either a health label or an all-natural label?
Hernan Vaisman: It's Hernan speaking. We don't have available this information. But what we can say, that we -- we've seen a, I would say, material growth on these health and wellness trends. So while I cannot be precise, I could say that it's really gaining territory in almost all parts of the world.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Well, I asked that question because the developed markets growth continues to be quite good. And I would assume it's a big factor in the developed markets?
Hernan Vaisman: Definitely. In developed markets, it's one of the key factors. I mean, not only the health and wellness but also naturals are the key drivers. And since we have, I would say, very suitable tools, it's helping us to grow the business there.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: But would it be maybe 1/3 of the developed market Flavors applications?
Hernan Vaisman: I could not say at this point in time 1/3 because I don't have this information. But I think that they're growing very fast and, at one point in time, probably will get there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And Nicolas, in terms of new launches in Fine & Beauty, you talked about that and I was impressed with the recovery in growth there. Does that suggest that Fine & Beauty should show pretty steady organic sales growth for the next several quarters? And then one for Doug. In terms of the $50 million in EBIT that you can get for product rationalization, can you give us an update roughly where you're at on that through year end?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mike, regarding Fine, as you mentioned, we have a good momentum and a good string of new wins that have already been launched or are in the pipe. As we all know, one of the most critical seasons for our customers is the one in which we're entering right now until Christmas. So I believe that the Christmas season will be driving a lot of the market trends. And from that, we will be able to project our performance. So I think it's too early in the season. What is important is that where we participate, we have a strong momentum, and we've been able to secure and to win significant new launches.
Douglas D. Tough: We pick up the next part of your question going -- and it's really flowing out of the Investor Day discussion. And while we haven't disclosed the number, I'll take you through the 3 planks that we had then and we have now. And it's been an interesting evolution. That maximization of the portfolio is both -- that's really where the concept flowed from. It was to really focus as much on growing where we could. And you can see in both the Fine discussion Nicolas has had and some of the categories that Hernan discussed, we've got some priority categories, and they're broadly doing well and contributing to that goal. The third plank was that if we couldn't fix things, we would exit businesses. And that was -- there was a little bit of that in Fragrances in previous quarters. The focus really for the company in the last few quarters has been on Flavors. And Hernan touched upon that, and Kevin has just mentioned the benefit of margin we get from exiting. Exiting was a last resort. But nevertheless, you can see the company's positive traction in margin recovery from having exited the business and still having some good top line growth. The second plank, and really the most interesting one and where we've candidly been treading water, and while that's disappointing in the absolute, I think the particulars around the facts are important. But treading water was really around some categories in Functional Fragrance in the Fragrance businesses. And the treading water was the identification of the need to fix some businesses. And candidly, the team have really taken some excellent actions to move the progress ahead, but we have been hit by significant raw material cost increases over the last couple of years. So it's a function of taking some pricing with customers, revising some formulas, doing some things we inside the company call "some value creation," which is streamlining the business. We've done a number of things, all of which have been positive in terms of margin recovery, but they've been offset by the, if you will, the tsunami of the raw material cost increases in the last couple of years. So since that meeting, we've probably made very little traction despite some really strong actions. But if this grow-the-categories, we're still doing that, we will exit some low margin. But that fixed Functional, we've made some -- little progress. We've still got more to do, but it's been a great experience. And had we not, frankly, been able to engender some of the successes I just talked about in the light of the cost increases, the margin would have been extremely negative.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erik Sjogren from Morgan Stanley.
Erik Sjogren - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, [indiscernible], it's Erik Sjogren at Morgan Stanley. The only question remaining for me is really on the Flavors business. I mean, a 3% impact from the portfolio rationalization in the third quarter, is this a run rate now? Or are you adding significantly more to the products you're considering here for the next couple of quarters going forward?
Hernan Vaisman: It's Hernan. So this is the run rate. I mean, just to give more -- I mean, Flavors some more information, this is -- what you've seen this quarter is what we expect to have in the next few quarters. So in other words, after, I mean, the second half -- or in the second half of the next year, we will not see any more business discontinued. Of course, we are always reviewing our portfolio, but I would say that we can say that we are largely done by half of next year.
Operator: And there are no further questions. Do you have closing remarks?
Douglas D. Tough: Yes. Thanks. I'd like to thank all the participants on the call for their support today. Particularly with the federal election, there's many potential distractions for all of us. For those IFF employees on the call, I would like to reiterate my thanks and appreciation for all you've done during the last week in keeping the business going strongly. And for all the people on the call, we look forward to our Q4 and final year results, which we expect to be positive. Thank you for your participation today. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's International Flavors & Fragrance conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-10 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Shelley Young – Director-Investor Relations Douglas D. Tough – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hernan Vaisman – Group President, Flavors Nicolas Mirzayantz – Group President, Fragrances Kevin Berryman – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark Astrachan – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co. Lauren Lieberman – Barclays Capital Edward Aaron – RBC Capital Markets Jeffrey Zekauskas – JPMorgan John Roberts – Buckingham Research Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co. 
Operator:  At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances’ Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be on a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. Participants will be announced by their name and company, and in order to give all participants an opportunity to ask their questions, we request a limit of one question per person. I would now like to introduce Shelley Young, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Shelley Young:  Thank you, operator. Good morning and good afternoon, everyone and welcome to IFF’s second quarter conference call. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing our second quarter 2012 financial results. A copy of the release can be found on our website at iff.com. Please note that this call is being recorded live and will be available for replay for up to one year on our website. Before turning the call over to management, I’d like to take care of a few housekeeping items. Please keep in mind that during this call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company’s performance, particularly with regard to the second half and full-year 2012. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, please refer to our forward-looking statements and risk factors contained in today’s 10-Q filing with the SEC as well as our 2011 10-K filed on February 28, 2012 and our press release that we filed this morning, all of which are available on our website. Some of today’s prepared remarks will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude those items that we believe affect comparability. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their respective GAAP measures is set forth in our press release that we issued earlier today and on our website. Now I’d like to introduce the participants on today’s call. With me today is Doug Tough, our Chairman and CEO; Hernan Vaisman, our President of Flavors; Nicolas Mirzayantz, our President of Fragrances; and Kevin Berryman, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Doug Tough, our Chairman and CEO.
Douglas D. Tough:  Thank you, Shelley, and good morning and good afternoon everyone. We are pleased with our performance this quarter, especially in light of the macroeconomic challenges presented by the ongoing difficulties in Western Europe and external sales volume declines in our Fragrance Ingredients business. Despite these challenges, we were able to deliver solid top line growth and even stronger double-digit earnings per share growth due to our efforts to diversify our revenue base, focus on our customers and control our costs. Our diversity in terms of our customers, our end-use categories and our geographic footprint allowed us to continue to grow our business this quarter and deliver local currency sales growth of 4% and on a like-for-like basis, local currency sales growth of 5%. The growth we achieved this quarter, the highest since the first quarter of 2011 is due to the momentum we have established in many areas of the business. Our global reach and our customer intimacy enable us to better serve our customers and capitalize on opportunities that are available today for market share growth. IFF’s growth this quarter was driven by our Flavors business, which delivered 8% local currency growth on top of 8% local currency growth in the prior year quarter. The year-over-year performance reflects the balanced and the consistent nature of our business, and a strong and growing presence we have in emerging markets. We also saw growth in our Fragrance Compounds business this quarter, which delivered 6% local currency sales growth. Solid growth in both the Fine & Beauty Care and the Functional Fragrance categories offset continued erosion in Ingredients. Nicolas Mirzayantz will provide more details on our Ingredients business later in the call. As anticipated this quarter was an inflection point for our business in terms of volume, costs and profitability and we are pleased with the results. Raw material cost increases started to ease this quarter. However, they remain at high levels. As you know, raw material prices have been increasing for the last five quarters on average by 11% each quarter. We have been able to mitigate this inflation through pricing resulting in a more favorable relationship between raw material price increases and pricing this quarter. Our other margin enhancing efforts including cost efficiencies and volume leverage when combined with pricing led to gross margins expanding 210 basis points to 41.8% this quarter versus 39.7% in the year-ago and 40.2% in the first quarter of 2012. Our adjusted operating profit increased 8% to $132.3 million driven by gross margin expansion and our cost management discipline. Our adjusted operating margin expanded 130 basis points to 18.3% of sales from the second quarter of 2011. Our enhanced operating profit combined with lower interest expense and other income and expense gains resulted in our ability to achieve earnings per share of $1.08 this quarter. We are able to achieve these results off of modest top line growth due to a continued focus on margin improvement opportunities, which include the exit of low-margin business that Hernan will talk to. We’ll now turn the call over to Hernan and Nicolas, who will provide you with an update on the progress of our business units, and then to Kevin Berryman, our CFO who will provide an overview of our financial performance. After their respective sessions, I will give you some perspective on our outlook for the balance of the year. I would now like to introduce our Group President of Flavors, Hernan Vaisman.
Hernan Vaisman:  Thank you, Doug. I am pleased to report that this quarter, the Flavor business delivered 9% local currency growth on a like-for-like basis, which excludes approximately one percentage point associated with the strategic exit of low-margin sales activities, on top of that 8% local currency growth that we delivered in the second quarter of 2011. This is our 26 consecutive quarter of local currency sales growth. This quarter, we delivered a strong growth across all regions and categories with sequential growth over the first quarter in every region. Our beverage category achieved double-digit growth this quarter while Savory, Sweet, Dairy also delivered solid growth. In North America, like-for-like growth was 12% excluding the exit of low-margin sales activities. The best-performing category was once again beverage, which was up strong double-digit due to new exciting wins in a steel beverage and other refreshing drinks. Dairy also delivered double-digit growth in the second quarter. We also saw incremental sales related to our sweetness modulation tools. Savory also increased on a like-for-like basis of winning part to savory modulation tools as part of our health and wellness initiatives. Within our EAME region, like-for-like growth of 8% was led by strong growth in savory. Western Europe continues to be positive territory overall, due to continued strong wins in the market and volume growth in the emerging market of Africa and the Middle East. In Latin America, local currency growth was 6%, led by double-digit growth in Sweet and a strong growth in Dairy and Beverage. We are looking to improve our sales momentum in Latin America. Greater Asia is our largest region, and once again this region delivered a strong growth with 9% local currency growth. On a like-for-like basis, Greater Asia grew at 10%. This growth was led by double-digit growth in Dairy and high single-digit growth in Beverage, Savory and Sweet. As you know, our Flavors business is heavily indexed in the emerging markets, which are growing a bit much faster rate than other areas of the world due to changes in disposable income and lifestyle. People in these markets are not only looking for great, authentic taste and convenience. They are looking for healthier options in the food they eat. To better support our customers in the emerging markets, we are building new facilities in Singapore and China, and expect to be making announcement of the opening of Singapore later this year and China early next year. We continue to invest in building creative centers that expand our global footprint and put us in closer proximity to our customer base. In June, we announced the opening of a new facility in Delhi, India to house creative, technical, sensory and sales professionals. This facility will help us to better serve our global and regional customers’ present and future needs and create the best taste for the Indian market. We have an 80 years history in India, and this investment together with our investment in Singapore and China demonstrate our faith and commitment to the region.  This quarter, Flavors in emerging market achieved double digit increase on a local currency basis for the eleventh consecutive quarter. This performance was driven by double digit local currency growth in Africa, the Middle East, Asia, as well as strong growth in South Cone and Brazil. Turning to profit, second quarter segment operating profit increased $10 million or 13.5% to $81 million. The strong volume, driven in part by new wins, favorable mix, pricing increase, the exiting of low margin business and ongoing cost reductions, more than offset rising raw material costs and resulted in increased gross margins. Improved our gross margins more than offset increases in research, selling and admin expenses. 
 : However, our consistent underlying sales growth remains strong driven by new businesses wins, using our sweetness and savory modulation tools to make our customers’ end products healthier. We are excited of our future growth prospect. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Nicolas Mirzayantz, our Group President of Fragrances.
Nicolas Mirzayantz:  Thank you, Hernan, and good morning, everyone. For Fragrances in the second quarter of 2012, local currency sales were flat compared with the prior year quarter. Improved pricing, new business wins and favorable product mix were offset by declining ingredients volume. We saw positive trends in many areas of the business, resulting in a sequential improvement over the prior quarter in our Fragrance Compound business. Local currency sales gross in Fine & Beauty Care increased 4% with strong growth in hair care in all regions and in toiletries especially in Latin America and EAME. The Fine & Beauty category was up 29% in LatAm and 11% in Greater Asia. In Functional Fragrance, we saw strong growth led by fabric care. Local currency sales growth of 7% was positive for the 16 consecutive quarter as new business wins, less erosion in the base business and the realization of price increases continue to drive results. The Functional Fragrance category was up 11% in Latin America, up 6% in Greater Asia and up 8% in EAME. Our Fragrance Compound business was up 6% overall led by strong growth in Latin America and Greater Asia. This growth reflects the strength of our strategic relationships with our global and regional customers and our long-standing presence in the emerging markets. Sales from encapsulation technology continued to increase double-digit and supported the growth in our Functional Fragrance business. Unfortunately, we’re facing continued challenges in both Western Europe and in Fragrance Ingredients.  Our total Fragrance business in EAME had negative local currency growth due to a 4% decline in Fine & Beauty Care and 24% decline in ingredients offset in part by the growth of 8% in Functional Fragrances. Sales in our EAME region were negatively affected by the ongoing Eurozone issues and the effect of economic uncertainty and unemployment on disposable income. Now, I’d like to say a few words on Fragrance Ingredients since this has been a concern to investors. Over the past year, we have seen continued deterioration on the external sales components of our Fragrance Ingredients business. This has prompted a thorough strategic review of our Ingredients business.  Unprecedented increases in input cost and the resulting change in both competitive pricing and our customers’ willingness to take additional supply chain risk to minimize their own input cost pressures have resulted in a change in industry dynamics. With the availability of cheaper materials from low price manufacturers in China and India, we are seeing incremental pressure on the top line, particularly in those non-patent protected ingredients that are commonly found in the marketplace. Our strategic review and evaluation of options to improve the overall performance of our Ingredient business has confirmed that the Ingredient business has been and continues to be of strategic value to IFF due to the supply of cost advantage ingredients to our Fragrance Compounds business and the profitable sales of ingredients to external customers at acceptable margins. Overall, we have maintained our gross margin in this business even on the lower volume.  I want to make clear that we are not looking to close or sell this business based on our current views. However, changes to operating models are required. We are now developing the specifics for how we will execute against the plan that will reduce cost to levels consistent with existing realities of the market. We will be communicating further actions to you at the appropriate time, so as not to impact our competitive positioning and ability to successfully execute. After four challenging quarters, our continued focus on cost savings initiatives and discipline, improved mix and pricing allowed us to more than offset continued although lower increases in raw material input costs. As a result of these factors, gross margins expanded over the prior year helping support gross margin expansion at the consolidated level and resulted in improved segment operating profit. Segment operating profit increased 2% or $1 million this quarter to $64 million. Our segment operating margin expended 90 basis points to 17.7%, up from 16.8% a year ago. We expect category and geographic diversification to help mitigate continued volume declines in Fragrance Ingredients. We expect to see continued momentum in Fine & Beauty Care and moderate growth in Functional Fragrance.  We are encouraged by the pipeline of new business in our Fine & Beauty Care and Functional categories, as well as continued traction against our encapsulation technology, but we still must be mindful of potential economic weakness in Europe where economies are under pressure and in ingredients. We also expect continued margin recovery as we continue to implement further increases in pricing and focus on cost efficiencies and cost discipline. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Berryman, our CFO.
Kevin Berryman: Thank you, Nicolas, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Reported revenues for the second quarter totaled $721.3 million, an increase of 1% versus the prior year quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, local currency sales increased 4%. On a like-for-like basis, excluding the impact of lower margin discontinued sales activities, our local currency sales growth was 5%, reflecting improved sales trends in many parts of our global business. As you’ve heard from Hernan, Flavors achieved high single-digit growth in every region, an 8% growth overall. This is on top of 8% growth in the year-ago quarter, which speaks to the consistency and stability of this business. Excluding the impact of discontinued business, Flavors growth was 9% led by a long list of new product wins among a diverse set of customers. In Fragrance, the growth in Fine & Beauty Care and Functional was much improved from the first quarter, although the 6% local currency growth in compounds was offset by volume softness in Ingredients, resulting in flat Fragrance local currency sales growth for the quarter. I want to saw a few words about our performance in Europe. We have seen some weakness in Western Europe, particularly in those countries as economies are challenged by low growth and high unemployment. Overall, our Flavors business continues to grow, but our Fragrance business, which accounts for nearly two-thirds of the volume in Western Europe, has been pressured by both the weakness in European economies as well as pressure in Ingredients. On the positive side, we are not heavily indexed to the countries that are most under economic pressure and even though our volume is somewhat impacted, our geographic diversity has muted the impact. As you know, we have a large geographic footprint in both developed and emerging markets. We are extremely well indexed in the emerging markets, perhaps better than any of our competitors, but we are seeing emerging market growth of 9% this quarter on a local currency basis led by very high growth in Indonesia, Singapore and Malaysia, and Vietnam. The emerging markets represented 48% of our sales in the second quarter, up from 46% of sales in the first quarter, so they continue to grow much faster than the developed markets. Many of you have been asking about our ingredients progress and I wanted to add a few words to what Nicolas has shared with you about the strategic review. As he said, we are developing a detailed plan for making changes to our business model. I’d like to provide some insight into how that will play out over the near-term. Due to the complexities of the business, we do not expect to see any material changes to our business in the near-term, especially in the third quarter. However, we do believe our plan will result in a stronger and more sustainable foundation longer-term. Turning to bottom line growth, adjusted operating profit increased to 8% to $132.3 million this quarter due to pricing actions and volume gains, which more than offset increases in raw material costs and increased incentive compensation accruals. Interest expense declined to $1.4 million in the quarter, reflecting lower levels of outstanding debt and other income, expenses improved to $1.9 million year-over-year due to favorable exchange gain and losses on outstanding working capital balances. I’d also like to talk briefly about our second quarter tax rate. This year our effective tax rate was 27.7% versus 27.4% a year-ago. This is primarily due to a reserve adjustment related to one of our tax defaulting cases in Spain. Other provision adjustments on uncertain tax positions and the absence of an R&D tax credit in U.S. during the second quarter of 2012. Despite a slightly higher tax rate of 27.7%, adjusted EPS was still able to increase 11% to $1.08, up from $0.97 in the second quarter of 2011 when excluding restructuring and other charges of $0.04 per share in the prior year quarter. As expected, and as we discussed on our first quarter conference call, our raw material cost increases started to moderate in the second quarter. As you can see in the slide, material costs were up 5% this quarter, and they are growing at a slower rate than in the second quarter of 2011 when they were impacted by a 12% cost increase. While increases in raw material costs are moderating, they remain at high levels. Since the second quarter of 2011, we are seeing on average and 11% increase in raw material cost each quarter. We saw the highest increase in the third quarter of 2011. Again, we expect that raw material cost increases will continue to ease over the balance of the year. In the second quarter, with the easing of raw material cost increases, increased realization of pricing and achievement of other margin improvement initiatives, we believe we have reached an inflection point in our gross margin percentage from both Q1 2012 and the year-ago period. As a result, our consolidated gross margins improved to 41.8% compared with 39.7% in the second quarter of 2011 reflecting gross margin improvements in both businesses, although both remained below the gross margin pre-inflation levels of 2010. This gross margin improvement resulted in adjusted operating profit margins improving to 18.3%, up from 17% in the prior year quarter or 130 basis point improvement. From an overhead cost standpoint, RSA expenses, as a percentage of sales increased to 80 basis points to 23.5% of sales, up from 22.7%. The increase in RSA reflects continued R&D spend of close to 8% of sales combined with planned spend in sales activities to support our growth in the emerging markets and higher pension cost. The year-over-year change in RSA is expected to increase in the second half of the year, primarily due to increased compensation accruals in the second half of 2012, over the second half of 2011. Foreign exchange in the second quarter had an approximate 300 basis point impact on the top line, but had a lesser impact on profitability as a result of our cash flow hedging activities, which we’ve discussed in the past. Looking ahead, over 70% of our euro-dollar exposure in 2012 remains hedged at a rate near 1.39. However, given the deterioration of the euro with current rates at 1.24, we expect headwinds from foreign exchange to increase despite our hedging activities. The full-year FX impact on our EPS is approximately $0.05 versus what we outlined on our first quarter call, when the euro was trading more in the range of 1.30. Of course, this will be affected by any change in rates throughout the second half of the year. Note also that we are nearly 50% hedged against the euro for 2013 at levels that approximate 1.30. From a cash flow perspective, for the first half of the year, our operating cash flow increased by $133 million of the first half of 2011. This was driven by increases in net income, improved core working capital, lower incentive compensation payouts in the first quarter of the year, and lower tax payments. As anticipated, capital expenditures increased in line with our guidance due to our investments in Singapore and China, and we expect capital spending to approach 5% of sales for the full-year 2012. Our investments in the Singapore and China are progressing well, and we will continue to be focused on supporting our strategic growth with a specific concentration on the emerging markets and the addition of new technology platforms. Our history has proven the willingness to return cash to shareholders and our Board authorized a quarterly dividend of $0.34 per share of the company’s stock, an increase of $0.03 from the current quarterly dividend of $0.31 per share. We expect to continue to increase our dividend in line with our earnings growth while investing in attractive growth opportunities. I would also like to make some comments regarding our recently announced settlement with the Spanish tax authorities. As a result of the settlement, we will report an after tax charge of $72.4 million or $0.88 per share in the third quarter of 2012. We have agreed to pay an aggregate amount of €86 million or approximately $106 million before the end of the year. The settlement was the result of recent discussions and we are satisfied with the outcome. Not only does it remove much uncertainty related to our past tax position, but importantly, we were able to agree upon the key principles that will establish the company’s tax basis in Spain for 2012 and future years. We expect to formalize this agreement before the end of 2012, and believe the terms of our agreement will not have a material impact on our effective tax rate going forward. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Doug for his perspective on the balance of the year.
Douglas D. Tough:  Thank you, Kevin. Although we are pleased with our performance this quarter, we are mindful of the challenges that lie ahead related to slowing macroeconomic growth in Western Europe, the foreign exchange headwinds coming from the strengthening of the dollar versus the euro, and ongoing top line pressure we anticipate on the ingredients business. Although we’re cautious about the second half of the year, we are positive about many aspects of our business. We’ve seen strong and consistent growth from Flavors in every region and our Fragrance Compounds business enjoyed strong growth in Greater Asia and Latin America. We have often said that our customers’ products are resilient even in a slowing economy, and we are seeing signs of this. Given the strengths of our customer relationships, based in part on our ability to provide them with valuable insights related to consumer preferences as well as our robust pipeline of innovation from R&D, we expect to continue to grow. From a top line perspective, we expect to see continued local currency sales growth in Flavors, offset in part by the accelerated exit of low margin sales activities in the second half of this year. In Fragrances, we expect momentum to improve in Fine & Beauty Care while also maintaining solid growth in functional. In total, we believe that many parts of our business will demonstrate continued growth. The one area where we see risk to our forecast is in Ingredients as current trends remain weak on our external portfolio due to price competition on non-patented ingredients that are commonly found in the marketplace. Ingredients, although an important part of our business, accounts for less than 10% of our external sales and we want to put their performance into perspective.  We expect to see Fragrance Ingredients continue to experience top line pressure in the near term, certainly during the third quarter. Decisions that are made by our customers, based on price or anything else for that matter have long-term implications for the business and we need to adjust our business model as needed to the new insights into the current market dynamics. With regard to margin trends, we expect that raw material cost will continue to stabilize at current rates. We expect our gross margins will continue to trend above year ago levels.  With regard to earnings per share, it is our policy not to give guidance; however, excluding the impact of the Spanish tax settlement, we believe that if our business continues to perform as we expected, we will be able to deliver year-over-year earnings per share growth more in line with the current marketplace estimates. We will continue to make investments in our business, which are vital to sustain long-term profitable growth, which remains our focus. Overall, we remain cautiously optimistic in our outlook given the lagging and uneven recovery cycle for foreign exchange pressures and softness ingredients. In conclusion, our strong performance this quarter is a result of our geographic footprint, our product diversity, and our ability to work with our customers year-in and year-out to develop new products that define the industry and delight consumers. Going forward, we remain cautiously optimistic in our outlook, given the lagging economic growth in many areas of the globe. We will proactively manage our performance and calibrate our costs in line with our top line growth as we continue to execute against our business plans. With that, here at IFF, we would be glad to take any questions you may have.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Astrachan – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Thanks. Hey, good morning everybody. Two quick questions. One, Kevin, on incentive comp, could you just give us an idea of what you think the headwinds will be in the back half of the year given some of the comparisons from a year ago? And then more just a broader comment, could you talk a bit about the competitive outlook for pricing over the balance of this year. And then maybe Hernan and Nicolas could give a bit of an update on how they’re thinking about it in their own businesses, especially versus some of the competition that seems to want to continue to take more pricing?
Kevin Berryman:  Sure, no problem, Mark. this is Kevin. Good morning to you. Look, I think in terms of the incentive comp, the way I would direct you is to look at our second quarter numbers that is pretty much very close to a normalized level of incentive comp and that would probably be a good measure to talk to or to model out for the balance of the year, that would not be a bad assumption, assuming we could continue to perform at our level of expectations. As you know, deterioration over the back half of last year resulted in us changing our incentive comp. so there will be differences versus year ago. if you use kind of the year-to-date figures, they’re going to be pretty close in terms of what our expectations might be going forward. As it relates to pricing, I think as you look at our total pricing for the quarter, effectively we had nearly 3% of pricing that was seen in the quarter. However, I will let you know that’s certainly skewed because of the dynamics of the Fragrance and Ingredients business. So if you look at the 3% kind of pricing number or close to it versus the 4%, it looks like the majority of the sales growth is coming from pricing. but if you eliminate the ingredients dynamic and really talk to just the effects relative to our compound business, we actually saw a greater than 50% of our growth in the compound business came from volume with, let’s call it 45% coming from pricing. So that continues to be an effort that we have been working on over the course of 2011, and there will be some subsequent discussions that continue to occur over the balance of 2012 as well, although much of the pricing has already been put in place.
Nicolas Mirzayantz:  Mark, good morning, it’s Nicolas. How are you?
Mark Astrachan – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Fine.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mark, regarding your questions about the pricing, it is important to mention that and as indicated input cost remained at high level in 2012, which required us to have ongoing discussions with our customers to capture additional price increase as needed. So we’re still engaged in price increase discussion with our customers.
Hernan Vaisman:  Hi, Mark, it’s Hernan here. I mean similar comments what Nicolas mentioned, we are still in ongoing discussion with customers. Our belief is that by the end of the year, we will be at least covering the whole impact of the input cost. But having said that, I mean it still have a negative impact in the margin on a percentage basis.
Mark Astrachan – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co.: Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman – Barclays Capital:  Thanks, good morning. Just wanted to first ask about Asia and particularly China, if you’ve seen any kind of slowing in demand or deceleration in base business volume or if it’s kind of a steady issue goes?
Hernan Vaisman:  Yeah, hi Lauren, it’s Hernan. Yes. in fact, we see deceleration in the volumes; I think that is basically because I mean you have a different consumer sentiment there. Having said that, I mean we are seeing now, I mean this quarter, the sales picking up a little bit, but the overall I mean having these relationships in China, overall Greater Asia were very strong. We have a very good momentum in Southeast Asia. That’s why I mean we started believing that it’s going to keep on growing at the current rate.
Douglas D. Tough:  I would say Lauren, just one additional comment, I think that the strength of the Greater Asia numbers that we have been able to show even with some slowing in China indicates the diversity of the portfolio, and the ability to continue to drive growth even when there can be specific markets that show a little bit of softening versus others. So I think that that’s a positive, relative to the ability to continue to put pretty good growth numbers up in the second quarter.
Lauren Lieberman – Barclays Capital:  And then what about the same questions for Nicolas, just in terms of Fragrance in China?
Nicolas Mirzayantz:  Yes. We have seen also some pressure and lower demand in China, but to really echo what Kevin was saying, the introduction of new product is in encapsulation and the diversity in the region are enabling us to deliver good growth in the region and to offset some of the softness in China at the moment.
Lauren Lieberman – Barclays Capital:  Okay, great. And then just also, I was curious about sort of base business volume trend, I think erosion was a bigger issue kind of Q4 and Q1. and then it sounded like Q1 was ending and moving into Q2 the reason is you have a little bit more confident was that the win rate here are even strong, but base business volumes are stabilizing. So, how did that sort of develop through the quarter, I guess from an aggregate basis. and then where do you stand as you look into the back half? Thanks.
Kevin Berryman:  I’m sorry, could you repeat the question again, Lauren?
Lauren Lieberman – Barclays Capital:  Sure, yeah. So, Q4 and Q1, you guys had already been talking about an accelerating rate of wins, but that the drag on the businesses in compounds was base business was weak. So, I’m asking how that has evolved, because at the end of last quarter, you said that things looking into Q2 were looking a little bit better when you are looking at the first month of the quarter from a base business standpoint. So, I was curious about that dynamic base business volume, and the outlook for the rest of the year versus new wins?
Kevin Berryman:  Thanks for the repeat. Look, the underlying volume of the business did improve in the second quarter as we expected. Wins continued to be positive, so we saw a good win, new win momentum. But we did see an improvement in the underlying volume of the existing business, which certainly helped support the improvement in the growth dynamics.
Lauren Lieberman – Barclays Capital:  And was the bigger shift, was there a greater improvement in the Fragrance side of the business, I mean obviously flavors has been strong throughout?
Kevin Berryman:  I think directionally, yes, but we saw improvements in both.
Lauren Lieberman – Barclays Capital: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks, good morning. I wanted to just start with the question on the raw materials. So, I think you’re kind of running maybe upper single-digits for the first half, and I think from last quarter, you had mentioned an expectation for the year to be kind of have a modest inflation. So, is it fair to assume that inflation will turn negative in the second half of the year on a year-over-year basis? And then can you give us any kind of early insight into how you’re thinking about the cost backdrop for 2013 in light of some of the stuff that we’ve seen with kind of the drought impacting certain costs?
Kevin Berryman:  Ed, let me take a crack at that and then if any of my colleagues would like to jump in. Certainly, if you look at our year-to-date figures on the input costs, if you just assume that we’re flat over the balance of the year, we kind of get to that moderate level of input costs that we’ve been talking about over the balance of the year or for the full-year. So, I think that it’s probably too early to say at the end of the day exactly what happened on input by the end of the year, because it will depend upon the mix and the use and so on and so forth. But certainly, it’s trending in the right direction. And then I would echo the comments of my business units, our colleagues who have talked that the input costs continue to remain at elevated levels and certainly, well above the levels of 2010 before the inflation that we saw significantly in over the course of the last 12 months or thereabout. So, certainly, we’re expecting to see that continue to improve. As it relates to 2013, a little bit early to say at this particular point in time and we’ll provide some additional guidance when the time is appropriate, but certainly the comments that we would make is, we’re continuing to see stability versus anything other than that. But it’s too early to say for 2013.
Edward Aaron – RBC Capital Markets:  Okay, thanks. And then I think you had mentioned in your prepared remarks that you thought that growth in Fine & Beauty would improve in the second half of the year. Can you maybe just speak to the drivers of that? Is that more of a kind of an easier comparison issue or are there some new wins that are kind of flowing through that’s going to give you some lift in the second half?
Douglas D. Tough:  I think it’s a combination of the two, but there is obviously a very good momentum in new wins, as we had spoke before, and that you have different ways of launches for the new wins and this year the majority of the wins in which we participate are more geared towards Q3 and Q4. So, we are benefitting from this new introduction to the marketplace and also another component is lower erosion levels. So the three combine are providing good level of momentum and good level of confidence for the second half.
Edward Aaron – RBC Capital Markets: And then just my final question related to FX, so I think Kevin you mentioned a $0.05 incremental headwind, is that relative to kind of what you’re expecting when you reported last quarter or is that the total impact on a year-over-year basis for the year? And then can you maybe just also help me understand $0.05 seems like, I understand that euro has weakened quite a bit but $0.05 seems like kind of lot just considering that you are about 70% hedged, so I’m just struggling with the math on that a little bit as it relates to the full year.
Kevin Berryman: No problem. Mark, look, it’s the difference in the balance of the year in terms of how the euro has changed in value relative to what we were talking three months ago. The reason is, because as you think about our structure of our cash flow hedges, those hedges are supporting investments or purchases of materials. Those materials go into inventory at the hedged levels and consequently as we get closer to the end of the year, the benefits of those hedges start to rollover into the 2013 year as opposed to seeing the benefits this year.  So effectively, if the euro continues to deteriorate in this year specifically, we’ll see incremental pressure because the hedges that are impacting our current purchases will more likely than not impact next year as opposed to this year.
Edward Aaron – RBC Capital Markets:  Thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JPMorgan: Hi, good morning. When you look at your Fragrance business on a sequential basis, your revenues were flat and your operating profits were up $8 million. Can you parse the $8 million as to where that improvement came from? Was it raw materials? Was I don’t know a quarter of it raw materials, a quarter of it price, and then there is some cost efficiencies? How do you look at that $8 million number?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Yes. Good morning. It’s Nicolas.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JPMorgan: Hi, good morning.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: The improvement was $1 million to the $64 million. I think that as we have mentioned, a lot of the margin improvement initiative, cost discipline, also the restructuring benefits that we announced earlier this year, and pricing actions are all contributing to offset the continued input cost increase and deliver some improvement in operating margins.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JPMorgan: And then, for the company generally, did your sequential prices increase in the quarter and do you expect them to sequentially increase in the third quarter?
Kevin Berryman: Yeah, this is Kevin. Yes, they did. So if you kind of look at two-year stacks of pricing, which is the way to think about it, yes, we did have higher levels of pricing in the second quarter. And given the discussion that both Hernan and Nicolas had alluded to in previous responses to questions, there is some incremental pricing that is continuing to be discussed with our customers over the balance of the year. So to the extent that those occur, those would be sequential pricing on top of the sequential pricing we have been able to realize.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JPMorgan: Okay, and then if I can just squeeze in the last one on ingredients. The Ingredients business has contracted at a double digit rate for four quarters in a row. So the comparisons will really ease. Come the third and the fourth quarter, are you now expecting volume growth but price erosion, is that the operative dynamic or is there a different dynamic that you expect in the second half?
Kevin Berryman: Jeff, this is Kevin. I’ll take a crack and then Nicolas would like to add any additional color commentary that would be appropriate. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JPMorgan: Sure.
Kevin Berryman: But I think as we outlined in our prepared remarks, we continue to see there will be pressure in our Ingredients business. It is certainly something that we have been incorporating into our review of the business and our actions that we are working on finalizing and developing are really embedding the most recent views as it relates to the ingredient business. So we continue to see some pressure certainly in the third quarter. There certainly has been volatility in this part of the portfolio. And Nicolas has already alluded to the fact that gross margin however has continued to be held in that business, which is a positive aspect, even with these pressures that we’ve seen on volumes. And so as we go forward we will provide additional updates into the future. but certainly, in the third quarter, we continue to expect to see some pressure.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It’s Nicolas, as you know the dynamic in the Fragrance Ingredients are really contract commitment every six months and as we’re negotiating for the second half, some of these contracts were renewed and retained and some were not. One thing, which is important to mention is that we really elected to older margins and some of the contracts that were lost, many of them were at margin that will be value destroying or EP negative. So we’re seeing pressure for the second half of the year, and we know that margin protection was really important for us and we didn’t want to chase low margin business.
Kevin Berryman: Okay, thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Kevin Berryman: Yeah. Good morning, John.
Douglas D. Tough: Yes.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: After you take your actions on Fragrance Ingredients, do you expect the external sales to remain large enough to justify separately reporting this business or do you think we might end up with it folded into both Functional, Fragrance and maybe little in Fine Fragrance?
Douglas D. Tough: I think we have to understand the full impact of the plan that we have. At this juncture, we would leave it reporting as a standalone item. and I expect we would want to continue to do that in the short-term, particularly as a function of it is very important from the Board to look at. I think the important part about this, I think is to understand how important it is within both supporting the current compounds business, but also the focus of our R&D continues to be on the development of products and molecules, which we then would sell on an external market basis and not be subject to the vagaries of commodity pricing and high volume, but lower pricing that we’ve seen. So we still see there is a bright future, we’ve done the economic profit analysis to understand how important this business is, revisiting briefly a comment that Jeff made a while ago, we did not foresee the magnitude of the shift in volumes.  So we’ve had four quarters of some softness and thought at this stage of the game, we would be coming out of that trough and comparing against an acceptable target in order to achieve growth that hasn’t happened. but that’s really what the focus is right now, but how important it is both internally and continues to be externally, despite the growth, it’s still a large part of the volume, we’ll keep the microscope on it at a very big level.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: And then secondly, was the incentive comp accrual above budget. And did you increase the rate sequentially or it was expected to be above year-over-year and it was in-line with what you were budgeting?
Kevin Berryman: It was pretty close to budget. 
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Yang.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.: Hi, good morning, thank you for taking my question. First a clarification, did Kevin say that in Western Europe – your Western Europe exposure, two-thirds of that is Fragrance?
Kevin Berryman: Yes.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. and just an update on your currency hedges, so you have that I think 70% this year at $1.39, 50% hedged on the euro in 2013 at $1.40. So what’s the best way to think about that once those hedges all rollover and assuming the euro stays where it is? Does that mean that your base level earnings from a translation basis is, I calculated something back-of-the-envelope maybe 3% or so?
Kevin Berryman: Yeah. This is just a quick comment, you mentioned $1.40 for 2013, it’s actually $1.30. 
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, got it.
Kevin Berryman: In terms of the 50% coverage, so if the euro were to stay at, for example, current levels and we continue to layer in hedges that would obviously result and that number coming down over time, because of assuming that the rates and the futures as it relates to the current spot don’t materially change. That will translate into a lower effective number at the end of the day when we finalize with our layering end of the hedge programs. We haven’t talked specifically about what the impacts will be, but certainly our hedging program doesn’t eliminate ultimately dynamics of currency over the long-term. It certainly eliminates volatility and fluctuation, and I think that’s the way you need to think about it.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. And on the Spanish settlement, about $100 million in U.S., what’s the timing of the payouts there and does that affect our interest expense?
Kevin Berryman: Yes. We will be making payments. It’s expected that that money will be paid over the course of the balance of the year; probably the bulk of it is going to be in Q3, maybe most of it in Q3. We are effectively going to be able to access our revolver to make any potential payments in the short run, but as you know, we have good cash flow dynamics in our business. So at the end of the day, we’ll be able to fund the operations from our funded payment from our cash from operations. And consequently once we do that, we should be able to eliminate existing bank guarantees that are in place relative to those tax matters with Spain and certainly the payments or the interest rates relative to our revolver are quite low.
Kevin Berryman: Got it; thank you.
Operator: I am showing no further questions at this time.
Douglas D. Tough: Well, thank you very much, to all our participants on the call discussing our second quarter results, and particularly the relevant questions which came from the participants. Thanks very much and we look forward to participating with you on the third quarter call in a few months.
Operator: Thank you for joining today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas D. Tough - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President of Fragrances and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer Hernan Vaisman - Group President of Flavors and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer Kevin C. Berryman - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Speaking on the call today is Doug Tough, Chairman and CEO; Nicolas Mirzayantz, President of Fragrances; Hernan Vaisman, President of Flavors; and Kevin Berryman, Executive Vice President and CFO.  This call is being recorded and will be available for playback under the Investor Relations section of iff.com. Please keep in mind that during this call, the management team will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with respect to the second quarter and full year of 2012, which can be identified by such terms as expect, anticipate, believe, outlook, guidance, may or similar terms and variations thereof. These statements are based on how IFF sees things today and contain elements of uncertainty. Accordingly, these forward-looking statements should be evaluated with consideration given to the many risks and uncertainties inherent in IFF's business that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is discussed today. For more detailed information about these risks and uncertainties, please refer to the cautionary statement and risk factor disclosure contained in IFF's filings with the SEC, including IFF's annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2012.  Please keep in mind that all numbers referenced, unless specifically stated otherwise, are on a comparable basis, which exclude items that impact comparability to accurately reflect on how IFF manages business. The reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, as defined in regulation G, is available under the Investor Relations section of iff.com.  I would now like introduce Doug Tough, Chairman and CEO. You may begin.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, operator. And good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Michael DeVeau, our Head of Investor Relations, is unable to join us today as he is participating in an offsite weeklong, IFF leadership development program. He asked that I remind anyone who has follow-up questions to please contact him by e-mail and he will respond as soon as he gets a moment.  Now reviewing our Q1 results. Excluding a 2-percentage-point impact related to foreign currency, the diversity and the strength of our category and geographic presence allowed us to continue to grow our business as worldwide local currency sales increased 1% in the first quarter, on top of the 9% growth we reported a year ago.  In Flavors, local currency sales increased 5%, or 3% on a reported basis, led by double-digit performance in the emerging markets. If we exclude a 1 percentage point impact associated with an intentional, strategic exit of low-margin businesses in the year ago period, local currency sales on a like-for-like basis, or as we refer to it, LFL, grew 6%.  As expected, Fragrance results were pressured by volume declines in ingredients, which had a 300-basis-point impact on total local currency Fragrance sales, as well as a challenging year ago comparison when Fine & Beauty Care grew 14% in local currency.  We were encouraged by the trends seen throughout the quarter as each month improved sequentially, a trend that has continued in the month of April. From a profitability perspective, despite a pricing benefit of nearly 3%, overall gross margin declined 140 basis points due to a 9% increase in raw material costs. This was an improvement relative to the fourth quarter when gross margin was down 220 basis points from the previous year.  Research, selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales were down 10 basis points as a result of ongoing cost control and modest benefits from our restructuring. However, as we have previously indicated, adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS declined versus the prior year period, but results are in line with our expectations.  After Nicolas, Hernan and Kevin finish their respective sections, I will give you some perspectives on our outlook for the full year.  And with that, I would like to introduce our group President of Fragrances, Nicolas Mirzayantz.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Doug, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Comparing to a 7% local currency growth rate in the year ago period, which was a record first quarter and our strongest quarterly growth in 2011, local currency sales in the first quarter declined 3% as new business wins and pricing benefits were more than offset by volume declines on existing business.  Volume in Fine & Beauty Care remained under pressure, down 2% versus 14% growth last year, particularly in Western Europe, as we compared to a 2011 period which included both new wins and volume that was stronger than historical averages.  Sales in our EAME region decreased 7% on top of 22% growth last year. However, local currency sales increased 4% in North America, and 5% in Latin America. Fine & Beauty Care sales trend improved versus the fourth quarter of 2011, primarily driven by an improved win rate in Fine Fragrance.  In Functional Fragrance, local currency results were positive, up 1% for the 15th consecutive quarter, as new business wins and the realization of price increases continued to drive results. Sales were up 5% in Europe and 6% in Latin America. Within this segment, Fabric Care remained a standout, growing mid-single digits on the local currency basis.  For Fragrance Ingredients, we continued to focus on driving portfolio management. While we have experienced top line pressure, we have been able to maintain and protect our percent margin on the external part of our business. We have been making balanced pricing decisions that have resulted in some volumes being lost. These volumes have been lost where our low-margin competitors are pricing to gain share in lower value-added segments of their portfolio.  Going forward, our priorities for Ingredients remain: focusing on technology innovation; product portfolio management; asset optimization; and operations sustainability.  Given the recent trend in the business, we are also conducting a full assessment of our Ingredient activities following the economic profit principle to ensure that we are maximizing our shareholder returns. I expect that this process will take several months at which time we will provide an update.  From a geographic perspective, trends in the developed market improved, led by North America, which grew 1%, driven by a 4% increase in Fine & Beauty Care. Sales in Latin America were up 5% in Fine & Beauty and up 6% on Functional Fragrances. While not surprising given the strong comparable I just mentioned and the economic situation in Western Europe, EAME sales decreased 5%.  From a profitability standpoint, as expected, operating profit declined 18%, or $13 million, to $56 million as double-digit increases in raw material costs and volume declines more than offset higher prices and cost control initiatives. As a result, operating profit margin fell 280 basis points to 15.5% versus a year ago period.  Looking ahead, we are encouraged that our level of new wins and pipeline of new business should lead to local currency sales growth in the second quarter. We continue to see sequential improvement in our compound business.  It is worth noting, however, that Ingredients is expected to remain under pressure in Q2, similar to our Q1 performance, as a result of our 6 months pricing agreements that were finalized during Q1 with a majority of our customers.  From a pricing perspective, in our compound business, we will continue to have pricing discussion with our customers to reduce the impact of higher raw material costs, a process that I expect will be ongoing until we fully recover our input cost increase. I would like now to turn the call to Hernan Vaisman, our Group President for Flavors.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Nicholas. Marking the 25th consecutive quarter of local currency sales growth, I am pleased to report that the like-for-like local currency sales grew 6%, excluding approximately 1 percentage point associated with the strategic exit of low-margin business on top of the 12% local currency growth we reported in the first quarter, 2011. Our performance can once again be attributed to new business win and higher prices across all regions and all categories.  In North America, like-for-like growth was 5%, excluding 2 percentage points related to the exit of low-margin businesses. The best performing category was Beverage, which was up strong double digits, thanks to new wins and increased volumes of products used in our sweetness tools.  Within our EAME region, local currency growth was led by strong results in Africa and the Middle East. Western Europe continued to remain in positive territory on a local currency basis, led by our innovative naturals portfolio but at a slower rate than Africa and the Middle East. In Latin America, local currency growth was strongest in Dairy, up double digits, followed by high single-digit growth in Savory and Beverage.  Similar to last quarter, our best performing region in terms of dollar growth and percentage change continues to be Greater Asia. Excluding approximately 1 percentage point associated with the exit of low-margin business, local currency sales growth was 9%, led by a double-digit increase in Confectionery and good growth across Savory and Beverage.  Looking at the geographic breakdown of our sales, I am very pleased with our performance in the emerging markets, which has grown double digits on local currency basis for the 10th consecutive quarter. This performance was driven by a double-digit local currency growth in Africa, the Middle East, Indonesia, India, as well as in South Con [ph] and many impacted regions in LatAm.  From an R&D perspective, we expanded our relationship with Evolva Holdings, a Swiss biotech company, to implement a commercially viable biosynthetic route for the sustainable production of a key flavoring ingredient. We expect this new agreement would leverage the progress we've made against our original agreement as we continue to build additional competitive advantages. Turning to profit. First quarter operating profit increased 1%, or $1 million, to $80 million, as volume growth, higher pricing and cost disciplines drove results. Operating profit margin was down 50 basis points versus the prior year period to 22.8% due to higher raw material costs.  Looking ahead to the second quarter of 2012, while we are comparing to our net percent local currency growth rate, we are off to a solid start as new business wins are expected to continue to drive our top line performance.  With that, let me turn it to Kevin.
Kevin C. Berryman: Thank you, Hernan, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. First quarter 2012 reported sales totaled $711 million, a decrease of 1% from the prior year period, as the impact of foreign exchange had a negative 2-percentage-point impact on sales.  Excluding the impact of currencies, local currency sales increased 1%. The emerging markets continued to perform well, up 3% on a local currency basis, on top of the very strong 12% local currency sales growth we reported in the first quarter of 2011. Adjusted operating profit fell 8%, or $11 million, to $122 million as pricing actions and cost discipline were more than offset by increases in raw material costs.  With interest expense declining $1 million and other expenses down approximately $6 million year-over-year, the decline in adjusted operating profit was mitigated at the net income level as adjusted EPS fell 3% to an even $1, in line with our forecast.  As expected and as communicated on previous calls, our raw material costs remained high in the first quarter of 2012. While both businesses faced significant cost pressure, it was most pronounced in Fragrances, where strong increases in naturals, petrochemicals and feedstock ingredients drove a double-digit increase in raw material cost.  Flavors raw material costs, which were up high-single digits, continued to be impacted by higher year-over-year cost of items such as citrus and mint and menthol. As expected, our traction against our pricing actions continued to reduce the gross margin impact on our profitability, as our gross margin shortfall versus the year ago period fell to 140 basis points versus the 330 and 220 basis points we saw in Q3 and Q4 of last year. This is a positive trend we will expect to continue over the course of 2012.  Given that input costs were in line with our expectations, and based on current prices as well as our inventory levels, we expect that Q1 will represent the strongest pressure point in input costs in 2012, as we continue to expect only modest raw material cost inflation for the full year 2012. As a result, our raw material cost comparisons are expected to continue to ease over the balance of the year starting in the second quarter.  From an overhead cost standpoint, RSA expense as a percentage of sales decreased 10 basis points year-over-year to 22.9%, reflecting continued cost discipline. Within RSA, we continue to make R&D investments to support our long-term strategic growth initiatives. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange and incentive compensation expense from both periods, our comparable investment increased year-over-year on both a dollar basis and on a percentage of sales basis. As I mentioned, foreign exchange in the first quarter had an approximate 2-percentage-point impact on the top line but had a lesser impact on profitability as a result of our hedging activities.  Looking ahead, 2/3 of our euro-dollar exposure in 2012 remains hedged at a rate near 140. As such, as currency rates stay where they are today with the euro in the neighborhood of $1.30, we expect foreign exchange impacts to be a modest headwind to earnings per share for the full year 2012.  From a cash flow perspective, we continue to make improvements in core working capital. As a result of these improvements, as well as lower incentive compensation payouts and tax payments, cash flow from operations increased $88 million from the year ago period to $53 million in the quarter.  As anticipated, capital expenditures increased in line with our guidance, and we expect it will approximate 5% of sales for the full year 2012. These investments will continue to be focused on supporting our strategic growth, with a specific concentration in the emerging markets and the addition of new technology platforms.  With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Doug for his perspective on the balance of the year.
Douglas D. Tough: Thanks, Kevin. Going forward, we expect business trends should improve over the course of the year, as we continue to capitalize on our strong emerging market presence, a healthy research and development pipeline and our profit improvement initiatives.  In fact, overall, April has proven to be a strong month for both Flavors and Fragrances, though Ingredients remained soft. From a top line perspective, Flavors' local currency should remain resilient even as we accelerate the exit of low-margin businesses.  In Fragrance, we expect local currency sales growth starting in Q2 to be driven by strong new wins. As Nicolas communicated, the one area where we see risk to our plan could be in Ingredients as current trends remain soft on our external sales portfolio.  Regarding our margin structure, while we expect raw material costs will rise modestly in 2012, we are seeing pressure beginning to ease, which when combined with our pricing actions, should result in gross margin expansion beginning in Q2 and continuing throughout the balance of the year.  We expect that this will lead to the third consecutive year of adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS growth, even as our incentive compensation program resets, and we continue to make incremental investments in R&D and other parts of the business that are vital to sustain long-term profitable growth.  While we started the year in line with our expectations, the majority of the year is still ahead of us. Overall, we remain cautiously optimistic despite the current trends in Ingredients and the fluidity in the macroeconomic environment, particularly in Western Europe, both of which pose some risk in our achieving our long term financial targets in 2012.  In wrapping up, we have started the year broadly in line with where we thought we would be. Both our Flavors and Fragrance teams have executed the strategy to deliver financial results in line with our expectations. Going forward, we remain cautiously optimistic in our outlook given the evolving macroeconomic landscape. We will proactively manage our performance, making adjustments as necessary as we continue to make progress against our strategic plan.  With that, we would be happy to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess, Doug, in terms of thinking about what you said, first quarter results, April trends, how do you think about that over in the balance of the full year relative to long-term expectations? Like you had talked a bit about that in that context on the last call. So maybe if you could give us a bit of an update in terms of where we're thinking for the results for the year on both the sales and earnings basis relative to this target? That'd be helpful.
Douglas D. Tough: Sure, Mark. Well, I don't think anything has really meaningfully changed, Mark, versus where we were before. I make that with one caveat, that we're probably as perplexed as the rest of the world about what might evolve in Europe, particularly Western Europe. It remains a little bit of a cloud over our heads and our customers' heads. But putting that part aside, the Q1 came in, in line with expectations in volume and profitability, in EPS. We think we're probably closer to the lower end of the sales guidance range we've given. And as I've just mentioned, we think there's some risk to the long-term financial EPS target. But relative to what our comments would have been, we wouldn't be meaningfully different, absent the caveat I've just given about Western Europe. I think the embellishment I would provide on it is the expectation that both comparables are easing, or as the overall situation now as we see it in cost of goods and raw material impacts is easing, the pipeline we have in terms of R&D wins, the customer wins is solid and the R&D pipeline remains robust. So we wouldn't be meaningfully changing anything relative to what we said a while ago.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just secondly, the spread between your volumes and your largest competitor's volumes have widened now to the largest amount in probably 3 years, at least since you and Kevin have been at the company. Just wondering what has led to that share shift and how you think about that going forward?
Douglas D. Tough: Well, I'll talk to this briefly and then I'll certainly ask the 2 group presidents to chime in a little bit. I mean, I think we would look at things from a longer-term perspective. I accept very much you said about the most recent results, you're aware the industry doesn't get share information per se. So we couldn't claim victory a few years ago, nor do we understand the absolute share position right now. But over the course of the longer term, our results aren't meaningfully different. We think we've got extremely robust comparables to go up against, which we've just reported upon. So we'd probably look at the longer-term, Mark, and say, do we have the level of wins underway with customers? Is there a level of customer intimacy we need to have to make sure we win? And is the pipeline in R&D short and mid-term and long-term underway to give us confidence that our current business plan's going to achieve the results we expect? And those would very much be the case. I'll let -- Nicolas will talk first with any embellishments he might want on Fragrance comments.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: As Doug has said, much information is not readily available, so it's difficult to comment. The most recent results show a difference, but when we go back to the 2-year, 3-year period, we have averaged actually a 7% growth above our long-term financial of 4% to 6%, and which -- a market which has grown over 3%. So that's important. And as Doug was mentioning, we see a very, very strong pipeline of new projects, good pipeline of new wins and also strength in colleague [ph] participation, which will be leading to sequential improvement as we progress.
Hernan Vaisman: Hi, Mark. This is Hernan of Flavors. I mean, if you evaluate the Flavors performance of the last 2, 3 years, I mean, definitely we can say that we are performing pretty well in the marketplace. Having said that, I mean, we really -- I mean, you see I think with our competition in Latin America, we see a kind of a softness in our business. We really address it early last year. We make several changes, we fine-tune the strategy, and I can say now that we are in better position really to grabbing more market share going forward. So overall, I feel very confident. The fundamentals of the business in Flavors are there, and the results are proof of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: It sounds like you're seeing in your value added businesses, seeing some nice sequential improvement so far this year. I'm wondering if you're seeing any signs of strength in that business beyond what you can just attribute to easier comparisons?
Douglas D. Tough: You want to talk to the technology opportunities?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Yes. I mean, I think that all with the business is based on the market, but also I think that you have to have the right portfolio. I mean, we have been investing, I mean, a lot in terms of technology, and now we are getting into the market and this kind of portfolio improvement is helping us to really get businesses from the market, even sometimes from the competition. So I think that this is the upside. On the downside, I could say that the -- Doug mentioned it before, I mean, Europe is under stress, so we can really see probably some volumes going down. But basically, definitely, I mean, the technology will give us the advantage to really overcome, I mean, this kind of softness in Europe.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But maybe just to kind of ask a follow-up clarification trends. Just on your kind of April comments because it sounds like you saw some strength in April. And this was I think in your report of this quarter last year, you had mentioned that trends had kind of worsened in the month of April. So what I was kind of getting at is when you look at just -- I hate to be so focused on the last month or so, but if you look at your kind of most recent trends, is the improvement just entirely reflective of the easy comps -- easier comps that you're up against? Or have you seen more of an underlying strengthening of the business as you look at things in the last couple of months?
Douglas D. Tough: Overall, there is a strength. I mean, Hernan has touched upon, and I think it's remarkable, the comment that was made in his opening remarks, that this is the 25th consecutive quarter of growth in Flavors and its growth off of a strong results again, year ago. So the buoyancy that we're seeing is growth on growth, and while it's to a lesser level, the general comment looks to be the same in Fragrance compounds. We remain concerned and made the note that the softness in Fragrance Ingredients we would expect to continue in Q2. But on the core Fragrance -- Flavors in particular, it's growth on top of growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I've come to focus a little bit on Asia because that's actually the one division where it just felt like at least in the compound business within Fragrances, it was pretty different than how we'd looked at it. So Functional down 9, Fine down 3. So Nicolas, can we maybe talk a little bit about what's going on there? Was there anything in particular in the comps? And then how to think about that going forward?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Yes, good question. First of all, we come especially in the Functional, as you were referring, from 14% growth in 2011 and 31% in 2010. So it was a comp effect. But it was mostly 3 key drivers that drove the decline in Asia. First, a loss of a business last year. So we knew about it, which was at the low-margin business, number 1. Number 2, last year, we saw a significant promotional activity with some customers that did not take place in 2012. And last, important to mention that we had also some inventory correction with a key customer affecting us in particular. So these where the key drivers of the challenges in Q1. We expect a sequential improvement as we progress throughout the year. Two factors: first, increased colleague [ph] participation and also strong win rate that we know will be backing us later on this year.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just to follow up. Because it sounded like particularly, at least the 2 and 3, the promotions and then the inventory correction. If I'm understanding, they should have actually been isolated to this quarter, so the only thing that kind of continues as we go through the year is the lost business. So does it turn positive as we get -- excluding Ingredients, does the compounds business get positive when we go into the second quarter?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: We have to see. We see a positive improvement as we progress, and we see continued improvements. So our expectations as we progress throughout the year, we should expect that sequential improvement for compounds.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then can you just explain, Nicolas -- I'm sorry, like significant promotion with some customers. I didn't -- my misunderstanding maybe, but I didn't know there was much that IFF would do with customers that was terribly promotional? So can you just elaborate on what that would have been or how to think about it?
Hernan Vaisman: Yes, sorry if I was not clear enough, Lauren. Some customers were very active in their promotional activities in the market. So a lot of advertising a lot of promotion in stores during that specific quarter, and the customers where we are highly represented. So we benefited from that increased activity and promotional activity. We did not see this year the same level of promotion on their part.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Got it. So that actually may be something that continues to be a headwind as we move forward, if that customer's promotional for more than a quarter. Okay. And then just maybe, Doug, for you. You guys mentioned on Ingredients, review is underway. Just what's -- timing of kind of sharing with us anything that might be more specific, both decisions made internally and then anything that is able to be share with us.
Douglas D. Tough: Well, the internal work is underway, Lauren, and the plan is to for presentations to our Board mid-summer. And with conclusions coming out of -- and Nicolas referenced that we're going at it with the same degree of rigor akin to what we've presented at the Investor Day a year ago with economic profitability and really a deep dive into all parts. So Board review is planned for mid-late summer and the implications, what we can share with you and the investment community we would do so thereafter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you elaborate a little bit about what the issues are in Ingredients? Is it that your prices are too high or your normal customers are now more backwardly integrated and so you have too much capacity? From a strategic point of view, what's the malfunction in Ingredients?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Hi Jeff, it's Nicolas. One thing which is important and that we have mentioned over the last quarter is that we have taken strategic pricing to protect margins from the rising raw material cost. So every player in the business has different portfolio, which are impacted differently by different feedstock. And yet we felt that the priority for us was to protect margin levels, which we did. But we don't see necessarily additional backward integration from some of our customers in that respect. So this is part of the analysis that we're conducting. And as Doug said, it's a very much in-depth full review of the different parts of our portfolio because I think it's about portfolio participation. You have a different set of competitors according to the different portfolio in which you are engaged, and therefore, we are going through that in-depth analysis.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So why do you need a strategic review at all?
Douglas D. Tough: Let me add a couple of little bits and embellish something. One of the points you'd raised, Jeff, was is there a capacity change in the industry and which could be a driving force and implication going forward? And that's one of the areas we're frankly investigating right now. Early signs suggest there might be some legitimacy to that. So when you have the couple of quarters or 3 quarters of softness that we've had, in the order of double-digit, it frankly is very much on the radar screen of both management and our board. So you can call it a strategic review or an extremely in-depth analysis to what are the root causes? What are the implications going forward? Is there a need to reshape the portfolio? I guess I'd liken it, analogous to the Investor Day we had a year ago, where we articulated some categories had robust profitability and would hence get enhanced emphasis, and some needed remediation, which is underway, too. So in the context of the broad-scale portfolio of Fragrance Ingredients that Nicolas just referenced, there maybe some of those that we emphasize and those that we de-emphasize. So that's kind of the -- and the other one final comment would be in this very price-sensitive environment, we saw some customers opt for a lower-priced alternative, and as Nicolas said, we retained the margin by pricing up, which has caused the elasticity to be a little more negative than we'd first thought.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: What percent of your Fragrance capacity is used internally versus sold externally?
Kevin C. Berryman: It's roughly -- John, this is Kevin. It's roughly 50/50. And you're specifically talking the Ingredients business when you asked that?
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Correct. Yes, the back integration. And the Fragrance compound business, are they charged market price for what they use internally? Or do you transfer that to them at standard cost?
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, we don't go into the details of what our transfer pricing methodology ultimately is, John. But we do have clarity in our strategic review in terms of the evaluation of what the costs are and how they flow through to the compound business to the extent that there are benefits there. And as you know, we only report at and track our business at the consolidated Fragrance BU level.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: No, I know. I'm just trying to get -- as you review the Ingredients business, should you look at the 100% of the capacity on a market basis to review it versus maybe you might look at it more favorably if you used standard costing, for example.
Kevin C. Berryman: We do both. That's part of our deep dive in terms of the work that's being done.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And then you had double-digit growth in the emerging markets, but in local currency, at least, Greater Asia is only up 1%, Latin America is up only 4%. Kind of where was the growth substantially above 10% to kind of weight average those up double-digit?
Kevin C. Berryman: The double-digit number was for Flavors in terms of their emerging market growth. It was a lower number for the Fragrance business. Fragrance had softness across both the developed and emerging markets.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Was emerging market Fragrance roughly flat or?
Kevin C. Berryman: Yes. It was actually both of them were under pressure.
John E. Roberts - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And it largely was in the Ingredients side that caused that? Because again, Asia had pretty steep drop in Ingredients.
Kevin C. Berryman: Certainly, that was part of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: In terms of the raw material pressures you're seeing in Fragrances, if I were to take out Fragrance Ingredients, is the pressure less on the other 2 segments? And I'm just curious if most of the pressure is really just on this one little business.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: No, it's actually across the board that you're seeing. Impacting probably some categories more than some others, according to the portfolio and the mix of the Fragrances. And one thing that you have also to take into account is that the input costs in the Ingredients are then also flowing into our compound business. So you see the impact internally and you see it also from the portfolio of Ingredients we're buying directly on the outside.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: It does sound like you're getting some pricing -- when you think about the 280-basis-point margin decline year-over-year for Fragrances, how much of that comes back as pricing flows through in the second quarter? And do you sort of make it all up by the end of the year?
Kevin C. Berryman: Mike, this is Kevin. Our pricing initiatives continue to gain traction in the quarter so our effective pricing levels in Q1 are greater than what we saw in Q4. The combination of our continued hold on pricing and continued pricing actions, which then combined with a more moderate level of input costs increases over the balance of the year will translate into our gross margin profile starting to look more positive in Q2 and then continuing to improve over the course of the year.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one real quick one for Hernan. When you sort of look to the second quarter and beyond, your sales growth was very good in the first quarter. It sounds like it's going to be very good in the second, third and fourth. Will your earnings growth start to mirror that type of growth and maybe improve as the year unfolds?
Hernan Vaisman: Yes. As was explained by Kevin and Doug, I think that we now start seeing the positive inflection point. I think that the pricing policy that we applied together with the departure of low-margin business will improve our gross margin performance. So I could say that it's going to be better. The second half or even the second quarter will be better than today, the first quarter.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you all very much for your participation. We look forward to having a further conversation in 3 months time. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau -  Douglas D. Tough - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hernan Vaisman - Group President of Flavors and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President of Fragrances and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer Kevin C. Berryman - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Asher Cronk - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Erik Sjogren - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Investor Relations Manager. You may now begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. With me on the call today are Doug Tough, our Chairman and CEO; Hernan Vaisman, our President of Flavors; Nicolas Mirzayantz, our President of Fragrances; and Kevin Berryman, our Executive Vice President and CFO. This call is being recorded and will be available for playback on our website. Please keep in mind that during this call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance particularly with respect to the first quarter and full year of 2012. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, I ask that you refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in today's 8-K filings with the SEC as well as our 2010 10-K filed on February 24, 2011. Some of today's prepared remarks will discuss non-GAAP financial information, which excludes those items that affect comparability. These items are laid out in our reconciliation to comparable GAAP measures, which are also available on our website. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. From a local currency sales basis, we are pleased with our full year 2011 performance in light of the 13% growth we reported in the year-ago period. Our strong growth in Flavors and the emerging markets continue to provide us with the ability to grow on top of last year's strong performance as local currency sales improved 4% year-over-year for the company. In Fragrances, results were less strong particularly in the second half. However, it must be taken in the appropriate context, considering the very challenging 16% year-ago comparison, which included a record level of new wins as well as restocking benefits across all categories. While gross margin declined due to significant raw material cost inflation of 10%, our ability to raise prices approximately 2.5% for the full year and our cost control efforts allowed us to deliver 11% adjusted operating profit growth and a 70-basis-point improvement in operating profit margin. This strong operating profit performance led to an 11% increase in adjusted earnings per share to a company record of $3.74. Analyzing our performance over 2- and 3-year periods to include the heightened volatility of 2009 and 2010, you will note that we have either met or exceeded our long-term financial targets over a 1-, 2- or 3-year basis. We think this is a positive sign given the challenging environment we have been managing through over the past 12 months. Before turning it over to the IFF senior team to take you through the details of our Q4 performance, I'd like to discuss our progress against the strategic priorities we outlined at our 2011 Investor Day. Stemming from the in-depth analytical review of our business, we identified opportunities where we felt we could improve our financial performance, particularly our planned focuses on accelerating growth in attractive markets, mainly the emerging markets; aligning innovation to drive profitable growth; focusing on differentiation or offering our customers something that our competitors cannot; and improving returns by fixing underperforming businesses based on economic profit analysis. Starting with our Global footprint, we felt that we could leverage our geographic reach to capture the attractive growth rates in the emerging markets. In 2011, our local currency sales growth in the emerging markets was approximately 8%, significantly faster than the developed markets. Key emerging markets now represent 46% of our total company sales, which can be considered among best in class for our industry. Accordingly, earlier in 2011, we began construction of 2 manufacturing facilities in China and Singapore. As our growth in the Greater Asia region continues to accelerate, it was important that we align our infrastructure to support our projected capacity requirements. The Guangzhou site will be dedicated to Flavors while the facility in Singapore will be used for both Flavors and Fragrances. Located near existing IFF sites, both new facilities are ideally suited to ensure a smooth transition with experienced in-house talent. On the heels of the investment into our creative centers in Shanghai and Mumbai, we believe these facilities underscore our long-term belief in the region, the strength of our local teams and IFF's dedication to serving the present and future needs of our customers as they expand in this region. In November, we announced the opening of a new state-of-the-art Flavor and Fragrance facility in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The new site houses creative and application labs as well as sales and marketing offices that support all categories for the unique and fast-growing Middle Eastern market. We believe that by having our creative and technical teams work very closely with regional customers in our ultramodern labs, it will significantly shorten the innovation process and increase speed to market, leading to incremental business. And more recently, we announced that a portion of our Functional Fragrance resources are being reallocated to Singapore and Mexico to more effectively serve the growing presence of our customers in those markets. Strengthening our innovation platform continues to be most critical for our future success. In 2011, we fully evaluated our entire research and development investments across all existing and new platforms. Our disciplined approach designed to improve our return on investment was predicated on the insight gained from our consumer research program. We then evaluated our ability to deliver innovation for each opportunity, taking into account the technical likelihood of success, including the research, development and regulatory phase. During this step, we also looked at the likelihood of the commercial success, which means even if we develop a solution that meets the consumers' needs, can the technology be commercialized at an attractive customer and consumer price? This was then followed by a full evaluation of the technology's degree of fit within our current strategy and the opportunity cost of not pursuing the project. Finally, we determined the resource requirements and prioritized the highest-return projects to maximize our investments. To track our success, we have developed important internal milestones to help ensure we are achieving our stated goals. At each milestone, we evaluate our success and failure rates to determine if any adjustments are needed in an attempt to achieve the greatest efficiency possible, thus increasing return on investment. To complement this new process, we recently formed a new scientific advisory board comprised of 5 scientific talents in the key research and development areas we identified in our strategic review. We believe this advisory board will provide us with external perspectives on IFF's R&D programs. They will raise scientific issues and opportunities, help us identify appropriate research partners, provide background in specific areas of expertise and assist in the identification and development of key R&D personnel. We anticipate that this will give us strong competitive advantage not only by tapping into the minds of the scientific advisory board members, but by leveraging their access to a global network of academics, high-level industry members and their associates. By maximizing our portfolio, we believe we can enhance overall profitability by improving our less-attractive portions of the portfolio to capture the previously announced $50 million operating profit opportunity within a 5-year horizon. In 2011, we began having fact-based conversations with our customers regarding appropriate pricing actions to improve our returns. We also had conversations regarding supply chain opportunities where, by optimizing our agreements, we could drive greater efficiency for both ourselves and our customers. Focusing internally, we evaluated resource allocation by category, by customer and by region across both of our businesses, thereby appropriately aligning resources behind our advantage portfolio and reducing the costs associated with negative economic profit businesses. This was most evident in our recent announcement where we realigned our Functional Fragrance responsibilities and reduced our workforce in Fragrances as well as other parts of the organization. We believe this initiative will strengthen our expertise and our ability to win in key categories and markets while simultaneously simplifying our decision-making process, improving our resource allocation and enhancing collaboration. It marks a significant step towards improving the underperforming areas of our portfolio that we have identified in our strategic review as we expect to realize pretax cost savings of approximately $9 million in 2012. In those areas where we were unable to improve our underperforming businesses through the aforementioned initiatives, we made the difficult decision to exit some businesses, totaling approximately $8 million of sales in 2011. And finally, more recently, we have instituted economic profit, or EP, as one of our long-term incentive compensation metrics. As part of our strategic review, we began including EP in the evaluation of relative performance across our business portfolio. We believe that evaluating EP helps us identify the resources and the drivers of value across various businesses and it is linked to the creation of shareholder value. While we are only in year one of our plan, we believe that we have made solid progress against our strategy. And while the significant raw material inflation in 2011 required us to shift our attention to more immediate needs, we never lost focus on our long-term strategy. For that, I would like to acknowledge the IFF's team's ability to adapt both strategically and operationally during very difficult times to deliver our solid results. Once Hernan, Nicolas and Kevin conclude their prepared remarks, I will give you some perspectives on the outlook for 2012, and then we will take any questions that you may have. With that, I would like to introduce our group President of Flavors, Hernan Vaisman.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Doug, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. I am happy to report that the strong trends we have seen over the course of 2011 have continued in the fourth quarter as we achieved 8% local currency sales growth, led by a double-digit increase in Beverage and high-single-digit increase in Savory. In North America, we continue to post solid growth on top of our most challenging year-over-year comparison. The majority of our success continues to come from health and wellness portfolio, as our sweet and sodium modulation technologies drove double-digit and high-single-digit growth in Beverage and Savory, respectively. Despite comparing to a 10% increase last year in EAME, our performance in Q4 accelerated versus Q3 as Eastern Europe, Africa and the Middle East grew double digits and Western Europe grew mid-single digits. In Latin America, growth of 1% was below our expectation as the softness we noticed in Mexico last quarter continued into Q4. Brazil, on the other hand, remained quite strong, growing high-single digits. Our best performing region in terms of both dollar growth and percentage change continues to be Greater Asia. Performance in this region has improved every quarter this year, growing over 10% in Q4 as every category reported a strong growth, highlighted by Beverage and Confectionery where we achieved double-digit growth. To some extent, it should be noted that the timing of the Chinese New Year did provide a benefit to our results, pulling some growth from Q1 2012 into Q4 2011. Consistent with the previous 3 quarters, the impact of exiting low-margin business in Q4 was approximately $1.5 million in local currency sales and a total of $6 million for the full year. As we have indicated before, in 2012 we expect the impact of exiting underperforming business to increase between 1 to 3 percentage points of Flavors total local currency sales growth for the full year, as we believe it is our best option to maximize shareholder's value. It should be noted that, while top line may be impacted, our gross margin should show a corresponding improvement. Looking at the geographic breakdown of our sales, the emerging markets continue to grow double digits for the ninth consecutive quarter. The BRIC countries continue to be the primary driver of growth, increasing mid teens and led by 20% flat growth in China. Turning to profits. Fourth quarter adjusted operating profit increased 18% or $10 million to $63 million. Adjusted operating profit margin increased 170 basis points versus the prior-year period to 19.6 percentage as volume growth, pricing action and cost control more than offset the impact of higher raw material cost. Before providing commentary in 2012, I would like to provide an overview of our full year performance. Local currency sales increased 9% in 2011 on top of the 10% we reported in the year ago, indicating continued strength in our Flavors business. The strongest growth was achieved in North America and EAME, both growing double digits as we continue to deleverage of our innovative health and wellness portfolio. The effect on profitability was profound as adjusted operating profit increased 17% or $42 million to $184 million. As a result of this strong top line performance, which included both volume and pricing growth as well as continued cost control disciplines, operating margin improved 90 basis points year-over-year to a company record of 21.1%. Looking ahead to Q1 2012, while we are comparing to our strongest growth rate on 2011, 12% growth, we are expecting a solid start to the year as new business wins remain strong. Profitability is expected to remain healthy as we continue to capture price increase to offset raw material cost and control our own costs. With that, I would like to introduce our group President of Fragrance, Nicolas Mirzayantz.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Hernan, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Local currency sales in the fourth quarter, while down 3%, improved sequentially versus the third quarter, with 5 out of our 7 categories delivering year-over-year growth. In Fine Fragrance & Beauty Care, local currency sales declined 6% against a 16% growth rate in Q4 2010 as new business wins and price increases were more than offset by volume declines. When evaluating Fine Fragrance independently, it is important to note that the pipeline's few links [ph] associated with last year's new win was abnormally high as Fine Fragrance grew greater than 20% in the year-ago period, particularly in Europe and Latin America, where we grew way in excess of 20%. Beauty Care, which include Toiletries and Hair Care, did post strong high-single-digit growth as the team was successful willing -- winning new business and capturing price increases. Functional Fragrance results were strong as all categories reported positive results. Highlight within Functional Fragrance include double-digit growth in Home Care and high-single-digit growth in Fabric Care, both led by the emerging markets and Europe. It should be noted that the strong growth, when combined with our recently announced realignment initiative, should drive improved returns as we continue to grow our business. It should also be noted that top line performance for our fragrance compound in Q4, which exclude Ingredients, was up 2%. And excluding both Ingredients and Fine Fragrance, the rest of our business was up 7% in Q4. Fragrance Ingredients continue to be the most challenged part of our portfolio in Q4 due to price-driven volume declines. Like in Q3, the adverse effect on volume was greater than historical correlations and therefore had a greater impact on our results. While sales decline, our Fragrance Ingredients margin remained stable as the loss of sales were associated with lower-margin businesses, thereby reducing the impact on profitability. Going forward, we expect market dynamics and our performance to improve as we progress through 2012. From a geographic perspective, emerging market growth did mitigate the weakness seen in the developed markets. In our EAME region, double-digit growth was achieved in Eastern and Central Europe and the Middle East. In Greater Asia, China was a standout, growing mid teens. While not surprising, given our strong year-ago comps and the current economic situation, it should be noted that Fine Fragrance and Ingredients in Western Europe decreased particularly in France, Germany and Spain, something that we will continue to monitor given the region's economic uncertainty. Despite a challenging second half, it is worth noting that 2011 was a record year in our fragrance compound business and is on top of 16% growth in 2010. From a profitability standpoint, as expected, adjusted operating profit declined by $9 million as double-digit increases in raw material cost and volume declines more than offset higher prices, the benefit associated with the European restructuring and cost control initiatives. As a result, adjusted operating profit margin decreased 230 basis points to 11.5% versus the year-ago period. It is important to note that the significant pressure that raw materials placed on gross margin was reduced by increased pricings actions in Q4, over 4%, and cost control initiatives, including lower incentive compensation expense. In addition, our previously announced restructuring in Europe provided approximately $4 million of saving in the quarter that further helped to reduce the impact of raw material price increases. As Doug mentioned, we recently announced that we are reorganizing our Functional Fragrance group to align with the Global category approach of our Fine & Beauty Care and Fragrance Ingredient businesses to simplify the business structure for greater efficiency. We believe these changes will have a positive effect by improving our speed to market, cross-category synergies and one consumer knowledge. Part of this realignment involves a reallocation of creative resources to support investment in innovation and growth opportunities, primarily to strengthen our leadership in the emerging markets of Latin America and Greater Asia, aligned with our customer strategies and investments. Our decision to proceed with this plan is a clear indication of our commitment to our strategy and continuous improvements. Looking ahead, we expect top line performance in the first quarter to remain under pressure as we continue to experience price-driven volume declines in Ingredients and softness in Fine Fragrance due to a strong year-ago comparison of 15% growth. Beyond that, we are encouraged by our continuing strong level of new wins and believe that our pipeline of new business resulting from greater access to core listings and large projects should position us well as we progress beyond the first quarter of 2012. In addition, we continue to have incremental pricing discussions with our customers to reduce the impact of higher raw material costs. With that, let me turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin C. Berryman: Thank you, Nicolas, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Reviewing our quarterly results, local currency sales growth improved sequentially versus Q3 to more than 2% in the fourth quarter as pricing approached 3.5%. While gross margin remained under pressure due to a 10% rise in raw material cost, improved leverage and sustained pricing benefits in Q4 helped reduce the impact on gross margin versus a year ago, as compared to Q3, with our Q4 gross margin down 220 basis points from the year-ago period, improved versus the 330-basis-point decline that we saw in Q3. We also continue to exhibit strong cost control, including benefits from lower incentive compensation provisions, and execute against our cost savings initiative to drive 8% adjusted operating profit growth, which led to a 70 basis points improvement in operating profit margin. With interest expense down $1 million and a $3 million benefit from other income, we were able to overcome the very low effective tax rate in Q4 2010 to drive 7% adjusted EPS growth versus the year-ago period. Turning to raw material costs. As expected, raw material costs continue to be a headwind in the fourth quarter. While both businesses faced significant cost pressure, it was most significant in Fragrance where strong increases in naturals, petrochemicals and feedstock ingredients drove double-digit increases in our input costs. Flavor input costs, which were up high-single digits, continue to be impacted by higher year-over-year cost increases in items such as citrus oils and mint and menthol. Looking ahead, based on current prices, we expect to continue to see modest low-single-digit raw material cost inflation in 2012. This is the case even though some raw materials have come down from their market peaks. At the end, our costs in 2012 are still expected to be above our 2011 levels and sharply above historical levels. This requires continued pricing discussions with our customers. From a 2012 calendarization standpoint, we expect raw material cost inflation to be greatest in Q1 of 2012, as we are comparing to our lowest cost period of 2011. Beyond the first quarter, our comparisons will become less difficult due to the double-digit raw material cost increases we experienced in Q2, Q3 and Q4 of 2011. From an overhead cost standpoint, adjusted RSA expenses as a percentage of sales decreased 290 basis points year-over-year to 23.8%, reflecting lower incentive compensation expense and continued cost discipline. Within RSA, it is important to note that we continue to make R&D investments to support our long-term strategic growth initiatives. Excluding incentive compensation expense from both periods, our comparable R&D spend increased year-over-year. Regarding foreign currency dynamics, foreign currency movements in the fourth quarter had a limited impact on both our top and bottom line performance. Looking ahead to the full year 2012, we have hedged approximately 2/3 of our euro-dollar exposure at rates which average approximately 1.40, effectively equal to the rate we saw in 2011. While the rationale for our hedging program is to protect our cash flow exposure, i.e., the transactional impact, the mechanics of our program produced similar benefits for our translational exposure. Net-net, our exposure to euro FX volatility in 2012 has been reduced by approximately 2/3 as the result of our hedging efforts. As such, if currency rates stay where they are today with the euro at $1.33, we expect foreign exchange impacts to be only a modest headwind to EPS for the full year of 2012. While first half 2011 cash flow had been impacted by a rise in payables, driven by a large reduction in payables associated with our 2010 annual incentive compensation payout and tax payments, both the results of IFF's strong 2010 financial performance, second half cash flow dramatically improved versus the year-ago period. Our cash flow from operations in Q4 specifically improved $72 million from Q3, even when including the $40 million payment associated with the patent litigation settlement. As a result and as expected, our operating cash flow dramatically improved over the second half of the year. From a use-of-cash standpoint, capital expenditures, as expected, finished the year near 5% of sales as we made incremental investments in manufacturing capacity in the emerging markets and technologies. We expect that our investments in 2012 to also approximate 5% of sales. In addition, over the course of 2011, we have paid off $124 million of our outstanding senior notes and, importantly, renewed our credit revolver, both of which we believe will optimize our financial flexibility, going forward. Finally, as part of our commitment to return cash to our shareholders, we announced in July an increase in the quarterly cash dividend, raising it 15% from $0.27 a quarter to $0.31 a quarter, which we believe underscores our strong financial condition and excellent cash flow position. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Doug for his perspective on 2012.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Kevin, Hernan and Nicolas. Looking ahead, we expect local currency sales growth in 2012 to be in line with our long-term targets, albeit at the low end of our 4% to 6% range, as we plan to accelerate the exit from some of our underperforming businesses, more particularly in Flavors. As such, we believe that our team's ability to continue to win new business will be an important driver of our results, going forward. We do expect some input costs to rise low-single digits in 2012, which will require continued pricing conversations with our customers. It is our expectation, however, that we should reach a gross margin inflection point if raw materials remain at current levels as we approach the second half of 2012. From an RSA standpoint, we will continue to exhibit disciplined cost control. It should be noted, however, that as our incentive compensation program resets, it will be a headwind should we perform in line with our current targets. In addition, we also plan to make incremental investments in R&D to support future high-value, at-stake initiatives identified in our strategic review. These investments are vital to sustain our long-term growth. And finally, as Kevin mentioned, if currency rates stay where they are today, with the euro at $1.33, we expect foreign exchange will be a modest headwind for the full year as a result of the hedging program. Nonetheless, I remain confident in our ability to continue to navigate through these uncertain times as we strive to achieve the long-term targets in 2012. Looking towards the first quarter, we expect Flavors to deliver good growth, even as they exit low-margin businesses, and Fragrances to be challenged as we continue to see softness in Ingredients and pressures in Fine Fragrance due to the strong year-ago comparison. While we continue to expect greater pricing benefits, the gap between raw material costs and price increases is expected to remain as we are comparing to the lowest-cost period of 2011, although this will improve versus Q4 2011. As a result, profitability and earnings per share will be under pressure as cost control initiatives are not expected to fully offset our gross margin pressures. To wrap up. At the beginning of 2011, we expressed optimism that we would continue to perform well despite macroeconomic challenges and unprecedented raw material cost increases. Our ability to achieve our long-term financial targets for the second consecutive year demonstrates the team's aptitude for successfully executing the strategy and navigating through a challenging operating environment. We continue to leverage our geographic reach to capture the growth potential of the emerging markets, strengthen our innovation platform to deliver differentiating products to customers and maximize our portfolio to improve the underperforming areas of our business. I'm proud of all of our employees, each of whom played a role in achieving our results, and I remain confident in our ability to continue to remain agile and work with our customers and our internal resources to achieve our long-term targets in 2012. Longer term, our strategic review has provided insight to management as to the opportunities to further enhance our performance, going forward. Our plan embeds these insights to address the opportunities identified, all of which, we believe, will maximize shareholder value. And with that, we will be happy to take any questions that you may have. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Mark Astrachan from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess, just to start on the Fragrance business. So a little bit better but still negative versus some easier comps. I heard what you said, Nicolas. I guess, maybe just a bit more color there, in particular on some of the places of underperformance and how you go about improving that. And I guess, in particular if you put it in the context of some of the recently announced initiatives, why focus on the Functional piece which seems to be performing better than the other 2 categories?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mark, regarding 2011 performance, it is important to take into context of the very strong growth we reported in 2010. I mean, it was 16% growth, which was greater than any year in the business, it really was a record year, and also significantly higher growth rate than the industry. If you look at it, it was seventh consecutive quarter of growth and obviously some pressure in the second half. Unfortunately, the difficult comparison as well as price-driven volume declines in Ingredients did put some pressure in the results and especially also in fine, where we had the strongest comp in 2010. So I think that, overall, if you put this thing into perspective and if you look at a 2-year average, I think it's indeed a very, very strong average for the business, being at 8% growth, so in excess of the market. I think what is important as well is our ability to secure new business and also to have access to additional growth potential by entering new colleagues or strengthening our position into some new colleagues. So yes, challenged in the second half, but we believe that most of the key driver was a strong comp. And if you remember also, in Q1 of this year, we were still having some strong growth in the business units and very strong growth in Q4, so therefore, we believe that we have an abnormally high level of pipeline, which affected some of the volume dynamic in the second half.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So just to clarify then, one, just could you comment on why the Functional business in terms of the restructuring? And two, do you consider yourselves share gainers, share losers in the Fragrance category?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: So to your first question regarding Functional Fragrances. First, we wanted to realign the business with the priority of our business -- of our customers and to continue to find innovation. At the same token, we also wanted to build upon the learnings from the strategic review that we did and building upon the economic profit learnings as well. We wanted to make sure that we were improving the performance, the margin performance across our portfolio. So that was really the first question. Remind me of the second. Can you remind of the second one, Mark? I'm sorry.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: The second is, do you consider your Fragrance business a net share gainer or share looser, or not all?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: We are a, we have maintained our share. We have maintained the level of share, the significant increase in share that we have gained last year and we believe that we have maintained it.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And just one clarification, Doug. First quarter EPS being under pressure, does that mean down year-on-year? Does that mean below long-term targets? Just a bit of help there would be appreciated.
Douglas D. Tough: I think it'll be, in the first quarter, south of the year ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on the Ingredients business because, if I look at the, what you reported by region, it actually looks like most regions got quite a bit better sequentially, with the exception of Europe. And so I, maybe I'm going a step too far, but do you think that the Europe softness had more to do with macro demand and then maybe you are certain to see some stabilization elsewhere? And knowing that a lot of contacts seem to, my understanding, is reset Jan 1, how is that looking in terms of stabilizing and starting to win some business back?
Kevin C. Berryman: Lauren, it's Kevin. Look, I think that, certainly, we are watching carefully the dynamic in Europe, with all of the economic uncertainty relative to the discussions on, in the news that we hear everyday, and I think that we're monitoring that closely. The Ingredients business, in general, is more oriented around both Europe and North America because of where the business ultimately is utilized by our customers. And so that is one area that we are specifically monitoring closely at this particular point in time, so no more news other than that and we'll continue to adjust as appropriate to the extent that there is any other insights that we gain as it relates to that dynamic.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. But the other regions, even North America, did get better or at least didn't get materially worse sequentially? I just -- and maybe you are trying to tell me, sorry, that Latin America and Asia just aren't that big and so seeing it go from down mid teens to down low-single digits. I shouldn't be reading anything into that being a sign of stabilization?
Kevin C. Berryman: No, look, I think it's the material part of the businesses in the developed markets, both North America and Latin, so that -- excuse me, North America and Europe. And so effectively, that's going to be the driver to the numbers that we see for the business...
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then any news on contract resets and kind of 6-month window for these contracts? And any renegotiating that you've done? Or are business coming back to you because alternative sources of supply weren't sufficient?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, it's Nicolas. Today's market dynamic still remain centered around pricing and pricing being a key driver for customer decision-making versus security of supply at this stage, so our price negotiation for the first half of 2012 were heavily centered around the lowest price. So going forward, when incorporating all the new trends and market dynamics to readjust our portfolio, but as we progress through the year, we have to watch the market dynamics and understand the implication for our portfolio. So as we have done in the previous quarter, we're constantly evaluating the different options. And this is also one of the reasons why, in 2010, we took the decision to the partial closure of our facility in Europe. So we're constantly adapting all resource and our assets to the market dynamics.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Asher Cronk - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Guys, this is Asher Cronk sitting in for Ed. This one's for Kevin. Kevin, how much did incentive comp benefit operating expenses in the quarter on a year-over-year basis? And how much of a headwind should we expect next year as you accrue to a more normalized level?
Kevin C. Berryman: Look, I think, as you know, our compensation plans are really aligned with the creation of shareholder value. And while we certainly met our long-term targets for the year, we fell short of what the expectations that we have set for ourselves. And as a result of that, that has an implication relative to the incentive compensation levels for 2011. I think, importantly, we should take and understand our compensation expenses, the key business operating expense associated with performance. So there is a certain amount of variability associated with that item. As we perform, that number will go up. As we don't, it will go down. In terms of the quarter, it was a material benefit for our performance, although I continue to rather talk to the number versus what I would consider to be a normalized level. And I think, in 2011 fourth quarter, that number is plus or minus: I'll give you a general number, it's around $15 million in the quarter versus a normalized level of compensation expense, so there was a benefit to that extent. To your question on 2012, we have provided some insight, and Doug has commented, as it relates to our desire to strive for the long-term financial targets. And certainly, that number that is in there relative to incentive compensation expenses embedded into that kind of direction that we're providing for the 2012 figures. So it's embedded into that figure.
Asher Cronk - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow-on, what are your relative inflation expectations sort of in the Flavors versus Fragrances next year?
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, we haven't really talked a lot about that, but we think that the numbers are certainly significantly less than what we saw in 2010 but remain above historical levels...
Asher Cronk - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then presumably, we would expect Fragrances to be higher than the low-single digit, and Flavors, lower?
Douglas D. Tough: Help me understand the question a little bit.
Asher Cronk - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just the relative inflation expectations by, in Flavors versus Fragrances on a consolidated basis, expecting low single digit. How do we expect Flavors versus Fragrances to look?
Kevin C. Berryman: Look, I think that there's probably a little slighter, higher number in Fragrance than Flavors at this point in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In terms of your expansions in Singapore, are there tax implications to that expansion?
Kevin C. Berryman: Jeff, it's Kevin. Yes, yes, there is opportunities that we have worked through with the local officials and local regulatory bodies that provide us some tax benefits.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and when would they begin?
Kevin C. Berryman: They would begin as we start to operate the facility. That's the expectation.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And forgive me, when's that?
Kevin C. Berryman: We're expecting that we'll get to the point where it's going to be over the course of this year, probably [indiscernible] 2013.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, in terms of your raw materials, I would imagine they were pretty high in the third quarter and they came down in the fourth quarter and they're going up in the first quarter. But are first quarter raw materials, on average, higher or lower than third quarter of '11 raw materials?
Kevin C. Berryman: Look, the percentage increases are up versus the same period a year ago, right?
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I know that, yes, but I'm wondering the third quarter of '11 versus the first quarter of '12.
Kevin C. Berryman: I would say it's probably at a level that is, because third quarter was the high mark in terms of our percentage increase, so I think that there's probably, it's probably pretty [indiscernible]. I'll have to get it and confirm that with you, Jeff.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm sorry, what did you say? It's probably...
Kevin C. Berryman: It's probably close, but I'll have to get back to you to confirm that.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, in local currency terms, you, Flavors grew about 9% this year and Fragrances was negative 1. So when you think, if you had to guess as to what the global market growth rates were in Flavors and in Fragrances, what do you think they were in 2011?
Douglas D. Tough: Go ahead, go ahead.
Hernan Vaisman: This is Hernan speaking. It's very difficult really to have a precise figures, but our estimation for Flavors is that it's around 4%, 5% for 2011.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: And it's also too early to say in Fragrances. We will need to monitor some of the result that will be published in the next few weeks, but we believe it's in, like, maybe 1%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: In terms of your outlook for 2012, you noted that you have roughly $9 million in pretax savings coming from product rationalization. Do you have any additional sort of restructuring savings that kick in next year?
Kevin C. Berryman: Mike, the $9 million is relative. I'm assuming you're talking to the Fragrance realignment initiative that we announced earlier in January, right? That is associated with the commentary that Nicolas had where we had a, the restructuring, the realignment work where we took the charges, $10 million, and we expect savings of about $9 million.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, and so I might have mixed that up, I apologize. So other savings coming from product rationalization efforts in '12?
Douglas D. Tough: No -- I'm not sure what you mean by product rationalization, Mike. The rationalization...
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: In terms of the $50 million, the, to improve the portfolio, but maybe, are there increasing pricing walking away from products?
Douglas D. Tough: Well, certainly, the walking away is envisioned as part of our numbers for next year, but other product rationalizations really aren't factored into our 2012 plans.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. So the $9 million gives you 2% operating income growth in order to hit the 7% to 9% growth that you are looking for on a long-term basis. Does the rest just come from volume growth?
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, look, I -- Mike, there's a variety of things. Clearly, we're expecting to see some growth. We're continuing to see some pricing. That will be offset, certainly, as it relates to some incremental input costs. And of course, we are also talking about the incremental investments in R&D to support the long-term growth initiatives. So there's a series of things that will translate into our ability to deliver, again, the long-term financial targets, objectives that Doug has alluded to.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right. Do you need -- do you hit the 4% to 6% sales growth goal to get there this year? It sounds like you have a lot of other things to help you out in terms of meeting those goals besides sales.
Douglas D. Tough: Let me just talk to that. I think, Mike, I think you're right. And there are 2 things that are on ongoing basis, one of which is just ongoing efficiencies, reformulations, elements like that which are part of the portfolio. And they're just, they're ongoing, a significant part of the puzzle. And the other is just the opportunities associated with new briefs and new technologies where we would look for margin expansion as a function of bringing superior benefits. And Hernan and Nicolas have talked about the new wins in the pipeline. All of those, we would look for, would bring superior products and margin.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, yes. So 2012, really, the focus should be on your internal execution, which should allow you to meet the earnings growth goals, and maybe, the sales growth goals take a backseat as you walk away with some products and maybe still have some issues in ingredients near term.
Kevin C. Berryman: Mike, I don't know that I'd characterize that. We're not planning on the growth. The numbers that we've talked about being at the low end of the range incorporate the other business that could potentially be eliminated relative to the discussion, specifically in Flavors, with certain customers. So we're still expecting some growth and get [ph] the profit algorithm, certainly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Sjogren with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Sjogren - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It's Erik Sjogren from Morgan Stanley. Could you comment a little bit about the brief pipeline as you see it right now in terms of innovation levels, [indiscernible] companies and so on? Are we seeing any kind of trend changes here?
Hernan Vaisman: Erik, it's Hernan. We haven't seen, I mean, big changes in the pipeline. I still -- I mean, the companies are looking for innovations and it's the same things that we have discussed in the past. And they're looking basically for, I mean, a balance of their way -- well-being to the health and wellness and naturals. So basically, it's what we've seen. I mean, having to say that doesn't mean that we'll be changing beyond certain things as they're becoming more evident in the market. So to really, I mean, answer your question, no, we still have, I mean, are receiving this kind of project that they are basically innovation driven.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: And it's Nicolas. A very similar trend for Fragrances, and still, the focus on innovation, focus on the emerging markets. And also, one discipline for us is adding, gain additional access to colleagues' potentials, so which increase our pipeline of new projects.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Yang with Oppenheimer.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Maybe a question for Nicolas. But on the Fragrance side, in Ingredients and fine, what's your sense of inventory levels out there? I mean, beyond the tough comps, I would assume that you saw some significant customer destocking. Is that, has that all played out? And related to that, how important is Valentine's Day to the Fine Fragrance business? I know, historically, Christmas and Mother's Day are big events, but how significant is Valentine's Day? Do you see a typical inventory build leading up to that? And depending on how sales goes, what are some of the repercussions in terms of 2012, positively or negatively?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: So in terms of inventory, it is difficult for us to have visibility at this stage, and we'll expect probably a correction. And as we saw the 2010 and '11, we saw a buildup of inventory, our customers. I wanted to make sure in Fine Fragrances that we're not missing any growth opportunities. I think that the mood right now is that people have been positively encouraged by good Christmas results. But at the same token, the brands are staying very cautious about the developments, especially for Europe, but still maintaining a good pipeline of new introductions. So it will take us a little bit more time. I think, like, in Q2 we will have a better understanding of the pipeline and the stock inventory at our customers. Regarding Valentine's, it is a growing period for Fragrances but nowhere near Mother's Day and Christmas at this stage. So I think that people will try to build on the momentum that was created around Christmas, but probably, too early to say.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, understood. And just a modeling question for Kevin. The, so I think this question was asked before, but, related to the incentive comp, but what's -- is there kind of a ballpark normal run rate on global expenses that we can assume? This quarter was a little light, but is it kind of running at $12 million to $15 million a quarter, is that a good number to plug in?
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, it's not that, it's, no, not a particularly bad one. But as you know that we register and recognize the competition expense again relative to our performance, so to the extent we overperform, the number will be higher. And to the extent that we underperform versus our expectations, it will be lower. So I caution you not to be so prescriptive as it relates to what that number is because it is going to be pay-for-performance, so to speak.
Edward H. Yang - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Sure. And your CapEx spending has increased over the last 2 or 3 years or so. In 2009, you spent $69 million -- $67 million. In 2011, you spent, let's see here, close to $125 million. The D&A hasn't really moved around too much -- $28 million, apologize for that. The D&A has actually come down somewhat. What's really driving that? And is that just a time lag issue? And we would like to understand that better.
Kevin C. Berryman: Look, as we are embarking upon sort of large expenditures, certainly, the depreciation would not occur for those items until which time you're operational. So certainly, the spend that we've talked about and the significant spend in terms of capacity needs and emerging market focus to ensure we have the ability to continue to drive the growth in those attractive markets. Certainly, we'll, at some point in time, as we start to depreciate those assets when they become operational.
Operator: And you have a follow-up question from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So 2 questions. One, Kevin, could you just give us an update on the use of capital structure in terms of potentially looking at increasing flexibility for share repurchase or things like that? And then second, on the guidance again for 2012 or the outlook versus long-term expectations, however you want to look at it, could you give a bit more color? Like, by my math, it would seem that the gross profit line is going to be pressured and that what allows you to get to the 7% to 9% operating profit longer term is more on the SG&A side. And sort of like related to that, are we using 2010 SG&A expenses as the base given what happened in the incentive comp in 2011?
Kevin C. Berryman: Mark, I think that, if -- the first question, again, Mark, was...
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Capital structure, share repurchase, what increased the flexibility to do something like that?
Kevin C. Berryman: We've been fairly consistent in terms of what we have talked about relative to our use of cash, Mark. And effectively, the, our overarching desire is to be able to maintain a level of financial flexibility. And certainly, we are focused and we'll continue to be focused on the needs that are going to be necessary to support our growth initiatives and that includes CapEx, obviously, in terms of supporting the business. We are also certainly being more proactive in our evaluation and monitoring of corporate development initiatives, including M&A activity. And I think that, at the end, we will continue to ensure that we have a tax-efficient use of our cash, including those opportunities where they might involve a return of cash to shareholders. So at the end of the day, we're focused primarily on our internal growth initiatives, as well, continuing to be proactive in terms of the monitoring of other potential growth opportunities. As it relates to the 2012 item, look, I think that Doug has highlighted the fact that there is certainly some uncertainty as it relates to 2012 environment, which we will be operating, that we feel as if we're targeting our desire to reach the objectives, but there certainly is some uncertainty as it relates to the environment in which we will be operating. I think all the elements are important, as it relates to the financial algorithm necessary to deliver against the objectives. Certainly, top line growth is going to be important, some pricing is going to be important, the management of or the delivery and the savings associated with the recently announced initiative. All of these items are going to be important for us to be able to deliver against the targets that we've -- are going to be striving for in 2012. I wouldn't necessarily characterize it as one or the other.
Douglas D. Tough: Let me just build a little bit, Mark, because, way back early on, you had something which suggested that it wasn't going to be sales, the results might not be sales achieved, they would be achieved through RSA management. And we have talked about and, I think, are relatively, are disciplined in the context of that. But the investments that we have in the strategic projects defined in the past are underway and we call them high-value at-stake inside the company. They are being progressed. The focus on R&D and an increased investment in 2012 in R&D is already earmarked. So the growth in the top line will contribute to the results. We did indicate in the early parts of the year we're going to be under some margin pressure as a function of the costs that we've had, raw material costs, cost in inventory until such time as pricing and efficiencies and other measures capture the margin we need. But it's really, as Kevin said, all parts of the algorithm that are going to get us there but it's really not going to be at the expense of investing in those items that we've deemed critical for the long term, i.e., R&D and some of the innovation and expansion into emerging markets and so on. They're all part of the mix this year.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Do you have any closing remarks?
Douglas D. Tough: My appreciation for the all the attendees on the call, the comments. And we look forward to talking to you in a few months. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin C. Berryman - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer Michael DeVeau - IR Manager Hernan Vaisman - Group President of Flavors and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President of Fragrances and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer Douglas D. Tough - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division Erik Sjogren - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Alec Patterson - RCM Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Investor Relations Manager. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. With me on the call today is Doug Tough, our Chairman and CEO; Nicolas Mirzayantz, our President of Fragrances; Hernan Vaisman, our President of Flavors; and Kevin Berryman, our Executive Vice President and CFO. This call is being recorded and will be available for playback on our website.  Please keep in mind that during this call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with respect to the fourth quarter and full year 2011. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, I ask that you refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in today's 8-K and 10-Q filings with the SEC, as well as our 2010 10-K filed on February 24, 2011. Some of today's prepared remarks will discuss non-GAAP financial information, which excludes those items that affect comparability. These items are laid out in our reconciliation to comparable GAAP measures, which are also available on our website.  With that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Michael, and good morning and good afternoon to everyone. Reviewing our quarterly results, our category, customer and geographic diversity, once again, supported local currency sales growth in the third quarter. Our Flavors business, led by our health and wellness portfolio and double-digit growth in the emerging markets, continued to outperform the industry and gain market share. In Fragrances, results were pressured by a challenging year-ago comparison, price-driven volume declines in Ingredients and a general weakening of our more discretionary categories, such as Fine Fragrance & Beauty Care. Focusing specifically on Ingredients, sales declined 15% year-on-year, as price increases to protect margin had an adverse effect on our volumes. The impact on our top line performance was pronounced, roughly a 300 basis point drag on Fragrance sales and a 150 basis point impact on total company sales growth, as Ingredients accounts for approximately 20% of Fragrance sales and 10% of overall total company sales. It should also be noted that while we communicated in early September that we expected Q3 sales growth would be similar to Q2 levels, macroeconomic and global market instability throughout the month hurt overall volume performance in our discretionary categories. Fortunately, from a profitability perspective, the discipline of our organization in the areas of pricing and cost control continue to yield benefits. While gross margin was under pressure due to higher-than-anticipated raw material cost, we were successful in achieving sequential improvements in pricing, over 3 percentage points during the quarter, and again captured the benefits from our European restructuring. In addition, our cost discipline, including the benefit of lower incentive compensation accruals and favorable foreign exchange, allowed us to deliver a 4% increase in adjusted operating profit and a 2% year-on-year increase in adjusted earnings per share. While quarterly results are important scorecards, performance over a longer period provides insight into how well an organization is executing its strategy. We therefore like to provide a few overview comments on the past 9 months of 2011. From a local currency sales basis, all regions and all categories, with the exception of Fragrance Ingredients, were positive, despite comparing to very strong growth rates in the prior-year period. While gross margin was under pressure due to significant raw material cost inflation, our ability to increase prices and to capture and execute on important cost control initiatives, including our restructuring savings, allowed us to deliver 12% adjusted operating profit growth and a 70 basis point improvement in operating profit margin. Extending our performance beyond 2011 to incorporate a 2-and 3-year perspective, including the volatility of 2009 and '10, you'll see that our financial results remain strong, as top line adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS growth are all in line with our long-term financial targets. Before we review the full details of our Q3 performance, I'd like to provide an update on our strategic initiatives. As communicated at our Investor Day in March of this year, our fundamental business strategy is predicated on 3 strategic pillars: leveraging our geographic reach, strengthening our innovation platform and maximizing our portfolio. As population growth and wealth creation in the emerging markets continues to increase, our geographic portfolio has not only laid the foundation for our success, it is a key element in our aspirations as a global growth company. In these markets, strong GDP growth and a significant expansion of the middle-class consumer are driving the demand for our customers' products. As such, through the first 9 months of 2011, our top line performance in these emerging markets has grown high single digits. In addition to the 4 creative centers we added in Shanghai, São Paulo, Moscow and Mumbai over the past years, we are making significant progress on the construction of the 2 manufacturing sites in China and Singapore, which we announced earlier this year. In addition, to improve our collaborations with our customers in the Middle Eastern region, we have just announced the opening of a new office and laboratories in Dubai. From an innovation standpoint, our renewed focus has been instrumental in driving new business wins in 2011. Separately, in 2012, we expect to bring to market a new technology in the Flavors business that provides a real improvement in the taste profile of many common applications. Beyond that, in Fragrances, we believe the development and commercialization of new Ingredients, as well as innovative delivery systems, should provide a strong pipeline for the future. And finally, we are having success implementing various solutions, including price increases, supply chain initiatives and resource allocation to improve the underperforming parts of our organization. As expected, we have also begun to exit some low-margin businesses throughout the first 9 months of 2011. While the impact was small, approximately $4 million in sales, it is an important part of our strategy to focus on advantaged categories. Going forward, we do expect this number to increase as we enter 2012. Once Nicolas, Hernan and Kevin conclude their prepared remarks, I will give you some perspectives on our outlook for the balance of the year, and then we will take any questions you may have.  With that, I would now like to introduce our Group President of Fragrances, Nicolas Mirzayantz.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Doug, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Compared to a 15% increase in the prior-year period, local currency sales declined 5%, as new business wins and pricing benefits were more than offset by volume declines on existing business. It should be noted that while volume declines on existing business are typical in the Fragrance industry due to the evolution of the portfolio, the year-over-year decrease this quarter was greater than historical averages, as we compared to the 2010 period, where volumes were actually up. In Fine Fragrance & Beauty Care, local currency sales declined 4% against a very strong 24% growth rate in Q3 2010, as new business wins and price increases were more than offset by volume declines with existing customers. Our EAME and Latin America regions were once again pressured the most, as we cycled a 20% growth rate in EAME and a 54% growth rate in Latin America in 2010. Volume growth on existing business in these regions was very strong in Q3 2010, causing significant year-over-year pressure this year, particularly in Latin America, where volumes were up an unprecedented 20%. Functional Fragrance results were similar to year-ago level, as new business wins, the realization of price increases and continued success in the Home Care and Fabric Care categories balanced out volume declines. From a geographic perspective, North America continued to perform well, growing 3%, as Home Care achieved very strong double-digit growth. Fragrance Ingredients was most challenged, as we took strategic price increases to protect margin from rising raw material costs. Unfortunately, the adverse effect on volume was greater than historical correlations and, therefore, had a greater impact on our results. It should be noted that top line performance for our Fragrance compound business, which exclude the 300 basis point drag of Ingredient pressure, was similar to Q2 levels.  Looking at our performance over the course of the first 9 months of 2011, incorporating the pressures of Q3, 5 of our 7 subcategories were positive despite very strong double-digit comparables. Both Fine Fragrance & Beauty Care and Functional Fragrance were up 2% on top of the 25% and 9% growth rate, respectively, reported in the prior year period. The area where we have seen pressure has been Ingredients. However, we fundamentally believe that our strategic price increases are best for the long-term health of our business. From a geographic perspective, the emerging markets continued to outperform the developed markets. Countries such as Brazil, Indonesia, Vietnam, Poland and the Africa region all reported growth on top of the very strong results they delivered last year.  From a profitability standpoint, adjusted operating profit declined $12 million, and adjusted operating profit margin fell 330 basis point to 15.7% versus the year-ago period. We have made very good progress driving margin improvement initiatives to adjust price increases, restructuring savings, strict cost control, increased productivity opportunities, favorable mix and exiting low-margin businesses. But unfortunately, the unprecedent rise in raw material costs and lower volumes has masked our performance. It is my belief that once we exit the inflationary period, however long it may last, we will be better positioned to drive our strategic initiatives and deliver profitable growth. Looking ahead, we do expect top line performance in the fourth quarter to remain under pressure as we continue to experience price-driven volume declines in Ingredients and softness in our more discretionary categories, such as Fine Fragrance & Beauty Care. However, we continue to be encouraged by our level of new wins and believe that our pipeline of new business, resulting from greater access to co-listings and large projects, as we partner more closely with our customers should position us well as we enter 2012. With that, I would like to introduce our Group President of Flavors, Hernan Vaisman.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Nicolas, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Marking the 25th consecutive quarter of growth, I'm happy to report that local currency sales in the third quarter grew 8%, led by double-digit increase in Savory and a high single-digit increase in Beverage. In North America, our capabilities in sodium and sweet modulation once again drove high single-digit growth, a trend that has been ongoing for 6 straight quarters. For the 7th consecutive quarter, our EAME region continued to achieve at least big ]ph] single-digit growth. Once again, within the region Eastern and Central Europe, Africa and the Middle East, all grew strong double digits. Western Europe also posted growth, as our innovative naturalist portfolio continued to provide us with a competitive advantage to win key new business. In Latin America, all categories were positive, led by double-digit growth in Confectionery and Savory. On a country level, it's worth noting that we have seen trends in Mexico deteriorate relative to first half performance, as consumers are being impacted by the economy. Fortunately, our results continue to be strong, led by our geographic diversity, as countries like Brazil, our largest Latin American market, grew double digits. Last, but not least, our best performing region in both dollar growth and percentage change was Greater Asia. Performance in these regions sequentially improved from the second quarter, growing 10% at every category reported strong growth, highlighted by Beverage, where we achieved high double-digit growth.  Consequent with the previous 2 quarters, the impact of exiting low-profit business in the third quarter was approximately $1.5 million. Going forward, it should be noted that we plan to exit additional business, specifically in 2012, as we believe exiting certain underperforming business is our best option to maximize shareholder value. I expect the impact of exiting these business will be greater than what we exceeded throughout 2011, and therefore believe that the quality of our sales growth going forward will be better as we further develop our more profitable businesses. For the 8th consecutive quarter, our emerging markets business continued to grow double digits. This performance was driven by the BRIC countries, including one extra eye for Indonesia where each country achieved a double-digit growth rate. Turning to profits, third quarter operating profit increased 13% or $8 million to $71 million as accelerated sales, including volume growth and pricing that's continued cost discipline drove results. Operating profit margin declined 10 basis points versus the previous year to 20.9%, as pricing actions and cost control initiative virtually cover the impact of higher raw material costs. Looking ahead, we have started the fourth quarter well, led by strong new business wins. Pricing initiatives should help to reduce the impact of raw material cost, and we expect that our focus on controlling costs should allow us to sustain momentum and finish 2011 with strong operational performance. With that, let me turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin C. Berryman: Thank you, Hernan, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Third quarter 2011 sales totaled $714 million, an increase of 6% from the prior year period as the impact of foreign exchange contributed positively to our top line growth. The emerging markets continued to perform well, up 4% on a local currency basis. Adjusted operating profit grew 4%, or $5 million, to $128 million, while gross margin contracted 330 basis points as a result of the significant increases in raw material costs. Adjusted operating profit margin only declined by 40 basis points to 17.9% versus 18.3% in the year-ago period as we continue to exhibit strong cost control and benefit from lower incentive compensation accruals. The end result was adjusted EPS grew 2% year-over-year to an even $1 figure.  Evaluating our gross margin performance in greater detail, I thought it would be helpful to discuss the drivers of year-over-year change relative to our Q2 results. It was our expectations on our Q2 conference call that gross margin would remain under pressure, although to a lesser extent, and what we experienced in the second quarter. Our forecast was predicated on raw material cost increases being similar to Q2 levels. And when combined with greater pricing benefits, would reduce the margin GAAP and show sequential improvement in gross margin versus the second quarter. The shortfall to our expectation can be attributed to higher-than-expected raw material costs in the quarter and a reduction in volume, which reduce the benefits of expected absorption in our factories. The combined impact of these items resulted in a shortfall in gross margin of approximately 200 basis points versus our original expectation. Pricing benefits did accelerate as expected, rising from 2% in the second quarter to over 3% in the third, as the team was successful in securing pricing actions to help reduce the impact rising raw material costs on gross margin. While we anticipated that pricing actions in our Fragrance Ingredients business would have an adverse effect our Ingredients volume, the downside pressure was, in fact, greater than historical correlations and, therefore, had a greater impact on our financial results than what we had anticipated. Analyzing the P&L in more detail. I'd like to further discuss input costs, RSA costs or research, selling and administrative costs and currency. As expected, we continue to see raw material cost pressure in the third quarter. However, we did experience an acceleration in Q3 versus Q2, as raw material cost rose 13% versus the year-ago period. While the percentage change versus the second quarter was relatively small, from 12% in Q2 to 13% in Q3, it did have an impact on gross margin, approximately 60 basis point headwind versus Q2 levels. While both businesses faced significant cost pressure, it was most pronounced in Fragrances, where strong increases in naturals, petrochemicals and feedstock ingredients, such as turpentine, drove very strong double-digit percentage increases. Flavor costs, which were up high single-digit percentages, continued to be impacted by sharp increases in items such as citrus oils and menthol. While we expect the raw material cost to rise high-single digits for the full year, given the recent developments in the third quarter, it is becoming more clear that raw material inflation for the full year will reach a 10% figure. That said, we expect -- we continue to expect less pressure on Q4 gross margins versus the year-ago period than what we have seen in Q3. Looking ahead to 2012, while we are still evaluating our raw material costs, we are now projecting to see modest increases in certain parts of our input cost portfolio. At this point, current market rates associated with several raw materials, while off their market highs remain above our 2011 contracted levels. This requires additional pricing discussions with our customers. Given the volatility in these markets, we plan to provide greater details on our Q4 conference call when we discuss our outlook for 2012. From an overhead cost standpoint, RSA expenses, as a percentage of sales, decreased 300 basis points year-over-year to 21.1%, reflecting lower incentive compensation provisions and continued cost discipline. Within RSA, Research & Development expenses increased slightly, as we continue to make investments to support our strategic growth initiatives. Regarding foreign exchange, the euro and several other currencies around the world increased in value year-over-year against the U.S. dollar and had a positive impact on both our top and bottom line performance. Looking ahead, if currency rates stay where they are today, with the euro at 1.38, we expect foreign exchange impacts to be modestly favorable in the fourth quarter. We have hedged approximately 80% of our Q4 euro-dollar cash flow exposure at rates near year-ago levels. Beyond 2011, we have also been proactively instituting cash flow hedges for 2012 and have hedged nearly 2/3 of our euro-dollar cash flow exposure at rates which average above 1.40. From a cash flow statement perspective, our strong profit growth through the first 9 months provided a 16% increase in net income. As a short reminder, and as communicated on our Q1 and Q2 conference calls, we did see a rise in working capital earlier in the year, driven by one, a large reduction in payables associated with our 2010 annual incentive compensation payout; and two, cash payments, both the result of IFF strong 2010 financial performance. When combined, they resulted in a decrease in payables of approximately $130 million versus the same period a year ago, which have resulted in cash flow from operations declining $126 million in the first half of 2011 versus the same period year ago. However, as expected, our cash flow from operations was strong in Q3, improving by $35 million year-over-year in the quarter, including an operational improvement in inventories versus the same quarter a year ago. This resulted in our cash flow from operations improving from $2 million in the first half of 2011 to $117 million through the 9-month period ending September 2011. From a use of cash standpoint, we are on track with our capital expenditure estimate of 5% of sales in 2011 and plan on continuing to make a $24 million payment on our Japanese Yen senior notes at the end of this month.  With that, I would like to turn the call back over to Doug for his perspective on the balance of 2011.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you, Kevin. Looking towards the fourth quarter, we expected the Flavors trends to remain strong, driven by our health and wellness portfolio and the emerging markets. Fragrance sales are expected to remain under some pressure, as we continue to experience price-driven volume declines in Ingredients, although improved versus Q3, and some softness in our more discretionary categories, such as Fine Fragrance. While we continue to expect greater pricing benefits in the fourth quarter, the gap between raw material costs and price increases is expected to remain. When combined with the reduction in our Fragrance volume outlook, gross margin in the fourth quarter is expected to decline versus Q3 levels. Nevertheless, we will continue to focus on controlling costs in quarter 4 to drive operational performance above our 7% to 9% operating profit growth target, which is expected to lead to a year-over-year improvement in operating profit margin. It should be noted that despite our strong profit performance, Q4 earnings per share will be challenged, as we will compare to a lower effective tax rate of 21.1% in the prior year period. On a full year basis, given our year-to-date performance plus our more cautious outlook for Q4, we now expect local currency sales and adjusted earnings per share growth to approach the lower end of our long-term ranges. Despite the headwinds previously mentioned, we continue to believe we can deliver adjusted operating profit growth above our long-term targets, driven by our efforts in pricing, the benefit of previous restructuring activities and cost control initiatives. In summary, we are pleased with our year-to-date performance in light of the challenging operating environment and the exceptional base period established last year, where we grew 14%. Upon entering 2011, the environment in which we conduct business was very different relative to where we are today. Unprecedented raw material cost increases, consumer concerns, global economic uncertainty and foreign exchange volatility. As such, I would like to acknowledge the IFF team ability to adapt both strategically and operationally during difficult times to deliver these solid results. As we look forward, we are cautiously optimistic and confident that our business, supported by a culture of excellence, will remain strong, and that our financial results will provide strong returns for our shareholders longer term. In times such as these, diversity is a compelling characteristic. Fortunately, the wide variety of products that we sell across many countries around the world to the thousands of customers we have helps us remain confident in our ability to deliver our financial targets longer term. We expect that we can continue to enhance our performance as we make progress against the strategic plan. By leveraging our geographic reach, strengthening our innovation platform, maximizing our portfolio, we believe we can drive commercial performance that will lead to greater shareholder value. Thank you for your attention. With that, we will be happy to take any questions that you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So on fragrances, the Fragrance trends seem to be getting substantially worse on a 2-year basis. And even if fourth quarter results improved slightly, it seems it will worsen still. So I guess, the question is, it seems there's something wrong here beyond tough comparisons? So curious if you can elaborate on the competitive dynamics in the category and what seems to be the cause of IFF's seeming underperformance here?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Art, it's Nicolas. As I say in my prepared remarks, our Fragrance business has been impacted by price-driven volume declines in Ingredients, which is really one of the key area where we saw the pressure. It's an area where we took strategic and proactive pricing to protect margins long term. What we anticipated is pricing actions will have an adverse effect on our Ingredient volumes. The downside pressure was greater than what we have seen historically. Actually, it's 3 points of volume for every point of price. In the rest of our business, we have seen volume on existing business slow due to weaker volume trends associated with the very strong year-ago volume comparison, especially if you look at Q3, but if you bring it down to the first 9 months, we still have positive dynamic. We see also some customers, which are more cautious in their stances, really talking about the uncertain economic environment and being also cautious about inventory and also potential impacts from higher pricing. So if you look at the 2-year, we're still -- 2-year period, we're still in a positive position. Some pressure in Q3, but otherwise, in my remark, if you look on the compounds for the first 9 months, we're positive in the compound business against very, very strong comparables.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess, just to build on that, in all due respect, we're mostly through earnings at this point. And from an HPC universe standpoint, you haven't really heard any companies talk down expectations in terms of their own ordering or inventory levels or anything like that. And on top of it, the Flavors business, maybe it's taking less pricing? But it seems that Hernan and his team are taking pricing there as well, and you're still seeing pretty positive results out of -- in the business. So I guess, I'm still not quite clear what's going on from a competitive standpoint here? Is it something unique to IFF where basically your competitors took a lot less pricing and as you're losing share and maybe at some point that reverses itself? But beyond the comparisons, it's not getting better.
Kevin C. Berryman: Mark, this is Kevin. Just to augment some of the things that Nicolas talked about. We did take, as you suggested in your question, the pricing fairly proactively in the first initial stages of 2012 -- excuse me, 2011. And certainly, that has impacted the Ingredients business that Nicolas has already referred to in his commentary and his response to the question. So there clearly is a dynamic there that is affecting the volume characteristics of that business. At some point in time, we will get through the pricing implications as it relates to that. And we do fundamentally believe that the price stances that have been taken for that business are holistic and appropriate as it relates to ensuring we have the appropriate margin profile going longer term. So that's one point. I also think that if you look at the kind of the 2-year, we still are at rates that are above the growth for the category. And so, yes, while we're seeing a deceleration versus the very strong numbers that we saw a year ago, that's just a natural -- from my perspective, at least a portion of it, is a natural progression of the working through the numbers that were so strong year ago. So the 2-year numbers still are indicative of on a year-over-year basis that we'll be able to gain share versus the overall industry. And we'll have to see how we play out over the course of the balance of this year and through 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I was just interested in your commentary about a new flavor technology that might be coming for 2012. Just how would you manage your expectations around that and the potential impact that we might see in that business over the next year or 2?
Hernan Vaisman: It's Hernan here. While we are in the process of revalidating this technology we'll be launching officially in the first quarter, we see really very good and positive -- we have very positive expectation, but will be seeing ramping out -- ramping up I mean, the business more strongly in 2013.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just wanted to follow up just incentive compensation. It was obviously a pretty low number this quarter. Just trying to think through to 2012, what type of headwind do you anticipate for next year, assuming you hit your plan next year in terms of your headwinds of growth in 2012 as a result of the light incentive comp payments this year?
Kevin C. Berryman: We're not going to comment a lot on 2012 at this particular point in time. We will see if, in fact, to -- if things don't materially change, we'll see a headwind as it relates to the reset of incentive comp next year. We'll give -- we'll provide more details on that when we give the specifics relative to our final Q4 numbers, as well as the outlook for 2012, though. Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I don't want to beat a dead horse. But I think the question that we're trying to ask about the Fragrance business at this point is not really about Ingredients. I think there are questions there, but we kind of get the volume and pricing issue. But on a 2-year basis, there was a very significant deceleration in both Fine and in Functional this quarter. Still positive, yes, but definitely, deceleration. So while the 9 months are great, I'm more concerned about going forward. So looking forward, should we expect things to continue to decelerate? If so, why are win rates decelerating? Are the existing volumes falling off more quickly than would typically be the case because maybe the commercialized products aren't getting the kind of market share and performance that was the case a year or 2 ago? I mean, there's something -- something does feel different, and that's what I'd love to get some help understanding.
Kevin C. Berryman: Lauren, let me make some additional commentary on that, hopefully, to help you look there is clear that the volume on our existing business has shown some incremental softness versus what we have seen in the past. That's clear. Our wins continue to hold up consistent with the levels that we've seen in the first -- over the last couple of quarters, as a matter of fact. So what it really is, is some volumes that we have seen in terms of our existing business. And so, certainly, as Nicolas talked about, some of that is relative to the strong comparable. Some of it could perhaps be about some of the pricing actions that we took and various other things that Nicolas has already talked to. But I think that's what we can comment on at this particular point in time.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And is there anything -- and I'm glad since, Kevin, you mentioned pricing. Is there anything that should suggest whether you're not seeing -- I know it's not direct comparisons to competitors when you get into the compound business, but you guys have been talking about pricing with your customers for a very long time at this point. In theory, kind of getting ahead of the curve on cost inflation or at least getting your customers more ready for the pricing. And yet maybe it feels like there was a little bit more openness to pricing, but there's more elasticity than you would have expected even outside of Ingredients? So does that alter your thought process maybe, Kevin or Doug, on the go-forward plans you guys have for pricing and improving the profitability of those under performing parts of the portfolio via pricing?
Douglas D. Tough: Lauren, it's Doug. A couple of points. Just touching off the final -- or another point. We've not, on the Fragrance business, we've not seen any material changes in core listing and, in fact, have had some gains, which gives us more confidence going forward. So some of your questions or issues are well founded. We're digging into the facts, too. But as you drill down the various elements that could be a part of it, certainly, the opportunity for core listing is key, and there's only good signs there. On your other point and the more important one, I mean, I think we were ahead of the curve on both pricing actions. But at the time, we took some of that pricing actions, these conversations now going back better part of 12 months, they were all earmarked around pricing or cost expectations in the mid-single digits and the creek continued to rise, if you will, throughout the year necessitating follow-up rounds of pricing. And as Kevin mentioned a few moments ago, we now expect for the full year the cost impact from raw materials perspective on the company is going to be 10% or roughly double what we first envisioned. So that has necessitated taking pricing. So -- and we will continue to do so. And against the expectation of margins to enable us to invest in the business, we will need to continue to come back and take pricing not only on those parts which may be disadvantaged in order to rectify the situation, but also on the core product portfolio. So if prices continue -- if Ingredients continue to go up next year as we expect they will modestly, we will need to engage our customers to price to recover that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan Chase.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You spoke about your raw materials being up 13%. If -- if you look on the Fragrance side and you break things up into your feedstocks, your naturals and your petrochems, were they all up roughly 13%, or was there a real variance between the different components? And for your Ingredients business, which is most important, the petrochems, the naturals or the turpentines?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Jeff, it's Nicolas. When we look at the different dynamics in our input costs, you have great variations. So were the numbers you were related to was really the aggregate of everything. So we have some parts of the feedstock where we saw the greater pressure than the 13%. And to come back to your second question, for Ingredients, obviously, turpentine is a key components of it, but also petrochemical is also a key drivers.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So basically, what's happened over a short period of time is that benzene costs have really come down. Propylene has really come down, just a wide variety of petrochemicals. So do you read the fall in your volumes, which seem incommensurate with general industry numbers, as customers saying, "Oh, we see raw materials coming down, what we want to do is we want to buy in the future at lower prices?"
Nicolas Mirzayantz: If you look at the portfolio, they are still above the previous period. So we still see additional pressure, as Kevin was mentioning, going into next year. And I think that we need to look at which are the key leading indicators to understand why is the movement on feedstock, as some have been showing maybe some reduction in the increase, but still at above level of 2010, 2011. So we see continued pressure going into this.
Kevin C. Berryman: Just a few additional comments. What we are seeing is the numbers for input costs, while they're slightly up versus where we have been talking, and certainly, as Doug suggested, significantly up versus 12 months ago on what our expectations would've been back then. What's happened is that the costs have remained relatively elevated and versus where we are in the markets, that's what has surprised us ultimately, which is translating into the input costs being a little bit higher. And I think that as Doug has suggested, we'll look to take the pricing necessary to continue to cover those incremental costs.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then lastly, from the consumer products companies, there seems to be some sort of voicing of the idea that they should reduce the number of new products that they put out. And normally, volume growth in Flavor and Fragrances or in Fragrances really coincides with new product introductions by your customer base. Can you talk about whether their volume of new product introduction seems to be accelerating or decelerating or staying the same?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: We have not seen a deceleration. Actually, we're seeing sometimes, maybe fewer brands, but bigger brands. And we are seeing brands trying to expand into new geography or brands trying to expand into new categories, representing additional opportunities [ph] for us. So we have not seen on the aggregate a deceleration. And as a matter of fact, we have gained access to more business available to us by gaining access to new core list, and now we're seeing the amount of projects on which we're working moving forward the absolute dollar value being greater than last year at the same period.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Can you -- or do you have any gut feels for at least if any of this is inventory or channel correction in the Fragrance business? And do you think the strength in the past several quarters was some inventory building?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I think that we saw an acceleration in Q1. We're way above the market. Way above the category or market growth. So it is possible that people have build to a -- to build inventory for the year. But lately, what we're seeing is that people are actually more cautious for the future, and they want to make sure that they are managing their inventory, managing their working capital. It's probably affecting some categories more than some others. And that's what we're seeing across the portfolio.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And typically, how long would an inventory correction last?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I mean, I think it's very difficult to see because we're coming from 2 extreme years, 2009, where you have so much destocking; 2010, when we saw restocking. So it's very difficult right now to make any assumption in terms of the different cycles.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then last question was, Doug, I thought that exiting of products was sort of the last of your plans, the first was the price increases. If customers didn't take pricing, then you would offer them reformulated or lower cost alternative product. And then as a final option, exiting. So does that mean you've exhausted the pricing and reformulation lower alternative options and exiting is what's left?
Douglas D. Tough: In a couple of cases, John, that has been the case for the $4 million that we've mentioned. Now you're right in terms of the gradient of trying to work with a customer to understand the situation and the profitability and then reformulation. We'll continue to do those. And I expect that there's going to be ultimate outcomes on each of those options. But they're concluding option 3 where if it is a low value added, and we don't have a competitive advantage, and the customer has a cheaper opportunity that's not giving us the margin that we need, there will be some businesses that we would readily exit.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So how much of the $50 million that was targeted has been captured so far in the first 2 options?
Douglas D. Tough: Well, the $50 million was a holistic response to the strategic options. And as we've said, it's a small part at this time. But the exiting the business and so on, that is a very small, small part of that total profitability improvement.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: In terms of the product rationalization efforts heading into 2012, Doug, could you give us an idea, it was $4 million this year, does it double, triple, quadruple as we head into next year?
Douglas D. Tough: A lot of that is going to come from the Flavors business. So I'll ask Hernan to talk to that.
Hernan Vaisman: At this point in time, we would not, I mean, open this kind of information. But as I mentioned in my scripts, I -- we believe that we will be much higher than we have today. We will not open any time because we are still negotiating with customers and we haven't finalized, I mean, the decision of exiting or not. But I can tell you that it was much higher than what we have so far in 2011.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Kevin, the 15% decline in Ingredients' local currency, was that pretty much all due to pricing? Or was it half, was it 3/4? Could you give us an idea of the degree of the hit?
Kevin C. Berryman: Well, at the end of the day, if you have a volume decline, it's not exactly clear what's going to be driven by your price. But we took a very proactive stance on those pricing initiatives. So as we've talked about, there was a 3:1 ratio as it relates to our pricing versus volume. So it certainly was a big part of it.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And that would continue -- that degree would continue in the next couple of quarters unless you lower the price to get the business back?
Kevin C. Berryman: It would depend upon other players in the industry and what their pricing stances are. We feel good about our pricing as it relates to the holistic perspective of ensuring we have the appropriate margin profile going forward.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then, Nicolas, when you think about 2012, how is the backlog of project wins and the major areas, Fine and Beauty and Functional as you head into next year? Is the backlog the pretty good? Is it smaller or bigger?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: The backlog is very good and also not just for 2012, but also for 2013, where we've been able to already secure some significant projects that will flow into 2013. So I see the win rate is still very strong. And not only is still very strong, but we have access to more business by gaining access to new core listing and getting access to brands we're expanding.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erik Sjogren with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Sjogren - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It's Erik from Morgan Stanley. Just a quick question on the pricing. Is there a point where you would start rolling back the pricing? Or is it simply that your peers are not following so you feel that the volume declines have become too big, so to say? I think you seem to be saying that you will be taking pricing also in the fourth quarter. But is there a point where you would start to reevaluate them?
Douglas D. Tough: Certainly. on Ingredients, Erik, I think that's a possibility, depending upon the feedstock implications and the input costs. Certainly, on -- where we talked a lot about the need for further pricing, it's conceivable. It's in that area. But it's more conceivable on the more traditional formulas we have in Flavors and in Fragrances, where there -- the key Ingredients there would necessitate pricing. So where it's a function of a commodity, we'd have to recognize the market, and that's what we did in our initial pricing actions, but on our core formulas with products, we would continue to take pricing. And there's just one little caveat I'd like to go back and touch upon, and that was really in response to the softness and so on. We lost some business to competitors that were pricing it at lower levels in anticipation of their ability to get some -- the product supply. In some cases, that's now appearing perhaps not to be the case in some of the business that we lost to lower-priced competitors. Some of those customers are now coming back and inquiring about the availability of supply. So, I mean, we stand by the strategic moves we've made and because they're pricing and shareholder-driven. But if we have to adjust prices on some of the items, which are commodities, we'll certainly consider that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alec Patterson with RCM.
Alec Patterson - RCM: I guess I'm just trying to get a little bit of a handle on the amount of pricing that you guys were targeting sort of mid-summerish where I think you talked about -- it was the second round of pricing that you were going into with your customers. And you had sort of a visibility on higher raw materials. Certainly, double-digit levels running to the second and third quarters. And did you get the level of pricing that you expected you'd needed to sustain and improve in gross margin trend, or did you -- or did it end up coming in less maybe because you recognized greater elasticity than you thought? Or I'm just wondering to what degree you were able to actually capture your original goals on your original pricing assumptions?
Kevin C. Berryman: This is Kevin. I'll take a crack at that. Look, I think we certainly have taken pretty significant pricing over the course of the year. And as discussed, we have a 3% number in the period. But keep in mind -- in the quarter, excuse me, keep in mind, that we did see a slight elevation in the input costs that flowed through the P&L in Q3. So we lost a little bit there, and I've already described that in the presentation. The other point that I think is important to note is we would have originally thought that in the first -- when we were talking around the midpoint of the year, that we get some additional pricing that was flow through in Q4. Some of that is actually happening, and some of it will end up benefiting us in Q1 of next year. That's probably the change from where we were at the mid-year point.
Alec Patterson - RCM: But the pricing that you had in the second round, was it sufficient to cover the level of raw materials the was evident as of the second quarter, the second quarter where you had a 12% increase? Other words, were you able to at least get the pricing to cover that in this second round?
Kevin C. Berryman: We were very close to having pricing in place by the end of the year relative to what our expectations on input costs were at that point in time. I would say 90% plus. We're little bit light of that, given the higher levels of input costs. And consequently, some of the pricing actions that we've been discussing are going to end up occurring in the first quarter of next year to ensure that we have the ability to cover those incremental costs.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay. I mean, I understand that because, obviously, pricing, for everybody, has been a challenge. And I was just wondering, as you recalibrated the elastic response, your elasticity models must be coming up with new results given this new set of data that's come in. Is this having an impact, do you think, on how you look at your long-term financial targets, given the potential volatility of raw materials over time?
Kevin C. Berryman: I'll take a crack again. I don't kind of think that we would necessarily see that as an issue at this point in time. We certainly are in a volatile situation given the input cost dynamic that we've been facing and the strong pricing that we've taken, specifically on the Ingredients business. And I think Doug has already addressed how we would see ourselves addressing pricing going forward on the Ingredient business. And I think that if we saw some reductions in input costs, we certainly would consider that within the Ingredients business on some of the lower value-added items that are in the portfolio.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay. But the trade-off on pricing versus volume isn't -- the breadth of the portfolio has not changed significantly enough given this recent experience to alter your longer-term sales growth outlook?
Douglas D. Tough: That would be correct.
Kevin C. Berryman: That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark S. Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: On your full year outlook, it sounds like you're anticipating a bit of an improvement in the fourth quarter, particularly from a sales standpoint. I guess I'm curious why that's the case given the September trends seem to have worsened from July or August? And then curious if you could give some color on what October look like? And if you could set of parcel it out by pricing because we know that's obviously going up, and what the impact would be on volumes, that will be helpful, too.
Kevin C. Berryman: I think as Hernan has already talked about, October started strong in the Flavors business. And I would say that we haven't seen any worsening through October as it relates to the Fragrance top line. And we'll, obviously, continue to monitor that. I think that what we said is that the full year number of 4% is pretty close to our year-to-date figures as it is. So that doesn't imply a big swing one way or the other as it relates to what Q4 might look like. I mean, we're in rounding numbers here, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just on Ingredients. Our understanding is that your -- one of your larger competitors has started to raise pricing in Ingredients. And I know that we all talked about second quarter there being that lag and that was probably part of why some share was lost there. So why -- I mean, you may not have done this sort of digging in yet, but why do you think it seems that the, I guess, the relative performance of your Ingredients business versus theirs, it got worse this quarter? I would have thought that share losses would have stabilized if everyone is now operating with a similar price list. But it seems like it's gotten worse?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, it's Nicolas. First of all, it's important to underscore the we have very, very different portfolio. So the makeup of portfolio is very different and the portfolio as to deals related to input costs. And therefore, some of our portfolio required a greater level of ingredients in marketplace. We have also very different competitors in the different portfolio in which we compete. So it's very, very difficult to go for like-for-like. And we are sometimes in very, very different types of portfolio.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And that's particular to the Ingredients portion of the business?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Correct. That is correct. And also, if you look at some of the dynamics and what has captured some of the specialty Ingredients also include some Flavors Ingredients. So the numbers are also more difficult to compare.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So with the, what you can see, I guess, and what I can't see in terms of competitor activity in more -- with more compatible portfolios, do you have the sense that your competitors have now started, have followed or put the pricing through so that, that rate of share loss should stabilize?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It's very difficult to have visibility and difficult to comment on what they're planning to do. I think that as we can read in the industry, all across, everybody is facing the same input cost pressure, so you expect people to adjust and adjust their strategy according to it. But it's very difficult to comment from what other people will be doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yes, I wanted to come back to this $50 million profit improvement program again. So if exiting products is a relatively small part of that, again, I would have guessed you'd taken much of the actions on price and reformulation already? But it doesn't sound like you've achieved a significant part of the $50 million yet.
Douglas D. Tough: That would be correct. And certainly, some of the pricing that we had taken in anticipation of improvements was taken and was frankly subsumed by the raw material cost increases that were higher than we first thought. And to a degree, we took one step forward, and we took one step backward and have to revisit all those discussions with customers, and we're doing so. But the other parts of the profit of that improvement plan really flow out of some of the strategic initiatives we are taking in R&D and in penetrating new geographies and new markets, and those will be the catalysts for the lion's share of that growth.
John E. Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So the pricing that you still have to take on those products that are underperforming, you still feel good about being able to achieve that? Because obviously, those were once that -- it wasn't just the raw material cost increase, that was something where you were trying to get your margins up on the business. So those customers you think will take more price?
Douglas D. Tough: Well, I think we -- the challenge we all have, John, and it will be a challenge, but it's a challenge we have to take up, is to go to those customers and explain with facts and data and rationale and specific pricing, where we are, and the unacceptable position we are in and the need to negotiate those prices. So that challenge which was there last year and was taken up positively with the team, then the benefits of that were lost to the higher pricing that we encouraged to near [ph], so we go back and take a swing at again.
Operator: There were no further questions.
Douglas D. Tough: Thank you very much for your participation today. We're adjourned.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Berryman - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer Michael DeVeau - IR Manager Hernan Vaisman - Group President of Flavors and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer Douglas Tough - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President of Fragrances and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital Summit Roshan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Alec Patterson - RCM Carlos LaBoy - Crédit Suisse AG Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Investor Relations Manager. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. With me on the call today is Doug Tough, our Chairman and CEO; Hernan Vaisman, our President of Flavors; Nicolas Mirzayantz, our President of Fragrances; and Kevin Berryman, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Please note that today's call is recorded and will be available for playback on the website.  Please keep in mind that during this call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with respect to the third quarter, second half and full year of 2011. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, I ask that you refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our filings with the SEC.  Some of today's prepared remarks will discuss non-GAAP financial information, which excludes those items that affect comparability. These items are laid out in a reconciliation to comparable GAAP measures, which is also available on our website. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Doug.
Douglas Tough: Thank you, Michael, and good morning,, and good afternoon, everyone. Now in light of the instability in the financial markets around the world, I felt it was appropriate to reemphasize that IFF is a diversified and competitively advantaged organization. Now whether you analyze our portfolio by geography, where 75% of our sales come from outside the United States and 45% of sales come from the fast-growing emerging markets, or analyze IFF by our products, where 52% of our sales come from Fragrances and 48% from Flavors, the breadth and the diversity of our portfolio is great. And our innovative solutions are key components of consumer staple products that enjoy long-term growth stability. Our business strategy is sound, and we are an established partner with many global and regional consumer products companies around the world, which are themselves committed to growing their business.  Our management team, as well as all IFF employees, are capable of executing our strategic initiatives to deliver long-term value for shareholders. As we communicated at our recent Investor Day on March 15, 2011, we believe that by leveraging our geographic reach to capture growth in the emerging markets, by strengthening our innovation platform to achieve better margins and improving our portfolio by making better business decisions based on economic profit, we can deliver our long-term targets of 4% to 6% local currency sales growth, 7% to 9% operating profit growth and 10%-plus earnings per share growth annually. Despite the volatility in the financial markets and the factors impacting our recent share price performance, we continue to believe that these goals are attainable, and we remain confident that we can achieve these results in 2011 and beyond.  Now before the rest of the senior team reviews the full details of our quarter 2 performance, I thought I'd provide a few overview comments on our recent results. First, we are pleased with our second quarter local currency sales growth, in light of the challenging year-over-year comparisons. To put our performance into context, it is important to note that our sales growth last year was very strong, up 17%, as it included an elevated level of new business wins and restocking benefits. Fortunately, the diversification of our product and our geographic portfolio continued to provide us with the ability to grow our local currency sales 3%, as Flavors and the emerging markets drove the positive results.  As we previously indicated on our first quarter conference call, Fragrance's performance was soft as we were comparing to a very difficult 23% growth rate reported in Q2 of 2010. Gross margin percentage declined year-over-year as raw material increased significantly across both Flavors and Fragrances. Pricing actions, as expected, lagged the input increases, however, we were successful in achieving approximately 2 percentage points in the quarter. In addition, we also benefited from our European restructuring, which helped reduce the impact of the rising raw material costs.  Separately, our disciplined approach to cost management, including the benefit of lower compensation accruals and favorable foreign exchange, drove an 11% increase in adjusted operating profit and a 50-basis-point improvement in our adjusted operating margin. The solid operating profit performance led to a 14% increase in adjusted earnings per share to $0.97, a record for the second quarter.  Looking at our performance over the first half of 2011, it is clear that we have started the year well, despite the challenging raw material environment. Our local currency sales growth of 6% for the first half is a tribute to the strong momentum we have seen in the business. At the same time, our pricing actions and focus on controlling costs, including the benefits of our European restructuring and lower incentive compensation expense, helped to offset the significant raw material pressures and drive a 16% increase in adjusted operating profit and a 130-basis-point improvement in adjusted operating margin. This all culminated in strong adjusted EPS growth of 18% in the first half of 2011.  While these results are indicative of a solid performance, I thought I would provide a perspective on our results over a longer time period. Looking at our performance on a 2- and a 3-year average to smooth out the volatility of 2009 and '10, we believe that both businesses are outperforming the market and gaining market share. The end result has been positive to our financial results, as our performance on a 2- and a 3-year average is above our long-term financial targets.  After Hernan, Nicolas and Kevin finished their respective sections, I will give you some perspectives on our outlook for the balance of the year, and then we will take any questions you may have. With that, I would like to introduce our Group President of Flavors, Hernan Vaisman.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Doug, and good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. Marking the 24th consecutive quarter of growth, I'm happy to report that local currency sales in the second quarter grew 8%, led by double-digit increase in Savory and high single-digit increases in Beverage and Confectionery.  North America, our health and wellness portfolio continue to provide strong growth opportunities, driven by our sodium-reduction initiatives. Our considerable capabilities in helping our customers create healthier products that are aligned with the consumers' needs are paying dividends, as we continue to see a number of business wins utilizing our sodium-modulation solutions.  Comparing to a 18% increase last year, our strong result in EAME can be attributed to double-digit growth in eastern Europe, Africa and the Middle East. Western Europe results were solid against strong year-over-year comparables, as the team continued to capitalize on our innovative naturals portfolio to win new business across both global and regional customers. Latin America, our consumer-preferred Flavors drove solid growth, as Confectionery and Savory each grew a double-digit rate.  Finally, in Greater Asia, growth remains strong as double-digit trends in Beverage and Confectionery continued. As I mentioned on our Q1 conference call, we have begun to exit some low-profit business, which was approximately $1 million in the second quarter in Greater Asia, a similar level to what we saw in the first quarter.  Looking at the geographical -- geographic breakdown, our sales in the emerging markets continue to grow double digits as countries such as Brazil, Russia, India and China, combined, grew in excess of 20%.  Turning now to profits. Second quarter operating profit increased 10% or $6 million to $71 million at accelerated sales, including volume growth on pricing, plus continued cost disciplines drove results. Operating profit margin declined 60 basis points versus the prior year periods to 20.6% as pricing initiatives, as expected, lacked raw material inflation.  Before providing commentary on the balance of the year, I would like to provide an overview of our first half performance. Local currency sales increased 10% in the first half of 2011, on top of the 10% we reported in the year-ago period, indicating continued strength in our Flavors business. The strongest growth was achieved in North America and EAME, both growing double digits as we continued to leverage our innovative health and wellness portfolio.  The effect on profitability was profound, as operating profit increased 19% or $22 million to $150 million as a result of this strong top line performance, which included both volume and pricing growth, as well as continued cost control discipline. Operating margin improved 100 basis points year-over-year from 20.9% to 21.9%.  Looking ahead, while we are comparing to double-digit growth throughout the balance of the year, we are off to a solid start as new business performance remains strong. Pricing initiatives are underway to minimize the impact of raw material pressure, and we will continue to focus on controlling costs to deliver strong operational performance in the second half.  With that, I would like to now introduce our Group President of Fragrances, Nicolas Mirzayantz.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Hernan, and good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. In the face of one of our most challenging year-over-year comparisons in company history, 23% growth, local currency sales declined 2% as new business wins were more than offset by volume declines.  In the Fine and Beauty Care category, local currency sales were down 4% year-over-year against a company record 37% growth in Q2 2010. Our EAME and Latin American regions were pressured the most, as we cycled a 55% growth rate in EAME, and a 30% growth rate in Latin America. North America was quite resilient at 1%, despite a 24% year-over-year comparison as new business wins offset volume pressures.  Functional Fragrances grew slightly, up 1%, supported by new business performance across all categories and solid results in the Home Care category. From a geographic perspective, the strong trend in Greater Asia continued as Fabric Care grew double digits. And in North America, our Home Care business achieved double-digit growth.  Lastly, comparing to a 24% growth rate in the year-ago period, which happened to be our strongest quarterly performance of 2010, Fragrance Ingredients declined 5% year-over-year, as strong pricing initiatives were offset by lower volumes. From a geographic perspective, continued emerging market growth helped mitigate softness seen in the developed markets. In our EAME region, strong growth was experienced in eastern and central Europe. And in Greater Asia, highlights include double-digit performances in Indonesia and Thailand, as well as high single-digit growth in China.  From a profitability standpoint, adjusted operating profit declined by $5 million, as strong double-digit increases in raw material costs and lower sales impacted results. Adjusted operating profit margin fell 180 basis point to 16.8% versus the year-ago period, but it is common to see deterioration gross margin due to inflation as pricing actions like raw material costs.  It is important to note that the significant pressure that raw material placed on gross margin were substantially reduced by pricing actions, lower incentive compensation expense, and cost-control initiatives. In addition, our previously announced restructuring in Europe was more important than ever as it provided approximately $5 million of savings in the quarter that further helped to reduce impact of raw materials.  Looking at our performance over the course of the first 6 months of 2011, and taking into context of the 20% growth we reported in the first half of 2010, I am pleased that local currency sales were up 2%. All regions around the world reported positive results, even as we compared to the very strong growth that I make of 25% growth in EAME, 21% growth in Greater Asia and 16% growth in both North America and Latin America.  From a category perspective, Fine Fragrance & Beauty Care grew 4% in the first half of 2011, on top of the 32% growth we reported in the first half of 2010, and Functional Fragrance grew 2% despite comparing to an 11% year-over-year growth rate. While gross margin was under pressure due to significant raw material inflation, we were able to deliver 2% adjusted operating profit growth and hold operating margin in similar levels reported last year, as we captured restructuring savings, implemented initial pricing actions and control costs.  Looking ahead, while we continue to expect softness in Q3 due to the challenging 15% year-over-year comparable, we would expect that sales begin to improve over the balance of the year. We are encouraged by our continued new win momentum, and believe that our pipeline of new business should position us -- as well -- well as we enter the fourth quarter.  While pricing benefits are expected to increase in Q3, they will not completely offset raw material increase and expect to see year-over-year decline in operating profit margin in the third quarter. As a result, we continue to have discussions with our customers to capture additional price increases.  With that, let me turn it over to Kevin.
Kevin Berryman: Thank you, Nicolas, and good morning, and good afternoon, everyone. Second quarter 2011 sales totaled $716 million, an increase of 7% from the prior year period as the impact of foreign exchange contributed positively to our top line growth. Excluding the impact of currency, sales grew by 3%, reflecting continued new business success and the realization of price increases that are being implemented to reduce the impact of higher input costs. The emerging markets continued to perform well, up 6%. These markets represented 45% of our total sales.  Adjusted operating profit grew 11% or $12 million, as lower incentive compensation accruals, foreign exchange benefits, and continued cost discipline drove results. Despite a 310-basis-point contraction and gross margin, relative to the significant increases in raw material costs, adjusted operating profit margin increased 50 basis points to 17% versus 16.5% in the year-ago period, as we continued to exhibit strong cost control, achieved the restructuring savings, and benefit from lower incentive compensation accruals.  With interest expense essentially flat year-over-year and a more favorable tax rate offsetting approximately $1 million of other expense related to foreign exchange losses on outstanding working capital exposures, we were able to gain additional leverage in our P&L to deliver 14% adjusted earnings per share growth versus the year-ago period.  Analyzing the P&L in more detail. I would like to further review input costs, RSA costs, or research, selling and administrative costs, and currency. As expected, we continue to see input costs escalate in the second quarter as raw material prices rose 12% versus the year-ago period. While both businesses experienced significant pressure, it was greatest in Fragrance as prices were up double digits, driven by strong increases in naturals, petrochemicals and feedstock ingredients such as turpentine. Flavors, which were up high single digits, continued to be impacted by sharp increases in items such as menthol and citrus oils.  While there has been some signs of relief in energy costs, we continue to expect that raw material prices will rise high single digits for the full year. As such, we expect pricing benefits to build throughout the third quarter, and we will have more discussions with our customers regarding additional pricing actions in situations where material costs have increased since our last discussion.  From an overhead cost standpoint, RSA expenses as a percentage of sales decreased to 360 basis points year-over-year to 22.7%, reflecting lower incentive compensation provisions and continued cost discipline. Importantly, within RSA, R&D expenses increased slightly from the prior year quarter, as additional investments were made to support our strategic growth initiatives. It is important to note that if we exclude the impact of incentive compensation in both 2011 and 2010 periods, R&D would've actually increased by 11% year-over-year or 30 basis points as a percentage of sales.  Looking to the second half of 2011 with the elevated model of raw materials, cost control will continue to be important to our success. We do plan to make incremental investments in R&D efforts and commercial opportunities to support our strategic plan. Of course, these investments will be balanced with respect to our short-term and long-term performance needs.  Regarding foreign exchange. The euro and several other currencies around the world increased in value year-over-year against the U.S. dollar, and have a positive impact on both our top and bottom line performance. Looking ahead, if currency rates stay where they are today, with the euro at approximately $1.42, we expect foreign exchange impacts to be favorable for the full year 2011.  As we noted on our recent conference calls, we have implemented hedging strategies in order to protect our level of euro-based profits at the local affiliate level, as our euro-based profits represent the largest foreign currency exposure for the company. Similar to what we said last quarter, we have hedged approximately 65% of our euro-based exposure in 2011 at rates near the full year 2010 average euro-U.S. dollar exchange rate. Our upside on euro exposure, therefore, will continue to come from the remaining 35% that is not hedged.  From a cash flow statement perspective, our strong profit growth provided an increase in net income. We did, however, see a rise in working capital in the first half, driven by the large cash events we spoke about on our first conference call -- first quarter conference call.  As you will recall, a large reduction in payables resulting in a decrease in Q1 cash flow versus year ago were driven by our strong 2010 annual incentive compensation payouts and several past payments. When combined, they resulted in a decrease in payables of approximately $130 million versus the same period a year ago, further increases in working capital that were driven by higher inventory levels associated with the rising raw material price situation, as well as other payables.  The combination of all the previously noted items resulted in our cash from operations falling $126 million from the year-ago period. Based on a more normalized year-over-year comparison, cash flow from operations would've increased by approximately $4 million versus year-ago levels, if we did not have the incremental $130 million related to our 2010 annual incentive compensation payouts and tax payments.  Regarding our capital expenditures. We are on track with our goal of spending approximately 5% of sales for 2011, as we expect our investment levels to increase over the back half of the year.  As part of our commitment to return cash to our shareholders, we announced an increase in the quarterly cash dividend, raising it 15% from $0.27 per share to $0.31 per share on a quarterly basis. We believe this increase underscores our strong financial condition and excellent cash flow position, as well as the board's confidence in IFF future growth prospects.  Finally, as we noted in the past, we have paid off $100 million of our outstanding senior notes in the beginning of July, and we expect to pay another $20 million in November of 2011. Once the next payment occurs, our leverage positions us in a manner that optimizes our financial flexibility going forward.  With that, I would like to turn the call back over to Doug for his perspective on the balance of 2011.
Douglas Tough: Thank you, Kevin. Looking towards the balance of the year, we believe that the operating environment in the second half will likely be similar to what we have seen through the first 2 quarters of 2011. While we continue to see Fragrance softness in the third quarter due to the challenging 15% year-over-year comparable, we expect that sales will improve over the balance of the year, and the strong momentum in Flavors is expected to continue throughout the second half. As such, we expect that our local currency sales growth in the second half of the year to be in line with our long-term targets of 4% to 6%, with our strongest performance coming in Q4.  We anticipate pricing benefits will build in the third quarter, and expect to have discussions with customers regarding additional pricing actions in situation where those material costs have increased since last conversations. We expect to see year-over-year gross margin percentage pressure in the third quarter, although it will be to a lesser extent than what we experienced in Q2.  As a large portion of our results are denominated in euros, the year-over-year strength in euro versus the U.S. dollar will represent a tailwind during the second half of 2011 if exchange rates remain where they currently are. In addition, from an RSA standpoint, we will continue to focus on controlling our costs and drive operational performance, in line with our 7% to 9% operating profit targets, which, again, should translate into 10%-plus EPS growth in the second half. The net result is that by leveraging our geographic reach, strengthening our innovation platform and maximizing our portfolio, we should be able to achieve our long-term targets of 4% to 6% local currency sales growth, 7% to 9% operating profit growth and 10%-plus EPS growth for the full year 2011.  In summary, we are pleased with our first half 2011 results, in light of the challenging raw material environment and very strong year-over-year comparables. While we will continue to experience input cost pressures throughout the remainder of the year, we have finished the first half of 2011 on solid footing as we are balancing short-term pressures against long-term investment opportunities. We expect that our pricing actions to cover raw material costs will further take hold in the second half, and that our disciplined approach to controllable costs, offset by some incremental investments into the business, will result in strong operational performance in the second half despite the historical increases in raw material costs.  IFF's excellent diversity, blending both Flavors and Fragrance across our excellent geographic footprint in the emerging and the developed markets, coupled with our wide array of customers and categories, gives us confidence in our ability to deliver our long-term financial targets. Beyond this year, we will continue to enhance our performance as we make progress against our strategic plan. Our plan embeds the insights we gained from last year's assessment to address the opportunities identified, all of which should drive shareholders value longer term.  With that, we will be pleased to take any questions that you might have. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess first question is given what's happened of late in the market and just the economy overall and then commentary from Procter & Gamble talking about a deceleration in anticipated volume growth for the fiscal 2012, how do you all think about the view to volume versus pricing on a go-forward basis and just the overall expected demand, from a consumer standpoint, sort of developing market versus developed market, with the idea that developing market, I guess, is still a bit stronger than developed markets? And then second question unrelated to that, curious what the differential is between your view on input costs and your larger competitor who's anticipating mid-teens year-on-year growth?
Douglas Tough: Okay. Thanks, Mark. It's -- I'll tackle the first part of your question and ask Kevin to deal with the second one. I mean, I think you've raised the overall question about the global economic environment and uncertainty, and none of us have a great crystal ball. But within IFF, we certainly focus on what we can control, and the variables that we can't control, we leave to others to figure those out. And I say that because it's given us a focus on really what are our strategic initiatives, a challenge, are they still relevant, are our business plans still relevant, and we think they are. The comments and the confidence we have in the overall results for this year, and we think the operating environment in H2 will be comparable to what it is in H1, barring entirely unforeseen issues. So we're focusing on the basics. You're right that there's probably likely to be a little more economic softness, and perhaps some demand challenges in the developed markets relative to the emerging. But where some customers are citing perhaps a slowdown, others are robust and particularly in some of those emerging markets where we're particularly well placed. So initiatives in R&D, investments in our strategic plan in advantaged categories, give us a pretty high level of confidence about Q2, at least without an entire world meltdown. And I guess, with that, I'll ask Kevin to address your second question.
Kevin Berryman: Mark, as it relates to the question on input costs, we really can't comment as it relates to the specificities associated with other indications of input costs increases, but I can give you just a couple of thoughts. There certainly are a variety of reasons why there might be differences between the numbers that we're thinking we have versus what someone else might be thinking about. Certainly, mix can play a role, the timing of purchases and how they will hit the P&L can play a role, inventory levels on items that are facing pricing pressures, all of those can play a role as it relates to differences. What I can say is relative to IFF is that we believe we have a very strong monitoring process, and we continue to have a high confidence level in our projections. As a result of that, we continue to believe that we will be up high single digits in our input costs versus year ago, and I would say that we're feeling good about that. Could it ultimately approach a number of 10%? Perhaps. But we still believe the numbers are in the ranges that we are discussing, and certainly not mid single digits or other numbers that I have heard. These are the levels of which we are approaching and discussing our pricing actions with our customers, and we feel confident, as it relates to our perspective on what IFF cost pressures are going to look like.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: So first thing is I want to check on is and you said that by the fourth quarter -- I believe you said by the fourth quarter, you will be fully caught up on pricing versus cost inflation on an annualized basis. But if I think about it sort of not with the run rate will be but more holistically for 2011, what percentage of cost inflation do you think you're going to recover? Is it greater than half?
Kevin Berryman: Lauren, this is Kevin. Yes, significantly higher than half.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. And then when I think also -- I guess there was once or twice, towards the end of your guys' prepared commentary, where you talked about incremental investments and commercial opportunities in R&D, is that any different than what you've been thinking terms of incremental investment levels a couple of months ago? Because as I'm looking at it, I know you're going to -- the key for you guys is delivering in line with the long-term goals. But I am actually sort of thinking through this as being it could be -- your EBIT growth in the second half could be better than your long-term goals as pricing starts to come through. And I just wanted to know if I should be thinking about more proactive reinvestment as the pricing comes in?
Douglas Tough: Well, let me talk about with the -- about really the investments, Lauren. And yes, there will be some incremental investments versus that, which we had talked about, and by the same token as we have done the strategic plan and got into a greater degree of specificity. Some ideas have emerged to be stronger, and we've invested more and will be investing more. And others under analysis didn't necessarily bear the full fruit that we thought, so we've either halted or curtailed or slowed down some of those investments. But in this environment, we think there's an opportunity for the, hopefully, the strong to get stronger. The company's basis for competing is competitive differentiation, particularly through R&D. So since certainly the investor meetings and conference -- on our first quarter conference call, we have drilled down further into some of the initiatives, both commercial and R&D, and are investing behind them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I just want to start by asking about any behavioral changes that you may or may not be sensing from your customers, and I'm particularly interested in getting your thoughts on their willingness to invest more in innovation, just with the macro picture maybe darkening a bit. And whether, along those lines, you see any -- no differences evolving between Flavors and Fragrances?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It's Nicolas Mirzayantz. As far as pattern, we don't see any change in terms of commitment from our customers to innovation. It is definitely one of the key driver differentiation, leading indicator of -- or driving consumer's preference. So the commitment innovation is stronger than ever, and to echo what Doug was saying, that our commitment to innovation and to our new programs that were identified during this budget [ph] review are more important than ever. So no change in that respect.
Hernan Vaisman: Yes. And regarding Flavors, I have the same comment as Nicolas. I mean, for the time being, I mean, the pipeline is very strong. Innovation-related customers are looking for that. And having say that, as Doug mentioned, I mean, we know it has decreased our goal. I don't know if, I mean, this kind of economic condition might change, but for the time being, no change in the pipeline and in the composition.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then just a follow-up, if I could, on the pricing side. I was kind of under the impression that substantially all the necessary pricing would be -- would have been implemented kind of at the start of Q3. It sounds like there's still some more work to do on the Fragrance side. Should I conclude from that, that some of the pricing that you had hoped or planned to put through didn't get through as quickly as you had intended?
Kevin Berryman: Ed, this is Kevin. As I mentioned in the commentary, we continue to believe that we're in this level of high single digits. And depending upon the timing of discussions with customers, in some instances, certainly there has been increases versus when we last spoke with a certain set of customers. So there is those instances where the Fragrance team, specifically, is going to be having those ongoing dialogues as it relates to ensuring that the final pricing that we need -- necessary to take us to where we cover our full expectations on input costs, they will happen and will occur, and we would expect that, that will happen over the course of, certainly, the third quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co: This is Silke Kueck for Jeff. One question and a follow-up. Can you talk about the current trends in July and August on the Fragrance side? And given that the comparisons are still difficult but easing a little bit, would you expect local currency growth in Fragrances still to be negative in the third quarter, or should it not? And my follow-up question is I was interested to know what lower compensation expenses -- what the benefit was in the quarter, either on a sequential or year-over-year basis?
Kevin Berryman: Silke, this is Kevin. I'll make the comment on incentive comp and some preliminary comments as it relates to the Fragrance question you have, and I'll turn it over to Nicolas to see if he has any additional commentary or color on the issue. As it relate to incentive comp, if you look at our global expenses, you can see that there's a reduction in our global expenses. And certainly, the biggest driver to that is what's happening in terms of incentive comp. I would, however, note that incentive comp is part of our business. And ultimately, as we overperform, it will be larger, and when perhaps it's -- we're performing at a level that is less than our expectations, it'll be less. I would say to you, in Q2, the incentive comp versus what we would consider more normalized is not a big number. I would call it $3 million to $4 million as it relates to the difference. So I think that that's the way to think about it in terms of the performance in Q2, and that it's not a materially different number versus what would be a normalized level. The other point relative to Fragrance, we have talked about their being -- and Nicolas highlighted the fact, that Q3, the -- that there is some softness as we started the quarter continuing, but we've also said that our expectation is over the balance of the year, given the momentum in our new win portfolio, that we will continue to see that improving sequentially versus kind of where we were in Q2. Nicolas?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: No, I would echo Kevin's comments, Silke. We are -- we're still entering a strong comp for the Q3, because we grew 15%. So same factor that in Q2, the momentum in terms of new win is still very strong. The pipeline of new projects, which we have access, is very strong. So we continue to build the fundamentals and to build upon the progress we're making with our key customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlos LaBoy of Crédit Suisse.
Carlos LaBoy - Crédit Suisse AG: Two questions. One is do you feel you're leading this new discourse, this new round of discussions on pricing here with your key clients? Are you running through competitors already having those discussions? And the second one is, when you think back at 2008, are there any signs of customer destocking, like 2008? And what is your sense about why things might be different this time, if at all?
Douglas Tough: Let me start with, well, I'll try to take both of them. As it relates to the second question though, we haven't seen any of that destocking mentality. It's been a growth and a rebound mentality. And the things could change, but we certainly see more fundamental focus on growth and innovation than probably ever before, which we think helps us. Really, as it relates to the other question, I think there's -- all companies or all of the large fragrance and flavor houses are facing significant cost pressures. Some companies are pulling slightly higher numbers than others, but we're all facing those. And I don't think -- we could probably argue we are earlier than some, but I don't think that matters right now. What has caught -- seems to have caught everyone by surprise a little bit, certainly coming out of their commentary, has been the fact that the costs have risen more sharply than first envisioned, which has necessitated a second round of discussions at minimum and, perhaps, some ongoing things if costs continue to accelerate. But we don't necessarily think we're -- we thought we were first. We think we are first, but we can't be sure of that. What we know was we've certainly got some pricing benefit in Q2, and that will accelerate into Q3 and Q4 as the others have already commented on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts of Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I wanted to understand a little bit more of the really strong Flavors volume growth in -- or revenue growth in U.S. and in local currency in Europe. Could you provide a little bit more color in the health and wellness product mix that you're serving? Or is it you having more fermented products that allow your customers to have natural labeling, or what's going on there? And then secondly, on Europe, it was -- it sounded like it really pulled up by non-western Europe. So could you maybe give us the split -- it sounds like non-western Europe is a much bigger percent, maybe a bigger European business than I was thinking.
Hernan Vaisman: Okay. And regarding your first question, I mean, definitely, I mean, the key driver in North America was this health and wellness trends that we have in place. Customers are looking really to reduce, in this case, as I mentioned before, sodium but also sugar, in order to really provide consumer with better, I mean, a healthier way of eating. And we are contributing with solutions that they could then to reduce these, I mean, salt, sugar without affecting the taste. So this is a, I could say, the key drivers of our success in North America. Regarding your second question to Europe, usually we don't know split, make a breakdown of the sales. Having said that, I mean, we have a very strong performance in Africa and Middle East. These performance are coming, basically for, I mean, big wins that we have, I mean, got lately, and we believe that this is a trend, in term of a western Europe is also growing in a solid way. And as I mentioned before, we said it basically help us the new European regulation that we have really I mean, asked -- following your question about labeling. I mean to declare when the products are natural naturals. We have a strong front portfolio, and which is also helping us in the western part of Europe to grow in a solid and consistent way.
Kevin Berryman: The other thing, John, to remember is that as you look at the comparable versus year ago, Flavors in EAME was quite strong, plus 18%. So put the context of the numbers that you're hearing within that framework.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Summit Roshan of KeyBanc.
Summit Roshan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Most of my questions have been answered, but just some clarification. I think you mentioned pricing contributed about 2 points to growth. And I was wondering if you'd break that out by the segments?
Kevin Berryman: I'm sorry, could you repeat the question?
Summit Roshan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: I think you had mentioned the pricing had contributed 2% on consolidated basis to the top line. And I was wondering within Fragrances and Flavors, in each of the segments, how much pricing it contributed?
Kevin Berryman: We don't disclose the specifics, but I would suggest to you that Fragrances is a little higher and Flavors is a little lower.
Summit Roshan - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Okay, great. And in respect to your pipeline going to the back half of the year, could you give us a little bit more color in terms of -- looking at Latin America in particular, you saw double-digit declines in Fine Fragrances and Fragrance Ingredients. I was wondering if you can give us a little bit more color on the dynamics there, and what you're expecting going to the back half?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It's Nicolas here. I think that we have to put the performance of Latin America in the context of last year. And if you remember, that was really one of the strongest contributor for the performance of the business unit was the performance of Fine & Beauty Care in that time. Last year, we grew 31% in Latin America for Fine & Beauty Care. We knew that it was well above the market trend, and so it's a -- it only make sense now to come back to more regular levels. So we will see some adjustments. What I can tell you is that our new wins momentum is still very strong. We have been Latin America for a very long time. We have a very strong market share there, and we continue to have a very strong win rate, and strong momentum in terms of new projects. So our access to new business and/or, I believe, into securing new win is still there.
Kevin Berryman: Just an additional commentary on top of what Nicolas has already said. He talked in his prepared remarks as it relates to the Ingredient efforts on pricing, in that there was strong levels of activity in pricing, especially on the Ingredient front. And within the context of the very strong actions that we took, relative to pricing in Ingredients, we knew in certain instances that there could potentially be some loss in volume. But we felt that it was appropriate and necessary to take those pricing actions to ensure that we have the kind of margin profile that's appropriate for our shareholders longer term, in support of this business. So while that's not necessarily a specific issue per se in Latin America, and Latin America is a small piece of our Ingredient business, but that is a general comment that I think is appropriate to make relative to what you're seeing in the Ingredients base.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alec Patterson of RCM.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Just curious, you mentioned in the release the currency benefit flowing to the operating profit line, and I am presuming a bit chunk of that is sort of transactional effect. Is there a basis point or percentage impact you have for currency to the operating profit line?
Kevin Berryman: In terms of margin impact for the quarter, there was really very de minimus impact. So if you look at the 50-basis-point improvement in operating profit margin, there really is no impact as it relates to currencies. However, we did see a $0.04 earnings per share increase due to FX, just because of the fact that we're translating a lot of non-U.S. dollar currencies back into our reporting currency. And so there was a benefit of $0.04 for the quarter relative to FX.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Right. So there's a translational impact, but you're saying there's very little net of hedging transactional impact. There's no leverage developed in the P&L because of currency necessarily.
Kevin Berryman: That's correct.
Alec Patterson - RCM: Okay. And secondly, I was just curious, regarding -- you talked about the BRIC markets being up 20%, I believe, in Flavors and just overall healthy tone to emerging markets. Are you not seeing any signs of consumer slowdown to the degree you can read through your customer base, some of what has been tremendous category growth in those regions? But of late, there's been a lot of signs that these BRIC markets are slowing down or unable to deal with the inflation, so there's a pullback by consumers. Are there any signs you're seeing through your customer base of category growth slowdown?
Hernan Vaisman: Oh, I mean, it's Hernan here. As the base of our knowledge and as today, no, we haven't seen any kind of signal of slowing down.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman of Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Sorry to the quick clarification. Kevin, you've mentioned that the difference in incentive comp year-over-year was only $3 million or $4 million, but still, the dollars of SG&A or the non-R&D selling and admin was down much more significantly than that. If there was about $5 million from the European restructuring, if it -- I don't even know if it all fell through SG&A, but there's still something kind of missing, if you will, in the math. So can you just help me out there? Because the $120 million in last year's second quarter was a huge number and far off of the kind of typical quarterly run rate.
Kevin Berryman: No, the incentive comp number that I quoted of $3 million to $4 million is versus a more normalized level. That's not the year-over-year change. In fact, what I had hope to have said is if you look at our global expense line, which is outlined in our press release and the attached financials, that the reduction in our global expenses is driven by the incentive comp change year-over-year. But that is coming from a abnormally high level of year ago. What I wanted to communicate is what's most important is relative to our results in the second quarter versus a more normalized level, and it's $3 million to $4 million versus that level.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Roberts of Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: It feels like the innovation, or the mix improvement, is greater in the Flavor side than the Fragrance side, and I'm hoping maybe you can refute that a little bit. Maybe you can give us an update on what's going with some of the new products like the new Redken shampoo, and whether we might have sustained Fragrance, moved to other brands within that category or an update on the laundry care products that had that technology?
Kevin Berryman: This is Kevin. I'll take a stab at a preliminary comment, and then turn it to Nicolas if he has anything to add. I don't think the premise that you're suggesting is apparently there is the case. If there's gross margin pressure, I would say it's more about the timing of our pricing actions versus the accelerated level of input cost increases. And as we said in our -- previously, over the course of this call, that we see higher levels of input costs pressures in our Fragrance business versus Flavor. So I think that that's the dynamic that we're working through on a short-term basis here in 2011, and not an innovation issue. Nicolas?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: You're absolutely right, Kevin. I think it's very much related to input cost pressure, which you saw was higher in Fragrances. But if you look at the performance for the first 6 months, I think we grew 4% in Fine and Beauty over a very strong performance last year of 32%, and we grew 2% on Functional over '11. So in terms of mix, there is another pressure point there.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: You'd call in -- you call innovation comparable in both side of the business?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Different. I mean, I think that we're very successful in pioneer the launch of microencapsulation into Fabric Care into the markets. And now as we're expanding into category, still early on to get the benefit. We're seeing our customers rolling out to other category, but it's not yet at the level of certain performance that we're already enjoying in Fabric, because we went to the market with that technology already 4 years ago. So it's not yet at the level to bring additional benefit at this stage.
Douglas Tough: And, John, the work we did on innovation corporately really was looked at from a category and potential size of the prize business. As you can probably appreciate, both Flavors and fragrances have substantial categories, substantial opportunities, so the net result to where we ended up was a significant opportunities in both. There isn't really a preferred part of the puzzle. And if anything, one of the interesting dynamics was coming up with those innovation opportunities, which could be beneficial and applicable in both Fragrances and Flavors. But at the end of the day, the opportunities appear strong in both camps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron of RBC Capital Markets.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Kevin, you dropped the language in your press release about operating margins expected to approach 18%. I was just wondering if you could kind of give us the rationale behind that change, and whether we should read anything into that?
Kevin Berryman: No. I think that what we've talked about when we were discussing our long-time financial targets at our Investor Day is reframing the discussion relative to our long-term strategic financial targets. And I think that that's what our model is. That's what we're driving towards, and that's our expectations. So I guess ultimately, that would suggest that we're going to get to higher levels of margins, but we're refraining from a specific point in time or a target number as it relates to margins. We do know we have abilities to increase over time.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas (sic) [Silke Kueck] of JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I also have a short follow-up. The -- Hernan mentioned there was some businesses that were exited in the second quarter of about $1 million. Is that -- how much -- I assume it is probably in Greater Asia. So I was wondering how much of Greater Asia growth was affected by this, and is that number going to grow over time or get smaller?
Hernan Vaisman: More or less the impact was around 1% in the quarter. And I -- as I mentioned in my -- in the previous conference call, we are still dealing with customers. We are negotiating with them. In case that we cannot improve the profitability, we will exiting the business we did in Asia.
Operator: There are no further questions. Mr. Doug Tough, do you have any closing remarks?
Douglas Tough: And to thank the audience for their participation today and their interest in IFF. And we look forward to talking again with you in 3 months, as we achieve our long-term goals in 2011. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-10 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Kevin Berryman - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer Michael DeVeau - IR Manager Hernan Vaisman - Group President of Flavors and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer Douglas Tough - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President of Fragrances and Member Temporary Office of the Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Michael Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Emily Klingbeil - Crédit Suisse AG Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co Erik Sjogren - Morgan Stanley Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Investor Relations Manager. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. With me on the call today is Doug Tough, our Chairman and CEO; Nicolas Mirzayantz, our President of Fragrances; Hernan Vaisman, our President of Flavors; and Kevin Berryman, our Executive Vice President and CFO. This call is being recorded and will be available for playback on our website. Please keep in mind that during this call, we will be making forward-looking statements about the company's performance, particularly with respect to the second quarter and full year of 2011. These statements are based on how we see things today and contains elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, I ask that you refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our filings with the SEC. Some of today's prepared remarks will discuss non-GAAP financial information, which excludes those items that affect comparability. These items are laid out in the reconciliation to comparable GAAP measures, which is also available on our website. With that, I'm happy to introduce Doug.
Douglas Tough: Thank you, Michael, and good morning and good afternoon to everyone. While the rest of the IFF team will take you through the full details of our quarter one performance, I would like to provide a few preliminary high-level comments. First, we are pleased with our strong start to 2011, especially in the context of comparing against double-digit growth in the prior year period. Our worldwide local currency sales increased 9%, as strong growth was achieved across both our Flavor and our Fragrance businesses. The primary driver of our performance continues to be success in winning new business. This strong sales growth plus our margin improvement initiatives, pricing actions and focus on profitable businesses mix flowing from our strategic review drove a 30 basis point improvement in gross margin to 41.6%, despite a 4% rise in raw material costs. Complimenting this success, our continued focus on cost discipline and productivity provided substantial benefits to operating profit margin, which improved 190 basis points to 18.7%, the highest quarterly level in nearly 7 years.  The end result of our operational performance was significant as adjusted earnings per share increased 21% year-on-year to an all-time quarterly record. We feel this is impressive taking in the context of the 42% adjusted EPS growth, which we achieved last year. But from a non-financial perspective, I want to mention some customer awards that we won during the quarter. Serving our customers is vital to IFF's success, so customer recognition means a lot to us.  First, in Flavors, we were recognized in Australia and in India by a multinational food and beverage company for our outstanding contribution to their business in 2010. Specifically, these honors cite our consistent and excellent quality, service, innovation and technology. The customer noted the work we have done to upgrade their offerings to achieve healthier profiles by our sodium and our sugar reduction tools, as well as extensive work in naturals. In Fragrances, our team in Brazil once again received an award for superior service from one of that country's largest cosmetic companies. In addition to this honor, we also received a social environmental responsibility award for our current and ongoing sustainability initiatives taking place in that region.  Looking at our first quarter results in the context of the strategic priorities that we laid out at our Investor Day on March 15 in New York City, we have begun to make progress. While we're still early in the process, we believe that by leveraging our geographic reach, strengthening our innovation platform and maximizing our portfolio, we can drive commercial performance that should lead to long term shareholder value. In the first quarter of 2011, our strong top line performance was once again driven by double-digit growth in the emerging markets. In these critical markets where per capita disposable income is growing at nearly 3x that of the developed markets, the demand for our customers' products is great. As a result of our long-standing presence and recent investments in the emerging markets, we experienced 12% growth from these locations in the quarter. Highlights include 20-plus percent growth in key markets such as Russia, Indonesia, India, Turkey, the Middle East, South Africa, Poland and other countries. Under the direction of Dr. Ahmet Baydar, who many of you heard speak at our Investor Day, we believe our greatest opportunity as a company remains our ability to deliver superior innovation to our customers. For that reason, we try to have our innovative products and delivery systems carry a margin premium greater than our existing business, as our customers reward us for greater differentiation.  In the first quarter, we have made progress strengthening our innovation platform by increasing our absolute R&D dollar investment by approximately $5 million or 9% to support the growth initiatives. In Flavors R&D, we have entered into an agreement with GLG Life Tech Corporation, a vertically-integrated leader in the agricultural and commercial development of high-quality stevia, to pursue exploration and commercialization of Reb C, a sweetness modulator product that helps lower calorie levels while improving the same great taste.  On the Fragrance side, we were recently awarded the 2011 FiFi Award for Technological Breakthrough of the Year from The Fragrance Foundation. This is the highest honor in the fragrance industry, and it was awarded for our unique encapsulation technology, which was applied to a new category, Hair Care.  And finally, as part of our strategic assessment, we have identified underperforming businesses that we believe can be improved. As such, we have begun implementing various solutions, including price increases to improve overall profitability, and have been successful in some instances. As expected, in other areas, we have begun to exit some low margin businesses in the first quarter. While the impact was small, approximately $1 million in sales in this quarter, it is an important part of our strategy to focus our efforts on profitable categories.  After Nicolas, Hernan and Kevin finish their respective sessions, I will give you some perspectives on our outlook for the full year. With that, I would like to introduce our Group President of Fragrances, Nicolas Mirzayantz.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Doug, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. I am happy to report a 7% local currency sales growth in the first quarter in the context of an 18% growth rate in Q1 2010. In the face of challenging comparisons, our strong pipeline of new business drove an 8% increase in our Europe, Africa and Middle East regions and a 9% increase in both our Latin America and Greater Asia regions. The only region where results were soft was in North America, where our very strong new wins performance was upset by volume erosion. In the Fine and Beauty Care category, local currency sales grew 14% over the prior year period, against a very strong 28% sales growth in Q1 2010. Strong new wins performance drove a 22% growth in EAME, in an absolute dollar basis, it was the largest contributor of incremental dollars.  Latin America continued to represent our fastest growing region, expanding 23% in local currency as both new business wins and volume growth with existing customer drove results. I am also pleased with the growth of 7% in Asia, reflecting our progress across Fine and Beauty categories.  Functional Fragrances continue to perform well, growing 4% on top of 10% growth in Q1 2010 as new wins across all categories more than offset volume declines. From a geographic perspective, the strong trend in Greater Asia continued as Fabric Care and Home Care grew double digits. Globally, our Home Care business grew double digits as our unique portfolio of ingredients and technological applications provided significant opportunities for growth.  Lastly, comparing to a 20% growth rate in the year ago period, Fragrance Ingredients grew 3% as our pricing initiatives drove results in the sectors of business where commodity-based pricing is more rapid and transparent. Consistent with our discussion on our fourth quarter conference call, we did see an acceleration in input costs in Q4, and we were responsive with immediate pricing actions.  From a geographic perspective, the strong trend seen in the emerging markets throughout 2010 continued in the first quarter 2011. Performance in these markets were strong, growing 12% or nearly 4x the rate of the developed market in the first quarter. In our EAME region, strong double-digit results in Eastern Europe, Africa and the Middle East, were realized as we continue to increase our investment in these key markets. In Latin America, Brazil, all others country within the emerging markets, we're mid-teens on the back of new business wins in Fine and Beauty Care. In Greater Asia, Indonesia, India, Vietnam and Thailand generated double-digit growth.  From a profitability standpoint, adjusted operating profit grew 13% or $8 million to $69 million as volume growth, higher pricing, the benefits from our previously announced European facilities rationalization, continued internal cost initiatives and favorable mix more than offset the rapidly accelerating input cost environment. It is important to note that the completed closure of our Drogheda, Ireland manufacturing facility, as well as the partial closure of our Haverhill, U.K. Ingredients manufacturing facility played an integral role in our performance in the first quarter. The combination of these restructuring pressure pricing initiatives more than offset the input cost acceleration seen since the first quarter of 2010. As a result, adjusted operating profit margin in the quarter increased 110 basis points to 18.3% versus the first quarter of 2010.  Looking ahead to the second quarter, it is important to note that we will face our most difficult year-over-year comparison of 2011, 43% local currency sales growth. While we continue toward this success winning new business, we expect the challenging comparables will place pressure on our top line growth in the second quarter. In addition, accelerating input costs are expected to pressure gross margin in the second quarter as the full impact of our pricing initiatives are not expected to be fully realized until the third quarter. It is important to note that these pressures are real and require additional pricing conversation with our customers as material prices, such petrochemicals-related product, have demonstrated strong volatility. I would like now to turn the call over to our Group President of Flavors, Hernan Vaisman, who will provide an update on the Flavors business.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Nicolas. Marking the third consecutive quarter of growth, I am happy to report that local currency sales in the first quarter grew 12%, as double-digit growth in Beverage, Savory and Confectionery drove results. Our very strong performance can once again be attributed to increased volumes and new business wins across all regions and all categories. In the developed markets, our health and wellness portfolio continues to offer excellent growth opportunities. Our recent successes in taste modulation solutions and naturals continued into the first quarter. In North America, double-digit growth in Beverage, Savory and Confectionery was mainly driven by our taste modulation portfolio as many of our new wins were geared towards less sugar or less salt. Our strong performance in Europe continued to benefit from the new European legislation for approved natural flavors profiles. Our earning production of many of these natural flavors has led to a double-digit growth across all our categories in Europe. In Latin America, solid growth was achieved as Confectionery, and Dairy grew double digits. And finally, growth in Greater Asia remained strong as double-digit trends in Beverage and Dairy continued into the first quarter.  As mentioned earlier, we have identified underperforming businesses which require action to grow profitability. In the first quarter, we did exit some low-profit businesses, which was approximately $1 million or one percentage point of growth in Greater Asia. Going forward, I expect this number will grow as we believe exiting certain underperforming businesses is one option to maximize shareholder value. As such, the quality of growth is expected to be better as we further develop our profitable businesses. Looking at the geographic breakdown of our sales, I am very pleased with our balanced performance across all regions. In the developed market of North America and Europe, we experienced double-digit growth driven by new wins and volume growth. Complementing this success, the strong trends seen in the emerging markets have continued into the first quarter. The BRIC countries on a combined basis grew double digits. Growth in Eastern Europe, Africa and the Middle East also grew double digits as new business wins drove results. From an R&D perspective, we have partnered with GLG Life Tech Corporation to develop the extraction capability for high-grade Reb C extract for exclusive use by IFF as a flavor modulator, which will contribute to our health and wellness toolbox when available. While not a sweetener itself, Reb C has been trialed with sweeteners that has shown to enable a 20% to 25% reduction in calories, making it a nice addition to our portfolio.  First quarter operating growth was very strong, growing 28% or $17 million to $79 million. This increase was led by accelerated sales growth and continued cost disciplines that more than offset the developing input cost pressures. As a result, operating profit margin improved 280 basis points to 23.3% versus 20.5% in the prior year period.  Looking ahead, while we are comparing to an 11% growth rate in the second quarter of 2010, we are off to a solid start as new business wins are expected to be the driver of our results. With that, let me turn to Kevin.
Kevin Berryman: Thank you, Hernan, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. In the first quarter, local currency sales grew 9% as strong growth in the emerging markets and increased levels of innovation drove results. Our operational leverage from the strong top line performance combined with our margin improvement initiatives, continued focus on efficiency and lower incentive compensation expense versus the year-ago period, drove a 22% increase in adjusted operating profit. In the context of this strong growth, we also made strategic investments to help ensure our growth momentum can be maintained, especially in the emerging markets. While the benefits of lower interest expense and a marginally favorable tax rate were a benefit to bottom line results, these were offset by approximately $6 million of other expense. The driver behind this expense relates to foreign exchange losses on outstanding working capital exposures principally associated with the weakening U.S. dollar over the course of the quarter. At the end, our strong operational performance drove a 21% increase in adjusted earnings per share to $1.03, which is an all-time company high.  Analyzing the P&L in more detail, I would like to further discuss input costs, RSA costs or Research, Selling and Administrative costs, and currency. Specifically related to input costs, the pressure we experienced in the fourth quarter began to accelerate as we did experience a 4% increase in the first quarter of 2011. As expected, both business units saw year-over-year increases.  Going forward, we expect input cost pressures to escalate in the second and third quarter as the cost of our higher current raw material purchases flow through the P&L. In particular, we've seen strong increases in turpentine, petrochemicals, citrus oils and mint menthol, all driven by market dynamics. As cost pressures build in the second quarter, we expect the gross margin will be under pressure as our pricing actions will not take full effect until the second half of 2011.  From an overhead cost standpoint, RSA expenses as a percentage of sales decreased 160 basis points year-over-year to 23%, reflecting strong operating leverage and lower incentive compensation provisions, offset by business reinvestments to support future growth. Within RSA, R&D expense as a percentage of sales was flat at 8%. However, on an absolute basis, R&D expense actually increased by approximately $5 million or 9% as higher investments were made to support strategic initiatives.  Looking towards the balance of the year, with the accelerating levels of input costs, controlling our cost structure will be vital to our success. While we do plan to make incremental investments in R&D efforts and commercial opportunities throughout the year, we will remain disciplined in the management of our costs to support our investments into higher profit categories, regions and customers.  Regarding currency, the euro declined in value year-over-year against the U.S. dollar in Q1, and had a slight negative impact on results. However, looking ahead, if currency rates stay where they are today, with the euro at $1.43, we expect foreign exchange impacts to be favorable for the full year 2011. As we have previously communicated, we have also implemented hedging strategies in order to protect our levels of euro-based profits at the local affiliate level. Currently, we have hedged approximately 65% of our euro-based exposure in 2011 at rates near the full year 2010 average euro/U.S. dollar exchange rate. Our upside on euro exposure therefore will come from the remaining 35% that is not hedged. This should be taken into consideration when modeling the impact of foreign exchange over the balance of the year.  From a cash flow statement perspective, our strong operational performance provided a substantial increase in net income. However, we did see an increase in working capital for the quarter, driven by a few large one-off cash events. A large reduction in payables was driven by our 2010 annual incentive compensation payout and a tax payment. When combined, these items resulted in a decrease in payables of $70 million versus the same quarter a year ago. Further increases in working capital were driven by our growth and a quarter-end increase in accounts receivable. These dynamics resulted on our cash from operations following over $67 million from the year ago period. As a reminder, we expect our capital expenditures to grow to levels near 5% of sales in 2011. These investments will focus on supporting strategic growth, with a specific concentration in the emerging markets, and also driving efficiencies by strategically improving our manufacturing and supply-chain footprint.  Before Doug provides his comments on the full year, I would like to give you some perspective on the initial trends we are seeing in Q2. Although our first quarter performance was strong, our local currency sales levels have exhibited some softness through April. The strong performance in Flavors is continuing into the second quarter, however, Fragrance sales are under pressure in light of challenging year-ago comparisons. If this trend continues throughout the balance of the quarter, we could see our performance in Flavors being offset by softness in Fragrances. As expected, we are also experiencing gross margin contraction as the full impact of our pricing actions to cover rising input costs are not expected to take effect until the third quarter. That being said, our disciplined approach to cost management, including the reduced levels of incentive compensation versus year-ago levels, should drive operating profit dollars and margin higher in Q2, which should lead to low double-digit EPS growth in the second quarter. With that, I would like to turn the call back over to Doug for his perspective on the full year of 2011.
Douglas Tough: Thank you, Kevin. Looking ahead, we continue to believe our recently stated financial metrics remain appropriate. And therefore, we expect local currency sales in 2011 to be in line with our 4% to 6% long-term growth target. As Kevin has also mentioned, we are seeing top line trends slow in the second quarter in light of the very difficult year-ago comparison. However, we believe new business wins will continue to drive growth for the full year. As our input costs are expected to rise throughout the year, it necessitates that we not only follow through on discussions with customers regarding increased pricing, and also, we'd discuss the second round of increase as costs have risen significantly since the first set of those discussions. Further, on those businesses that are heavily dependent on petrochemicals, we will need to consider a further increase should current trends remain, as Nicolas previously cited. The pricing actions that we are discussing with our customers range from low single-digit to high double-digit increases, depending upon the facts associated with the ingredients that we are using in the creation of the products that we sell to them. While discussions with customers regarding price increases are never easy, the business unit teams are proactively speaking with our customers using a fact-based approach to the real increases in cost that the industry is facing and how those costs affect the specific flavors and/or fragrances that we are selling to them. The rapidly changing cost environment requires these actions on top of our existing cost disciplines, and customers recognize this environment as they are experiencing it from many suppliers. Given our discussions to-date, we believe that we will be able to offset the cost increases longer-term through our pricing efforts, but will have a modest 2011 impact on gross margin due to higher costs and the lag in pricing. We also continue to make progress against our strategic priorities as we accelerate our growth in the right categories, the right regions and customers, and improve our overall profitability by implementing margin-enhancing solutions or exiting low-margin businesses. As such, we are optimistic that our performance in this first quarter coupled with the opportunities we see throughout the remainder of the year give us the confidence to achieve our long-term targets of 4% to 6% local currency sales growth, better than 9% operating profit growth and 10% plus EPS growth for the full year 2011.  In summary, we are pleased with our strong start to 2011. Our performance across all financial metrics was solid as the team has done an excellent job building on our successes of 2010, and we have made investments in our future in R&D and in manufacturing. As we look towards the balance of the year, we remain cautiously optimistic that our pricing actions, savings from our European restructuring and the efficiency programs will help us mitigate the gross margin pressures seen from rising input costs in 2011. We expect that our disciplined approach to costs and reduced levels of incentive compensation versus year-ago, offset by some incremental investments in the business, both on category projects and R&D, will result in strong operating profit growth.  Longer-term, our strategic review has provided insight to management as to the opportunities to further enhance our performance going forward. Our plan embeds these insights to address the opportunities identified, all of which we believe will offer our shareholders strong returns, longer-term. With that, I and the rest of the management team will be happy to take any questions that you might have. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Mark Astrachan with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess just firstly on April, in terms of trying to flesh out a little bit more of what you talked about, can you give us a bit of color around how much you think was timing in terms of shipments or sales ahead of pricing that you took in the first quarter, whether there's any sort of change that you're seeing from an in-demand standpoint, particularly in Fragrances? And then, what the month sales in May have looked like at least in the first, call it 10 days of the month?
Kevin Berryman: Mark, this is Kevin. I'll take a crack and then hand over to Nicolas for any additional color. I would say that in terms of your specific question on whether there was a Q1 versus Q2 dynamic on sales relative to the pricing actions we were taking, we don't exactly have a lot of clarity as it relates to that. But we do see versus our Q2 performance a year ago, we have a very strong comparable. And certainly, that is one of the drivers to some of the softness that we are seeing in our Fragrance business in the initial stages of Q2. I don't believe that ultimately, the pricing dynamic would have played any particular materiable, at least we don't have a sense of that, but certainly, the year ago comparables are quite strong and it's certainly some element of the driver of performance that we are seeing in the preliminary stages of Q2. I won't really talk about specifically in May, but I would just say that as we have started the quarter, we're continuing to see the softness that we have alluded to in terms of our Q2 performance that we outlined in the comments on the call. Perhaps, I could turn it over to Nicolas for any other additional commentary as it relates to the Q2 picture.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Kevin. Mark, in response to Q2 dynamics, as you recall, we had a very strong growth level a year ago. For the business unit, we grew 23% on a global basis, but if you go into more details, Fine and Beauty Care grew 37%, Ingredients grew 24% and Functional Fragrances grew 12%. Back then, the drivers included strong base business growth, which included some benefit of restructuring for those strong new wins, including an exceptionally strong pipeline built in new products. So as we compare to these tiers, we're seeing some softness. However, our underlying new win performance remains strong, and our expectation is that we should return to more normalized levels in H2.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Aaron with RBX (sic) [RBC] Capital.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I wanted to ask just a question on the Flavors business. The market share trends there seem to really be accelerating, and could kind of seems like maybe there's a bigger structural change that might be happening there. I just wanted to get some perspective on how you view that and what the sustainability of that might be.
Hernan Vaisman: Well, Ed, as I mentioned before, I mean these -- I mean, results that we had in the last year came on back of a -- with the strategy that we outlined 4 years ago, when we review last year. So I mean, basically, these, I mean, bench in the market shares held through a good technology and a very well executed, I mean, establishment in there that we mentioned 9 years ago. The health and wellness trend is helping us in a very solid way. We have now a very strong portfolio that they've helped us to deliver where the customers are looking at, together with the naturals. So I believe that this, I mean, strong health portfolio will help us to keep momentum.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Liebermann with Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Just I want to clarify, some of you said it a bunch of times, but what you're calling soft for the second quarter is really a matter of comparison, not demand?
Kevin Berryman: Yes, that's how we would interpret the softness in the Fragrance business right now.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Then just on that hedging loss, so how should we think about that for the rest -- I don't really know how to model out or think about that, because it's actually a pretty big swing factor in the quarter in terms of profitability more than offset it, but kind of how do we think about that from here with currency, where it is?
Kevin Berryman: Well, Lauren, this depends ultimately on what's going on with foreign currencies. If I had that view, I -- I have a different perspective on a lot of things, but at the end of the day, it's difficult to model that. It is clear that we had a variety of exposures that kind of cumulated, and have a receivable when the U.S. dollar went one direction and then a payable for our U.S. dollar went in the other direction in terms of strengthening or weakening, and that translated into the number that we saw in the first quarter. Going forward, I don't expect that to continue, and as a matter of fact, as we looked over the course of the quarter with the U.S. dollar strengthening, that -- or weakening, that will translate ultimately into an improvement in our effect on earnings per share over the course of the year. So the challenge over the quarter, which was a start of the quarter to the end of the quarter perspective, now that we're at higher levels of foreign currency levels versus U.S. dollar, that will translate into an improved performance from a P&L perspective going forward. So I don't think that you necessarily need to think about that as an ongoing cost.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay, perfect. And then just on Functional Fragrance in the past -- this second quarter, any thoughts on what might drive an acceleration in that business? It sounds like wins are still good but the drag from volume's sluggishness on existing business is a little tough, and especially with a lot of your customers taking pricing. What are your thoughts on that business in the back half?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Lauren, as we mentioned, the pipeline of new business is very strong across the portfolio and across the regions, so we'll have to see and monitor the market dynamics. When we look, we still have some positive trends going on like in Functional in Asia, where we see a good continued demand, but it will be too early to say right now what will be the initiatives from our customers.
Operator: Your next question will come from Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I just have a quick one. I think Doug and Kevin mentioned a couple of times that you're going back in evaluating another round of price increases. I just wondered if you could talk to the dynamics of that. Are you going back to the customers and taking bigger increases on the discussions you already had? Are you planning a second round later in the year? Or maybe just taking that more broadly, how are you guys thinking about changing systems or internal processes to maybe be more nimble and thinking about taking pricing more frequently?
Douglas Tough: Well, I'll start, Andrew, and then ask Nicolas or Hernan to jump in. I mean the process is really one of negotiating from a fact-base, so we have order of magnitude. 10,000 ingredients, they're not all in fluctuation but many are, and many are of frankly, insignificant fluctuation. And so the issue is negotiating with the customers, sharing with them the specifics. I mean, things that are petrol-based are obvious to almost all people from the standpoint of the cost structure. And we will review with the customer, the ingredients which are in their formulas and the costs which are changing, and those with dynamics which we see. I mean I think there is already a relatively good degree of nimbleness in the context of our line of sight from procurement, identifying some of these trends early on, which let us get into discussions with customers based on the then-assumptions. They have changed significantly. Again, many of our customers and fellow competitors have been very open about the nature of how rapidly things are changing, which is why on the heels of a first increase, we've had to go back for a second round, and conceivably, particularly petrol-based, a third round. And again, it's the basis on sharing with them the facts, which we've been successful in negotiating the price increases so far.
Hernan Vaisman: We are saying -- the integration, I mean, you say it fact-based. As an example, I mean, we saw this increase in the last quarter in some raw materials, we went to the customers with facts and we discussed for price increase we'll have to implement in the last quarter, in the first quarter. Then we saw a further acceleration in some raw materials and we started the second round of the negotiations, and we are in the process to discuss again, with fact-based, item by item, any price increases with our customers.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I would concur with what Hernan say, then also, Doug. We are much more fact-based and detail-oriented. We can precisely identify what could be the impact of the input cost, formula by formula. So we're sharing all this information with our customers. We're very transparent. I think that the facts are very clear on the market and we can compare to some of the other trends. So we're providing all that background information with our customers in our conversations.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then just a quick follow-up if I could on that same topic. Does the rising input cost environment have any impact on how you think about product line exits?
Douglas Tough: It will from a strategic point of view. From the standpoint of we have goals and objectives and whether it's a base business or a business going forward, it really needs to contribute to the profitability in terms of our model. So if we can't get that pricing and we can't get a basis for product differentiation, it would very much influence the thinking on potentially exiting. But at the risk of some repetition, that exit is the final chapter. We will look for all opportunities with customers to negotiate a good settlement and a path forward in order to have a satisfactory business for us and for them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co: This is Silke Kueck for Jeff. Two questions, the first one is, can you quantify how much the closures of the Ireland and U.K. facilities contributed to operating profits in the Fragrance business and how much it should contribute to the full year results?
Kevin Berryman: Silke, this is Kevin. We've communicated in the past that we--our expectation is that we will be able to deliver $17 million to $20 million of savings, so we still believe that, that is the right level. We're going to fall into that range, so you can basically assume that there is some percentage of that, that was incorporated into the fourth quarter results in line with our annual objectives.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So was it a quarter of that or was it less than that in the first quarter?
Kevin Berryman: In the first quarter, I would say it was at the lower end of the range.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, thanks. And my follow-up question is on volumes in the Flavor business. When I look at the North American and the European Flavor volumes, they were both very, very strong. And in North America, did new business wins contribute about half of this growth? And similarly, maybe in Europe, maybe you can explain some of the changes in the portfolio for naturals and how that contributed to volume growth?
Hernan Vaisman: [indiscernible] With something within North America, as I mentioned, I mean, this same growth was basically brought by a new wins. I mean we had a very successful many wins in the Beverage business. We're really remarkable on big business, that's why you see such a big growth in North America. In Europe, I think that you capitalized 2 main aspects, the naturals ones. I mean as I mentioned in calls, we have been working, we really, I mean, bring to the new level our naturals product portfolio. We are supplying to our customers now all natural flavors that they were requesting by the customers in Europe. This is basically more or less concentrated in the developed markets. And on the other hand, as I mentioned also, I mean the vehicle, the material growth in Europe or EAME is bring with by the developing market. We have very good success in the Central, South and Eastern Europe, together with Africa and Middle East. So EAME results, that this is 4, 5 quarter in a row that would visit[ph], you can attribute to the naturals, I mean, product portfolio that we have been improved, and the growth coming from the emerging markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Emily Klingbeil with Crédit Suisse.
Emily Klingbeil - Crédit Suisse AG: I have 2 quick questions, one is just a clarification. I was wondering if you could tell us what the new wins were as a percentage of sales in the quarter just for the entire company. How much of your top line growth did new wins represent? And then my second question relates to the comment that you made on the $1 million of sales that went away due to underperforming businesses. And I'm just curious, is that in aggregate? Because you mentioned that it came out of Greater Asia. And can you give us any sense in terms of what we can expect in terms of an acceleration of this for the full year?
Kevin Berryman: Emily, it's Kevin. I'll take a crack at the first piece as it relates to the volume versus wins. Because we're comparing to various strong performance levels of year ago and we're starting to see erosion levels that are becoming more normalized for the Fragrance business, our new win performance was representative of a large percentage of the total growth that we were able to realize for the quarter. And so, I think, in total, that's the question. There was a little bit of pricing, but it was immaterial in terms of the total picture. But new wins was the bulk, certainly 80% or thereabout.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Regarding, I mean, the second part of your question, and, yes, when we exit one business in Greater Asia, as I mentioned, it was $1 million, which represented 1% of the sales in Greater Asia. We have been, I mean, we exit this business, the growth would have been 8%. For the time being, I can't -- I refrain to leave any additional information, but as was mentioned and by that, we are analyzing case-by-case. And whatever we don't find any other solution, we will be exiting on regional business going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Michael Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: In terms of S&A as a percent of sales, those were up 15% for the first quarter, it's tended to be around 17%. Is this 15% of sales sort of the new run rate to think about for this business for the next couple of quarters and next couple of years?
Kevin Berryman: Well, Mike, if you think about the picture for Q2 specifically, that certainly will not be the case if the risk profile that we've been talking about relative to a softness in the Fragrance business offsetting the continued strong growth in Flavors. So certainly, in that kind of scenario, we would have an RSA level that is higher. So don't necessarily think that you can assume that going forward. We've communicated that we will have continued investments in to support not only R&D initiatives, but also commercial opportunities around the world, primarily in emerging markets. So as those opportunities become clear, we will certainly look to drive our investments. We had identified some high-value at-stake opportunities in our strategic initiative last year that we alluded to and talked to in our Investor Day on March 15, and we'll continue to stay focused against those initiatives as well. So that will ultimately translate into some potential investments in our RSA levels.
Michael Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: So maybe something closer to that 24% level is probably sort of the new run rate versus 25%, 26% in the past?
Kevin Berryman: Well, the other thing that you have to think about, Mike, too, is the incentive compensation change that we had versus year-ago. And you remember the very, very strong performance that we had year-ago. So there are some lower levels there that we will see in 2011.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erik Sjogren of Morgan Stanley.
Erik Sjogren - Morgan Stanley: I just wanted to ask about the EAME region, obviously, has a very strong performance. I think this, which I find a bit surprising given the events in North Africa and the -- in fact, most staples [ph] companies, as far as I can tell, have seen fairly modest growth in the Western, Eastern Europe. Is this -- was there anything specific, which really drove -- is there any big phasing of orders in that? And is this an area where you're seeing a slow down now during the second quarter or...
Hernan Vaisman: Erik, no. As I mentioned before, I mean this performance you mean in Africa, I mean this at the back of the new wins. If you recall, we would say that we were, I mean, in the past focusing on those areas in growth area, high-growth area. So if there is a suddenly, a slow down for whatever [indiscernible] in a specific case, where I think we offset by new wins. I still recall your second point, we still believe, I mean, a very good growth in the second quarter in those areas.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Aaron with RBX (sic) [RBC] Capital.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just a couple of follow-ups. Just to clarify, there was an earlier question about whether you saw any kind of pre-buying ahead of price increases that might have benefited the first quarter at the expense of Q2. I think you might have addressed it. I'm not sure I caught the answer. Can you just make sure you clarify that for us? And then I have one more after that.
Kevin Berryman: Ed, this is Kevin. We didn't see that as a material driver to performance in Q1. Could there've been certain instances or whether that could have occurred, certainly, but we didn't see it as the material driver, obviously.
Edward Aaron - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, great. And then I just want to ask on variable compensation as well. If memory serves, that the normalization effect of that in 2011 would be a benefit year-over-year something north of $30 million. And I know you said that the variable comp expense was down in the first quarter, but just based on where the corporate G&A number shook out for the quarter, it seems like it couldn't have really been down by that much. So I was just wondering if we're likely to see that full $30 million plus add back in 2011 or perhaps figures coming in stronger, maybe we get a little bit less of that benefit.
Kevin Berryman: I think the answer to the question is pretty simple. If we over-perform, incentive compensation provisions will be higher. If we underperform, they will be lower. So I think the fact that we would suggest to you that the numbers for Q1 were very strong. That certainly had some incremental provisions that we would assume for incentive comp in Q1. Going forward, it will depend upon how we perform.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Douglas Tough: Thank you all very much for your participation today.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-10 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau – IR Manager Doug Tough – Chairman & CEO Hernan Vaisman – Group President, Flavors Nicolas Mirzayantz – Group President, Fragrances Kevin Berryman – EVP & CFO
Analysts: Mark Astrachan – Stifel Nicolaus Emily Klingbeil – Credit Suisse John Roberts – Buckingham Research Jeff Zekauskas – JPMorgan: Asher Kanka [ph] – RBC Capital Markets Lauren Lieberman – Barclays Capital Andrew Sawyer – Goldman Sachs Mike Sison – KeyBanc Edward Yang – Oppenheimer Sam Yake – BGB Securities 
Operator: At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2010 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be on a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. Participants will be announced by their name and company name and in order to get all participants an opportunity to ask their question, we request a limit of one question per person. I’d now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Investor Relations Manager. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you, Operator, and good morning everyone. Speaking on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Doug Tough; our President of Flavors, Hernan Vaisman; our President of Fragrances, Nicolas Mirzayantz and our CFO, Kevin Berryman. Also in the room with us today is Beth Ford, our Executive Vice President, Supply Chain. This call is being recorded and will be available for playback on our Web site. Please keep in mind that during this call we’ll be making forward-looking statements about the company’s performance, particularly with respect to the first-quarter and full-year of 2011. These statements are based on how we see things today and contain some elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, I ask that you to refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in IFF’s filing with the SEC. Some of today’s prepared remarks we’ll discuss the non-GAAP financial information which excludes those items that affect comparability. These items are laid out in our reconciliation to comparable net GAAP measures, which is also available on our Web site. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Doug.
Doug Tough: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, good afternoon to everyone. IFF had an excellent year in calendar year 2010 led by strong performances across both Flavors and Fragrances. Our 13% local currency sales growth can be credited to strong growth in the emerging markets, increased relative innovation and an underlying strength across our product portfolio. While we did experience some benefits from restocking and favorable comparisons early in the year, I am pleased to say that a large part of our success was driven by new business wins. This record top-line performance provided strong operational leverage that when combined with our margin improvement initiatives drove a substantial increase in operating profit. For the full-year, adjusted operating profit increased 17% and operating profit margin expanded 60 basis points to 16.3%. The benefits of lower interest expense and a more favorable tax rate provided additional leverage to our bottom-line results. For the full-year, adjusted earnings per share grew 25% to $3.37, a company record for the highest annual EPS we’ve achieved. I’d like to now highlight some key accomplishments that we achieved throughout the last 12 months. First, from a customer perspective, we’re recognized as a leading supplier by both Procter & Gamble and Natura. In addition, we’re selected as a global core supplier for a multinational flavor customer, making us one of only three suppliers on that coveted list. In 2010, we solidified our commitment to research and development by appointing Dr. Ahmet Baydar to a newly creative position of Senior Vice President, Research and Development. Under Dr. Baydar’s direction, we are strengthening our efforts in innovation, technological development and external collaborations. All of which are viable to accelerating our performance. In addition, we signed a licensing agreement with a developer of our all natural sweetness enhancer Redpoint Bio that will enable us to offer our customers more natural solutions for reduced sugar products. More recently, we’ve entered into an agreement with Evolva Holding, a publicly-traded Swiss biotech company. The objective of our partnership is to create a commercially viable biosynthetic route for production of a key ingredient. We also recently announced our plans to invest over $100 million in Greater Asia over the next three years. This investment will be allocated to two new state-of-the art manufacturing facilities located in Guangzhou, China and Singapore, as growth in this region continues to accelerate. It is important that we align our infrastructure to support our capacity requirements. Our investment reflects our continued confidence in our growth strategies in the Asia region, and our long-term commitment to these very important emerging markets. And last, but not least, we began work in 2010 to enhance our growth and our profitability by embarking on a strategic assessment of the company. In our new approach, we evaluated our categories, our customers and our regions by aligning all appropriate cost to better understand where we’re creating the highest levels of value. What was highly encouraging is that the diversity across our IFF franchise in total is strong. Both the flavors and fragrance businesses have solid margins and a significant runway for future growth. Similar to most businesses, we’re able to point our opportunities where we can accelerate our performance. By better understanding the facts, our leadership team now has the ability to make better business decisions, which in turn, should lead to greater financial returns for our shareholders. While we’ll not disclose specific details behind the results of our review, for obvious competitive reasons, I look forward to discussing our strategy with investors at an Investor Day that we’ll hold on March 15 in New York City. As you can see, we’ve made a tremendous amount of progress, both financially and strategically, making 2010 an outstanding year. Before passing on to Hernan, I’d like to acknowledge and thank the many IFF associates around the world, who have helped us achieve such success in 2010. In particular, I’d like to give my special thanks to those who worked diligently alongside our external consultants to complete our strategic review. Thanks to their hard work and dedication, we’re better positioned to improve our overall growth and profitability. Now, before passing on to the team to review the details of our fourth-quarter results, I did want to give you my perspective on Q4. Consistent with the previous three-quarters, our strong local currency sales performance continued into the fourth-quarter. Margins, which are historically lowest in the fourth-quarter, were impacted by growth oriented incentive compensation expense, rising input costs, particularly in the fragrance ingredients business and lower R&D credits. In addition, as we’ve communicated throughout the year, we did make targeted investments to support identified strategic initiatives. Despite these additional costs, we’re successful in driving earnings per share growth as our adjusted EPS increased 10%. If we did not have the elevated levels of incentive compensation, adjusted earnings per share would have approached the mid $0.70 range. With that, I am now pleased to introduce Hernan Vaisman, our Group President of Flavors, who’ll provide an update on the Flavors business.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Doug, and hi, everyone. I’m very happy to report that local currency sales in the fourth-quarter increased 11%. Most regions reported double-digit growth. A very strong performance was once again driven by increased volumes on new business means across all categories. The strong trends in Greater Asia continued into the fourth-quarter as every category reported double-digit growth. From a regional perspective, our three largest Greater Asia markets, China, Indonesia, and India combined grew an impressive 18%. In the developed markets of North America and EAME, double-digit growth in Savory and Confectionary growth [ph] results. Our strong performance in Europe can be credited to our new EU regulatory approved to our natural flavors profile. Real introduction of these profiles enabled our customer to accelerate the development of their products to comply with a new legislation, while meeting the consumer demand for more natural products. Our performance in Latin America was strong as Confectionary, Savory and Dairy all grew double-digits. On a full-year basis, local currency sales increased 10%. In Greater Asia and EAME, nearly, all categories experienced double-digit growth. In North America, increased volumes, and new business wins in Savory and Confectionary, drove results. In Latin America, new business wins and volume recovery in Savory, Confectionary and Dairy more than offset the loss of non-strategic business. Our strong positions in the emerging markets continue to pay dividends, as these regions grew 14% in the fourth-quarter and the full-year. In the key emerging markets, such as the BRIC countries, we grew nearly 20%. In Eastern Europe, the growth was impressive as Poland, Russia, Hungary combined doing excess 35%. As a result, our emerging market percent in Flavor has grown to approximately to 48% of sales in the fourth-quarter, a position that I expect will provide greater opportunities for growth in the future. From an R&D perspective, our innovative technologies such as sweetness enhancement and salt reduction were the components behind our new win performance. External collaborations such as our agreement with Redpoint Bio and our recently announced partnership with Evolva Holdings are long-term initiatives that are on the way to capture incremental sales and wellness opportunities. Adjusted operating profit increased $7 million to $54 million as strong sales growth and margin improvement initiative drove results. As a result, adjusted operating profit margin improved 50 basis points to 17.9%. Looking ahead, I expect that local currency sales growth will begin to normalize in the first-quarter as our year-over-year comparatives become more challenging. In addition, our efforts of focus on profitable categories could have a modest impact on our sales figures. Nevertheless, on a full-year basis, it is my expectation that our new win performance will continue to drive solid local currency sales and profit growth. With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Nicolas Mirzayantz our Group President of Fragrances.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Hernan, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. It is my pleasure to report in the context of 5% growth in Q4 2009, local currency sales in the fourth-quarter of 2010 increased 8% over the prior year period. Overall growth can once again be attributed to Fine Fragrance and Beauty Care and strong emerging market performance, as new business wins in Latin America and Greater Asia continue to drive results. For the fourth consecutive quarter, we achieved double-digit growth in Fine Fragrance and Beauty Care as new business wins and increased volume growth results in Europe, Latin America and Greater Asia. As noted on our last conference call, (inaudible) Armani Acqua di Gioia, Calvin Klein Beauty continued to play an integral part of overall growth in this category. Functional fragrance results were solid, as new wins across all categories more than offset volume declines. The strong trends in fabric care in Greater Asia continued, as the team was successful in both winning new business and growing production volume. North America and Europe did experience slowing, as volume weakness impacted results. In Home care, our collage composition and unique portfolio of ingredients grew high single-digit growth. Fragrance Ingredient sales performed well growing 9% as new wins, our strong portfolio and underlying improvement in demand continued to drive results. For the full-year, local currency sales increase 16% as new win performance improving economic conditions and benefits of restocking dropped double digit growth across all regions and nearly all categories. Our very strong performance can be credited to the team’s ability to execute key strategic initiatives that were developed few years ago. Our previous investments in consumer insight, innovation and creative expertise have enabled us to grow faster than the overall fragrance market in 2010, which in turn drove market share gains. In Fine Fragrance and Beauty Care specifically, new business wins and increased volume drove 26% growth. Functional Fragrance continued its momentum against a 5% comparable, growing 7% in 2010, as new win performance across all categories led results. Similar to Fine Fragrance, growth in Fragrance Ingredients was strong growing 18%. Looking at our geographic breakdown of sales, accelerated growth in the emerging market once again drove our improvement for the fourth-quarter. Performance in this market were very strong, growing 13% in the fourth-quarter and 18% for the full-year, significantly outpacing the developed markets Countries such as Brazil, Russia, India and China combined continued to grow over 20% as our longstanding presence and previous investment in these key regions led to above-market growth. The highlight in the fourth-quarter however continues to be Latin America where new wins and increased volume in Fine Fragrance and Beauty Care from both global and regional customer drove an impressive 48% growth rate. Say it another way our Latin American Fine Fragrance and Beauty Care results accounted for over 50% of our total Fine Fragrance and Beauty Care growth, impressive when you know that it makes up less than 25% of the category. From profitability standpoint, adjusted operating profit declined by $6 million to $46 million as strong sales growth and margin improvement initiatives were offset by accelerating input cost, lower R&D credits, higher growth-driven incentive compensation expense and investment to support growth. As a result, adjusted operating profit margin for assumedly smallest quarter decreased 250 basis points to 13.8%. It’s important to note that if we normalize the year-over-year impact of lower R&D credits in addition growth-driven incentive compensation expense, operating profits would have increased versus the prior year. Before commenting on 2011 I’d like to acknowledge our employees for their hard work and dedication. In particular I’d like to give recognition to the many IFF associates who worked tirelessly to compete the closure of our Drogheda, Ireland manufacturing facility as well as a partially closure of our Haverhill, U.K. manufacturing facility. Thanks in large part to these employees who were successful in not only rationalizing these facilities but we did so while meeting a historical level of demand and providing outstanding level of customer service. Looking ahead we’re facing challenging year-over-year comparables. In particular, the first half of 2011 would be more difficult than the second half, as we compare to an 18% local currency growth rate in Q1 2010 and a 23% growth rate in Q2 2010. Nonetheless, we believe our strong pipeline of new business should position us well as the underlying trend in Q1 are strong. We believe that these trends should translate into solid growth on a full-year basis. As Kevin will discuss shortly input costs have accelerated recently however, our pricing efforts continued margin improvement initiative and a $17 million to $20 million savings from our European manufacturing restructuring should offset these pressures. With that, let me turn it to Kevin.
Kevin Berryman: Thank you, Nicolas, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. Looking at our quarterly results, as Hernan and Nicolas have noted, our strong top-line growth continues to be driven by new business wins. Similar to what we experienced in the third-quarter, growth from new business wins outpaced volume growth. Volume trends from existing business as expected slowed, but remained positive. Emerging markets once again represented our strongest growth area increasing to 45% of our total business in the fourth-quarter and for the first time in company history, Greater Asia on a full-year basis has surpassed North America to become our second largest region behind our Europe, Africa and Middle East business. Gross margin was pressured slightly as input costs, particularly in the Fragrance business unit, increased years-over-year in the quarter. Adjusted operating declined $6 million to $84 million versus the fourth-quarter 2009 and adjusted operating profit margin decreased 210 basis points year-over-year to 13.4%. It should be noted that operating cost this quarter includes approximately $11 million of higher growth-driven incentive compensation costs versus what we’d consider more normalized levels and more R&D credits versus year ago. The additional incentive compensation expense above normalized levels continue to be driven by our strong performance year-to-date. We discussed the R&D credits impact on our conference call last year when we noted the accelerated levels of credits we realized in the fourth-quarter of 2009. Clearly, below the line items such as lower interest expense and a more favorable tax rate provided a boost to our EPS. For the quarter, adjusted earnings per share grew 10% to $0.69. Analyzing the P&L in more detail I’d like to further discuss input cost, research, selling and administrative cost or what we call RSA and currency. Regarding input costs, we did experience a 2% increase in the quarter. The Fragrance business unit cost increased year-over-year as the mix of business from a geographic and category base resulted in the use of higher-cost inventories. It’s important to note that we did see an acceleration in our Fragrance ingredients input cost which are the building blocks to our Fragrance compound business. Looking ahead to 2011, we expect input cost pressure to continue to build, as our current raw material purchases are showing signs of inflation. We’ve also seen additional acceleration in key input costs over the last six weeks driven by market dynamics in citrus oils, mint menthol and turpentine. We will, however, be proactive by taking pricing actions, driving margin-enhancing innovation and achieving efficiencies that we believe should offset pressures longer term. From an overhead cost standpoint, RSA expenses as a percent of sales increased 200 basis points year-over-year to 26.7%, as accelerated sales growth was offset by the previously mentioned growth-driven incentive compensation expense, increased investments in R&D, lower R&D credits and higher business reinvestments that are aligned with our strategy. Within RSA, R&D expense specifically as a percent of sales increased 160 basis points to 9.1%. Higher incentive compensation expense and lower R&D credits combined to drive a $60 million increase in RSA versus the year ago period. The balance of our increase or $7 million was driven by targeted investments in R&D which were highlighted in our strategic review and selling expense in order to strengthen our marketplace position. We believe these investments will provide us with opportunities to strategically grow our business longer term. In 2011, we’ll continue to maintain focus on the management of our cost structure to ensure we are operating efficiently. Investments in resources, R&D efforts and commercial opportunities will be driven by our belief in the profitable growth opportunities that these investments will deliver. Regarding currency, the euro declined in value year-over-year against the U.S. dollar as expected, which did place some pressure on our results. Looking ahead, as currency rates stay where they are today with the euro at $1.37, we expect foreign exchange to be modest to fully favorable for the full-year 2011. As we’ve previously communicated, we’ve also implemented hedging strategies in order to protect our levels of euro-based profits at the local affiliate level. Currently, we’ve hedged over 50% of our exposure in 2011 at rates near the full-year 2010 average euro U.S. dollar exchange rate. It’s important to note that the impact quarter-by-quarter may vary and the impact of our hedges in Q1 will place some pressure on earnings versus the current euro dollar exchange rate. As a reminder, as Nicolas has already alluded to, we’ve finalized the formal closure of our Drogheda, Ireland facility as well as the partial closure of our Haverhill, U.K. facility and shifted all operations to other facilities. The total costs for this initiative continues to be in line with the upper range of our previously communicated expectations. What worth noting is that we are currently working with the trustees of the pension plan of the impacted employee population regarding various aspects associated with the funding requirements for the plan. We expect to finalize this effort in the first-quarter of 2011. Finally, we continue to expect to deliver our targeted annual cost savings of $17 million to $20 million for this rationalization in 2011. From a cash flow perspective, we continue to make improvements of working capital efficiency versus the prior year. Year-end operational working capital defined as inventories, plus accounts receivable, minus accounts payable as a percentage of our sales declined 140 basis points year-over-year driven by our success in better managing our receivables and payables. This continued improvement in operational working capital efficiency helps support our ability to realize a positive cash flow from our total working capital position. For the second year in a row that working capital has been a source of cash. Quite impressive given the growth that we saw in our business this year. This efficiency combined with our strong operational performance drove a $23 million increase year-over-year in cash flow from operations. Capital expenditure finished the year at 4% of sales as expected. Looking ahead, we expect implementation plans from our recent strategic review may require some additional investments, although any upward pressure from our existing guidance of 4% should be minimal. Before passing it over to Doug, I’d like to make some final comments on our 2010 performance. First, our sales performance was strong and broad-based across our entire business had nearly three quarters of our categories finished the year up double-digits. From a regional perspective, our emerging markets grew nearly 1.5 times the rate of our developed markets as the investments we’ve made over the previous years of providing substantial returns. The operational leverage from the strong sales performance, when combined with lower input cost and our continued focus on efficiencies, not only drove margin improvements, but also allowed us the flexibility to make key investments that are aligned with our strategy. We believe that these incremental investments in R&D and business development resources will position us well as we compete in the marketplace. It should also be noted that while our substantial growth did tax our manufacturing efficiencies, we successfully executed the closure of 1.5 Fragrance European facilities. To position us well for our future, we made incremental capital investments, approximately $39 million versus 2009 levels that were directed at key growth regions and technologies that are aligned with our strategy. In addition, we recently announced our intention to invest over $100 million in two new state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities for both Flavors and Fragrance in China and Singapore. For the second year in a row, we made strong improvements of working capital as our efficiency levels improved significantly versus the prior year period. This improvement as well as our strong operational performance drove higher than year-over-year levels in cash flow from operations. Finally, as Doug noted, we completed an in-depth strategic review and have defined clear priorities going forward. Without question, 2010 was a year of great performance both financially and strategically. It was an important year as it has reaffirmed our confidence in our company’s ability to drive, improved future performance. With that, I’d like to turn it back over to Doug for his perspective on 2011.
Doug Tough: Thank you, Kevin and Nicolas and Hernan for the comprehensive review of Q4 and our full-year 2010 results. Looking ahead we expect local currency sales to be in line with our long-term targets in 2011 albeit that the quality of our growth will be better as we’ve begun exiting some lower margin businesses. We believe that our team’s ability to continue to win new business will be an important driver of results going forward while we are facing our most challenging year-over-year comparables in the first half we are off to a good start. We do expect input cost will rise in 2011. It is our expectation related to proactive pricing manufacturing efficiency and other internal cost of disciplines as well as the $17 million to $20 million savings from our European manufacturing restructuring should offset the pressures. From an RSA standpoint we’ll continue to be disciplined in the management of fixed cost. Some of the impacts we faced in 2010 in particular incentive compensation expense should transition to reflect more normalized business trends. We also plan to make investments to support future growth particularly in the areas identified in our strategic review. We’re incorporating our strategic findings to accelerate our growth in the right categories, regions and customers and improve our overall profitability by implementing margin enhancing solutions such as cost reduction or changes to pricing on parts of the portfolio that are under performing. Overall top-line growth maybe slightly impacted but some of these initiatives however the reduction will be in underperforming categories and customers. As a result of the above mentioned commentary, we are optimistic in our ability to deliver results that will approach our long-term financial targets. In summary, 2010 was a strong year at IFF, both from a financial perspective and a learning perspective. Our double-digit top-line and bottom-line performance is a testament to the company’s potential. Thanks in large part to the hard work and dedication across the entire organization, we’re able to deliver record results across almost all of our financial metrics. The IFF people worked very hard in establishing customer intimacy so that we understand our customers’ needs today and in the future. Those excellent relationships enabled us to achieve a heightened level of satisfaction and R&D success with our customers. We’ll look to sustain and improve that customer intimacy to continue to win in the marketplace. We also work diligently to fully understand where we are creating value and where we are destroying it. We’ve begun to incorporate those findings into our 2011 plan, as we expect to maximize those areas that provide the greatest opportunities, improve those areas that are more challenged. We believe the insights gained from our strategy review will provide additional opportunities as to how we drive incremental value longer-term for our shareholders. Looking at 2011, we’re optimistic about our growth prospects and the potential financial results that we can deliver. With that, we’d be happy to take any questions you may have. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Mark Astrachan from Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. I guess trying to get a sense of how quickly can pricing offset the input cost pressure. It sounds fine for the year, but I guess I’m trying to get a sense is the go-forward pricing intended to offset input cost pressure that you saw in the fourth-quarter, are you anticipating it will be for additional cost inflation in the first half of the year?
Doug Tough: I think we had noted, Mark, in past conference calls, we saw some of the cost pressures coming, so some of the pricing discussions have already started with our customers. Having said that, the acceleration in cost pressures came more swiftly than first anticipated and will necessitate pricing discussions at an even escalated level from where we’re. Those discussions are ongoing and they will vary customer to customer and region to region as well as almost product to product. Over the course of the first half, we’ll be having all these discussions and the implementation of the timing is going to vary. And I’ll invite Hernan or Nicolas to talk further if they want.
Hernan Vaisman: Yes, as Doug explained, we’re already discussing with customers and as he mentioned, this is one-by-one, you have different impact in the costs. We will see some recovery in price by this quarter, but we can’t precise exactly what will be the amount that we’ll be recovering.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mark, with same trend in Fragrances, as we had some visibility on some additional pressure on input cost, we have engaged with our customers providing great transparency as far as what were the key drivers of input costs and as Doug was mentioning, product by product, line by line, so, we’re working with our customers to secure this price increase.
Mark Astrachan - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. And then just sort of related to that, how accepting are the customers of pricing given what’s going on with commodity costs? And then just sort of related to that, is there an opportunity to take proactive pricing as well where applicable and not just reactive pricing?
Doug Tough: Well, I think from a pricing point of view with customers, no customer is necessarily looking for a price increase, but the good news is there is such visibility in the category as well as across a lot of categories and a lot of companies whether it’s oil as well as apparel companies, there’s pressure all around the globe right now, so the customers are aware of it. Nicolas, moment ago mentioned the word ‘transparency’ with our customers. We execute that transparency with sharing with them the cost information, which is in the public domain, so they have a good grasp of the factors at work. So, the receptivity to it is well understood.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Emily Klingbeil with Credit Suisse.
Emily Klingbeil - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning, and congratulations first of all on such a strong financial 2010. I have a similar question, but I guess slightly different take on it. First part of it is, with commodity cost increasing, particularly, at some of your largest customers and taking away some of their operating profit, I’d like to know how this is impacting innovation and demand for replacers and how you see it really impacting your top-line in terms of what they’re demanding from you? And then the second part of the question is on the commodity cost increases. How comfortable are you that you have levers to be able to offset those costs, whether it be through sourcing and/or through SG&A? Thank you.
Doug Tough: Emily, could you just restate the first question for me, please?
Operator: Emily, could you please press ‘*1’ again?
Michael DeVeau: Operator, can we go to the next question and then we’ll have Emily jump back into the Q&A session.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Good morning, guys.
Doug Tough: Good morning.
Hernan Vaisman: Good morning.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: As a result of the review, how much of your sales are in the questionable categories that you’ve some plan of action for dealing with?
Doug Tough: John, the element of sales that you call questionable is unfortunately for us in the modest sector. Most of the business came through very positively though in both Flavors and Fragrances there are opportunities. The good news though there are different ways to attack the problem. Some of it maybe through pricing, some of it through the concept of what does it cost to serve the customer. So where we’ve mentioned there will be a higher quality of sales, we’ve nevertheless still indicated that we’d expect to be in the 4% range plus in terms of top-line where we’ve been so, it’s a better quality, there will be some reduction but it’s at a modest level.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: You do want to give us a sense at what the total part is that needs to be addressed in pricing or some other way?
Doug Tough: Correct.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Okay. I’ll get back in queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Emily Klingbeil with Credit Suisse.
Emily Klingbeil - Credit Suisse: Hi. I still try that again. My question was really on just the commodity cost pressure that some of your largest customers are facing. My question is are you seeing this environment as one where they are looking to you and towards innovation to try to help them drive their top-line? And is that having a little bit of a reverse effect in terms of your win rate? How is it impacting your win rate?
Doug Tough: Well, I think Hernan will be able to talk to this well, but I’ll start. So far, as they are very much expecting us to come forward with innovation, ideas and ways to mitigate against this commodity cost pressure, and that’s where our consumer insights comes in, identifying things like health and wellness and nutrition, which has been particularly picked up by our Flavors Group. And I’d really like Hernan to talk about in more depth.
Hernan Vaisman: Yes. Definitely, we expect a switch between the high value products in term of innovation to more affordable products. So far we haven’t seen the market this kind of approach, but definitely, following experience that we had in the past, whenever you have this kind of price increases on specific raw materials, we’ll have these kind of request. In terms of how it’s going to really affect the effective trade, I strongly believe I mean following what went through many years, we’ve a very solid tool box to help our customers to go through this kind of price increase on their costs side.
Emily Klingbeil - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Hernan Vaisman: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning. I have a two part question. Can you compare the rate of cost inflation in your Flavors business versus the rate of cost inflation in your Fragrance business? And the second part is an unrelated question, which is that your deferred tax line on your funds flow statement was I think negative $13 million this year. And in the previous year it was negative 17. Are your cash taxes higher than your book taxes? And if they are, why is that?
Kevin Berryman: Let me take a crack, Jeff, on the inflation question, Flavors versus Fragrance. I’d certainly say that we’re seeing higher levels of input cost trend for the fragrance business at this particular point in time. I mentioned in my commentary citrus oils, which effects both businesses, turpentine, which is a fragrance-oriented input cost. So, generally speaking, even though we’re seeing increases in input cost in our Flavor, our natural flavors are natural, which to a large extent it’s our flavor business as well. The index on inflation in Fragrance is certainly higher than Flavors at this particular point in time. In terms of the deferred tax question, we’ve evaluated, I’d have to get back and we can follow-up on a follow-up call on that. But fundamentally, the cash tax is paid and the book tax, there’s not a significant difference now. Year-over-year there can be differences obviously, but I can follow-up and give you more details as it relates to that.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Thank you very much.
Kevin Berryman: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Aaron with RBC Capital Markets.
Asher Kanka - RBC Capital Markets: Hey, guys, this is Asher Kanka [ph] sitting in for Ed. Thanks for taking my question. My question centers around your pipeline and expectations for growth and new business wins moving in 2011, so it seems like the mix of new versus existing business will obviously play a role in gross margin just given the new business is priced for the current commodity environment, so just how should we think about that?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Hi. Nicolas. Just wanted to say that we continue to see a very strong pipeline of new business, as we’ve accelerated our innovation rate, increased collage participation and also the result of the focus on key categories and leveraging category expertise. So we see the strong pipeline right now and we’ve access to more business and therefore, we remain confident as the inflow of new wins and moving forward.
Hernan Vaisman: In a similar direction, I think in Flavors we see also a very strong pipeline. As I mentioned before, and also mentioned by Doug, these trends of health and awareness and naturals really help us to have a material increase in the pipeline and also help us to increase our success rate. Having said that, and as I mentioned before, when you have these kind of increases in commodities, the companies might start looking for different kind of approach in the product portfolio, but for the time being and following what we’ve today is very solid.
Asher Kanka - RBC Capital Markets: Great. And then if I could just sneak in a follow-up, what was the normalized tax rate on the quarter and what would you guys expect for that line item moving into 2011?
Kevin Berryman: I’d say that we are kind of in the mid-27s range is how you should probably be thinking about it for 2011.
Asher Kanka - RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Thanks. Good morning. I just was curious a little bit about the trends in Functional Fragrance, because I think it was interesting to me most that I guess in North America things had already started to slow in the third-quarter, but in Europe it was a pretty dramatic slowdown. I understand it’s by definition has to be tied towards category trends, which are definitely not encouraging in those two regions. Where do you think inventory level stand for your customers so that should we expect to still see negative growth in those two regions for Functional for another period of time? Thanks.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Hi, Lauren, it’s Nicolas. Despite challenging year-over-year comparable, Functional Fragrance was plus 1% in Q4, but for the full-year was actually plus 7%. So, we had already sealed the pipeline of introduction and new wins. We also had benefited to some extent to some additional promotional program that may be were not there again this year, so we had to deal with very strong comparables. We’re seeing some return to normalized level of evolution in the developed market, which is affecting the top-line, but as I say, when I looked at new wins ratio, it continue to be very strong.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: I guess really I just wanted to get to, I know that it’s very normal in a normalized environment where you don’t have tons of restocking to see choppiness across the quarters. So I understand the full-year trend matters an awful lot. But just very specific to Functional Fragrance in the developed markets, I know from my other coverage, the category growth is very week. So what I want to understand is do you think inventory levels for your customers are and at retail even are high enough that we should still expect to see negative trends in functional for another quarter or so until kind of demand catches up with that inventory because the category slowed in the second half of the year?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: I think it’s fair to say that the level of growth in these categories in developed countries is slower than in the rest of the portfolio in the other region. Right now, we don’t have enough visibility yet on the inventories that are still out there to understand what will be the impact for us in Q1.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Sawyer with Goldman Sachs.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Thanks, guys. Sorry to kind of beep this into the ground. On the commodity side, since it’s tough to track a lot of your inputs, could you give us some help around what’s the basket inflation is and what’s the year-on-year indexes are both for ag and petrochemicals, are we talking like tens or that magnitude?
Doug Tough: You’re right that we’ve a broad basket of goods and some are more critical than others. We probably see the pressures unfolding is in the mid-to-high single-digits overall for the basket of goods, but I wouldn’t want to say we saw some of this coming before and some of the pricing actions that we’ve already taken are going to mitigate some of that.
Andrew Sawyer - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you for that context. Really appreciate it. And then just a quick one, as I look kind of across your businesses, the one that really stood out that’s still showing acceleration even against the tougher comps is the North American Flavors business. Could you just give a little more color on that?
Hernan Vaisman: Yes, of course. As I mentioned before, we’ve a very good year in North America. We have very good and solid wins in the health and wellness arena. So on top of it better economic situation really help us to really deliver a good solid growth in North America. So basically, the new wins and higher volumes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc: Hey, guys, congrats on a great 2010. In terms of 2011, in terms of the outlook for volume, you’ve noted that you’d be in line with your long-term goals, which is I recall, on a volume front is or local currency front is plus 2% above the market growth. So to help us frame up '11, what do you think the markets will grow in 2011, and how much of the growth are you looking for supported by new products? And then when you take a look at the EPS progression, you sort of highlighted again, I guess it was 10% plus, right, in terms of EPS growth for a long-term growth goal. Given the headwinds in raws, is it sort of lower growth in that in the first half and then much stronger growth in the second half? Can you help us sort of understand the progression as the year unfolds?
Doug Tough: Sure. Mike, let me some of it and then I’ll ask Kevin to address some subsections of it. Really, from an overall market growth point of view, the world is really made up of many different parts. And the emerging markets obviously growing more rigorously than the developed market, so, these are generalizations that we are foreseeing maybe a point or so of growth, two points max in developed, we’d be seeing at least triple that in the emerging markets, and we are well-positioned in the emerging markets and investing there, so that will be a big chunk of our growth going forward, which is why we’ve held on to the 4% plus local currency growth this year. So, it’s made up of different parts and to come to that overall standpoint. We think we’ve higher comparables. The way Nicolas already mentioned in half one, but in looking at the business we think there is going to be a robust performance really throughout the year. Some of that’s been addressed by my comrades here in the context of wins, and the pipeline of innovation we’ve already got, so the confidence level in the top line is quite robust. You raised an EPS question, I’ll ask Kevin to talk about that, Mike.
Kevin Berryman: Mike, I think there’s a couple of dynamics that you need to think through. The first one is on the input cost. Certainly, although we’ve seen acceleration in certain areas, there is likelihood that some of that will come into the second half for the year versus the first half. And in addition, remember that we’ve the $17 million to $20 million of manufacturing efficiencies due to the rationalization that we’re expecting from day one. If you take into account our pricing initiatives and certainly, the fact that in our RSA investment we’re going to probably have more normalized levels of incentive compensation. We’ll still be able to realize some improvements in the first half of 2011 even though we are comparing to a very, very strong year of those numbers.
Mike Sison - KeyBanc: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Yang with Oppenheimer.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: Hi, thanks for taking my question. First of all, what do you expect global expense spending to total in 2011? It’s been volatile with some of the RSA and incentive compensation spending that you mentioned. And secondly, just on pricing, I’d like to understand that better for both Flavors and Fragrances. Previously, it was my understanding that rising raw material environment, you don’t necessarily adjust pricing on your existing products that basically you only get pricing when you introduce new products. Has that changed at all or are you now adjusting prices on existing products as raw materials rise? Thank you.
Kevin Berryman: I think, Ed, we don’t really talk specifically about the expected cost structures going forward. We do know that we’ll be considering investments to support our growth initiatives per our strategy, and we do know there will be some dampening on our cost structure in RSA, because of the very high levels of growth-driven incentive compensation that we incurred in 2010. We have a variable base compensation scheme that translates into pay for performance ultimately and that certainly was realized in 2010. Perhaps on the other comment, I’ll just have a preliminary introductory comment, and then turn it over to Hernan and Nicolas. We’ve always proactively priced to the extent that there are input cost specifically that are affecting our margin structure. And I think we are getting better and more proactive in getting sooner and ahead of the curve. But I’ll turn it over to Nicolas and Hernan to see if there is any additional comments they would like to make.
Hernan Vaisman: No, I think this is what you mentioned, Kevin, I mean we always have increases on to our customers when you have this kind of price increases. You cannot really absorb such increase. I mean definitely will have a very negative impact. So I don’t know where the comment comes from, but definitely, we always have price existing and new businesses accordingly.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: And to echo Kevin’s comments, I think that we’ve now the tools, we’ve invested in IT to provide real time visibility on the key drivers of input costs and therefore, we can go back formula by formula and really share with our key partners what will be the impact on their portfolio. So we are very, very early on able to share this visibility and also to give greater level of granularity than we ever did in the past.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: Kevin, just to clarify on the global expenses, so does that mean that you expect that to be up year-over-year, flat or down from the $61 million you spent in 2010?
Kevin Berryman: We don’t provide guidance as it relates to that, but I think you have a perspective on some of the plusses or minuses that will be going on.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Thanks. Since the tax rate declined as 2010 progressed, should we assume a lower full rate in 2011? Maybe your geographic mix is sort of shifted as the year went on and as you enter 2011?
Kevin Berryman: We had talked about that a little bit in our call, in our preliminary comments. We expect that our rate for 2011 will be in the neighborhood of, let’s call it, mid-27s is the right rate to be thinking about on an ongoing basis.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Your European Fine Fragrance business accelerated a little bit in the December quarter versus the September quarter. Is a significant amount of that reexported as perfume to the emerging markets from Europe? Is the acceleration in Europe not really Europe consumption of end finished products?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: It’s a very good question. If you look at the dynamic in Europe for Fine Fragrances, most of the European players manufacture in Europe for the rest of the world. We don’t have visibility on what portion of the growth is coming from emerging market or more developed markets. But it is fair to say that some of the introduction last year were successful. So we know that it was positively impacting our results in Europe, but also for export to North America. And it is fair to say that also good portion of revenue in Europe for Fine Fragrance were exported to emerging markets.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Yake with BGB Securities.
Sam Yake - BGB Securities: Yes, thanks for taking my question. I just have one question. I was wondering in the past you have mentioned that your margins in the emerging markets are comparable to the developed markets. And I’m wondering if you could address in general, do you believe that that the trend will continue in the future.
Kevin Berryman: Hi, Sam. Yes, I’d say that that’s our expectation. As we’ve discussed in the past, there are variabilities across countries or customers or what not, but in general, you should not be thinking about the emerging markets as being a fundamentally different margin profile than the developed markets.
Sam Yake - BGB Securities: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas wit JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Thanks. In your opening remarks, you said that the combination of price increases and cutting your expense or your manufacturing expenses by $17 million to $20 million would roughly offset raw material inflation. So is another way of looking at that claim that if you didn’t have the expense cuts, your raw material inflation would be $17 million to $20 million above your pricing? And what you would attempt to do is to recoup that piece in 2012? Is that reading it right?
Kevin Berryman: Look, I think the answer to your question, Jeff, is that when we are looking for pricing action, our expectation is that we’re going to price to recover our input costs increases (inaudible). Now, we continue to drive efficiencies throughout our organization in everything that we do, whether it’s manufacturing or overhead cost or whatever else. Those will ultimately provide for hopefully additional margin opportunities longer-term. We’re in the midst of certainly some volatility on the input cost, so it’s a little difficult to say what’s going to happen specifically in one quarter or what not, but the expectation is that we are pricing to recover our input cost and that’s what we are trying to accomplish.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: And what’s your CapEx for 2011?
Kevin Berryman: We’ve continued to give a direction on 4%. We are finalizing our implementation relative to our strategy. We’ll provide some additional insights relative to our Investor Day coming up here in March.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Doug Tough: Thank you very much for your participation today.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Doug Tough - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer  Nicolas Mirzayantz - Group President of Fragrances  Hernan Vaisman - Group President of Flavors
 : 
Analysts :  Mike Sison - KeyBanc Mark Astrachan - Stifel Nicolaus Mimi Noel - Sidoti & Company Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan
 : Richard O'Reilly - Standard & Poor's John Roberts - Buckingham Research 
 :
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances’ second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. All participants will be on a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. Participants will be announced by their name and company. In order to give all participants an opportunity to ask their question, we request and limit of one question per person. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Investor Relations Manager. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. With me on the call today is our Chairman and CEO, Doug Tough; our Group President of Fragrances, Nicolas Mirzayantz; our Group President of Flavors, Hernan Vaisman; and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Kevin Berryman. Please note that this call will be recorded and will be available for playback on our website. Please keep in mind that during this call, we may make some forward-looking statements about the company’s performance, particularly with respect to the second half of 2010. These statements are based on how we see things today and may contain some elements of uncertainty.  For additional information concerning factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, I ask you to refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in today’s earnings release and on IFF’s website.  Some of today's prepared remarks will exclude those items that affect comparability. These items are laid out in our non-GAAP reconciliation, which is also available under the Investor Relations section of our website. With that, I’d like to choose, Doug.
Doug Tough: Thank you, Michael. Good morning and good afternoon to everyone. Before moving on to discuss our Q2 results, I would like to update you on one of the priorities we discussed on our Q1 conference call. Since joining IFF full time back in early March, we’ve begun to pressure test our current strategies and our business model to ensure we are operating to the best of our ability. As a part of this review, we have engaged a strategic consultant to aid us with the process. While we are still in the initial phases, gathering data and understanding the complex dynamics, we believe we are working towards an optimum path that will lead to greater shareholder value. We are thoroughly examining our regions, our categories and our customers relative to the drivers of our current and future levels of profitability.  Specifically, we are looking to optimize our resources to ensure we are putting emphasis where we will get the best overall return. We are evaluating the relative levels of human and capital resources that are required to deliver our current results. Perhaps, but not surprisingly, we have discovered very different performance results whereas some categories, some customers and regions are creating much better returns than others. Please note, however that much work still needs to be done. My expectation is this project will continue throughout the balance of this year. We will do our best to keep you informed of our progress and how these results will lead to even greater financial performance that in turn will drive further shareholder value. I can assure you this is the highest internal initiative at IFF and I am pleased with the efforts and the progress made thus far by the entire organization.  Returning to our second quarter results, I would like to note some key non-financial accomplishments that I believe will position us well in the future. First, in Flavors, I’m happy to report that we have been selected as a global core supplier for a multinational flavor customer making us one of only three suppliers on that coveted list.  This is great news for IFF and speaks volumes about its customers trust and our ability to deliver quality; innovative products that help them differentiate their brands in the marketplace. Adding to our portfolio of health and wellness solutions is our newly signed licensing agreement with Redpoint Bio, developers of an all-natural sweetness enhancer derived from stevia that will be exclusively ours for five years. The addition of this product will enable us to offer our customers more natural solutions to reduce sugar products.  We also like to mention that the Fragrance team once again showed that IFF is a stock leader in looking to the future of Fragrance as they demonstrated in their well-received Headspace symposium presented earlier this year in concert with Museum of Modern Art and the Parsons School of Design.  For those of you who do not know the Headspace symposium gathers leading thinkers, designers, scientists, artists and established perfumers to challenge the conception, impact and potential applications of scent by exploring new territory for design. Opportunities such as these are great ways to think outside the box leading to the key innovations so necessary to our business.  While the rest of the IFF senior team will take you through the full details of our Q2 performance, I’ll provide a few high-level comments. It is clear that the strong momentum we experienced in the beginning of the year continued into the second quarter.  While we have benefited from restocking and favorable comparisons against the soft-based period, the team was successful in winning key new business that helped drive this record top-line performance. This growth in the top line alongside our continued focus on cost and productivity supported a strong improvement in the operating profit margin. The end result was very positive. Adjusted EPF increased 31% year-over-year. Finally before passing on to Nicolas, who will provide further context surrounding fragrances Q2 results, I would like to acknowledge our global supply chain and manufacturing team. With so much activity in both Flavors and Fragrances, you might deduce that the strong volume would cause a strain on our supply chain and you would be correct. We experienced unanticipated demand, which was taxing our manufacturing plants and material sourcing.  Despite that substantial increase in demand, I’m happy to report we kept up our service levels to our customers. The supply chain and manufacturing team have risen to the challenge and upheld our excellent customer service levels.  Once Nicolas, Hernan and Kevin conclude their prepared remarks, I will come back to provide some perspectives on the future and our outlook for the balance of this year. With that, I would like to introduce our Group President of Fragrances, Nicolas Mirzayantz. 
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Doug, and good morning and good afternoon everyone. I’m happy to report that local currency sales in the second quarter increased 23%, one of our highest achievements in company history. As all categories, all regions and all customer segments on a concreted basis, we reported double digit growth.  Our very strong performance was driven by the team’s ability to execute against the key strategic initiatives developed two years ago, as well as their ability to win important new business.  In the Fine Fragrance and Beauty Care category, local currency sales grew 37%. Robust trends in Fine Fragrance continued growing at a strong double-digit rate as their ability to secure many of the key 2010 launches drove results.  While new business gains did help support a very strong Fine Fragrance results, it is important to note that a portion of this improvement can be attributed to weak prior-year comparables as well as some elements of restocking. Despite these benefits, I am confident that we should continue to perform well as strong new business wins should provide a solid foundation for future growth.  In Beauty Care, Hair Care and Toiletries continued to perform very well, both increasing at a strong double-digit rate. We continued to win important new business that has strengthened our leadership position across all our global and regional customers and I believe many solid opportunities still exist. Our Functional Fragrance business continued to grow double digits increasing 12% despite a more challenging year-over-year comparable. Fabric Care performance remains strong as key new wins in Europe, Greater Asia and Latin America aided results. In Home Care, we have a seen a return to growth following a challenging 2009 as we continue to benefit from the addition of an important [core lease] two years ago. In Personal Wash, solid growth was achieved despite a strong 2009 comparable. Our excellent performance in Functional Fragrance continues to reflect our strategic investment in innovation, in particular with our microencapsulation technology. In the second quarter, this technology represented large component of our growth and was one of the driving force of all those market growth levels. Finally, Fragrance Ingredient’s local currency sales increased 24%, driven by a favorable comparison versus a year-ago period as well as improvements in underlying demand. Looking at the geographic breakdown of our sales, I am very pleased with our performance across all regions.  In the developed markets of Europe and North America, we experienced very strong double-digit growth of 29% and 19% respectively driven by new wins and volume growth. Complementing the success, the strong trends seen in the emerging market of the previous four quarters have continued.  Brazil, Russia, India and China all continue to show double-digit growth driven by new win performance and increased demand from both global and regional customers. As a result, we enjoyed a growth of 19% in Asia and 18% in Latin America. Operating profit increased by $28 million to $65 million, including approximately $2 million related to ongoing restructuring efforts in Europe as compared to $5 million related to restructuring charges in the prior-year period. Excluding these items, adjusted operating profit grew nearly 60% or $25 million to $67 million as higher volumes, improving input cost and benefits from previous cost reduction initiatives drove results.  Adjusted operating profit margin for the quarter increased 430 basis points to 18.6%, a level we have not seen in nearly five years. As we enter the second half, we have started the quarter with good momentum. It is important to know, however that we expect the benefits of restructuring to slow.  In addition, as we face stronger prior-year comparisons, we do expect local currency sales in the second half to be lower than the first half as a strong performance in both Q1 and Q2 is not sustainable. Nevertheless, we believe our strong pipeline of new business should continue to position us well as we advance in the third quarter. I would now like to turn the call over to our Group President of Flavors, Hernan Vaisman, who will provide an update on the flavor business.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Nicolas. We are pleased to say that local currency sales in the second quarter increased 7% over the comparative 2009 period marking the 20th consecutive quarter of local currency flow. Strong trends [Inaudible] continued as increased volume and new business win once again led to double-digit growth. In North America, local currency sales returned to positive growth increasing 7% as our team did an excellent job working with our customers to win new business. Specifically a double-digit performance in both confectionary and beverage were impressive and gave us confidence that we look to increase market share opportunity.  In EAME, local currency sales increased 18% over the prior-year quarter as Flavors categories reported double-digit growth. The beverage category continues to be a standout as new win and stronger volume are driving results. This month, the third consecutive quarter of double-digit growth of this category returning emerging market of Eastern Europe and the Middle East grew 25% plus while the developed market of Western Europe grew in the high teens.  States in Latin America were once again positive growing 4% as new business and volume recovery in savory, confectionary and dairy offset the loss of non-strategic business that began in the third quarter of 2009. Please note it is our final comparison that includes the loss of non-strategic business. So we expect growth to accelerate in the second half as a result of critical wins in key categories. Lastly, in Greater Asia, local currency sales were up 12% as all category reported positive results. Recent momentum of our business in most Asian countries contributed substantially to the double-digit growth in this important part of the world. This was fueled by higher volumes and new wins across all categories.  The Flavors team continues to do an excellent job capitalizing on new business opportunities to drive above market growth. While I am happy to report our highest sales growth in company history, what I am most proud of is our performance across all regions and all categories. Turning to profit, Flavors operating profit increased 18% or $10 million to $60 million in the second quarter. This increase was driven by accelerated sales growth, improved input cost and our continued margin improvement initiatives.  As a result, operating profit margin improved 100 basis points to 21.2% versus 20.2% in the prior-year period. While we are early in Q3, we have started the quarter with solid momentum. Our project pipeline remains very healthy and I believe we are in a good shape to continue our track record of local currency sales growth as we move into the second half of the year. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Berryman: Thanks Hernan. On our Q1 conference call, I highlighted four key trends that we expect to see in 2010. I would like to update you on how we are progressing in these areas. First, we communicated that we expect local currency sales to trend above our long-term growth targets, with relative strength in the second quarter driven by favorable prior-year comparison. This indeed has happened with each of the business that we are able to realize substantial improvement in Q2. Second, we highlighted that we would see an improving input cost structure. Specifically, slower input cost combined with our accelerated sales performance allowed us to improve gross margin by 270 basis points, over the prior-year period to 42.8%. Our continued focus on cost discipline helped mitigate some higher than normal RSA cost, most notably incremental incentive compensation provisions, as we delivered 90 basis points of adjusted operating margin improvement finishing the quarter at 16.5%. As a result, adjusted EPS for the second quarter increased 31% year-over-year to $0.85 per share. Looking at our local currency sales trends over the past five quarters, I’d like to note that all categories in Q2 are showing double-digit growth. However, restocking and favorable comparison in Fine Fragrance and Ingredients certainly aided results. As we enter the second half, it is important to note that the benefits of restocking appeared to be subsiding. When combined with stronger prior-year comparisons, the continued economic volatility, we expect local currency sales growth in the second half to grow on more normalized levels with relative strength in Q3 versus Q4. Turning to input cost, we continued to see period-over-period decreases in the P&L driven by a reduction of higher cost inventory. As expected, input cost represented a 7% decrease in the second quarter. Looking ahead, we believe input cost should remain favorable for the full year, although the selective pressure in the second half may reduce the rate of favorability for the full year. Specifically, fluctuations in oil prices could place pressure on some oil-related materials and freight surcharges. While we are experiencing benefits in 2010, I would like to remind you all that our overall input cost position remain above historical level. From an overhead cost standpoint, RSA has a percentage of sales increased 160 basis points to 26.3%. The $35 million increase is mainly attributable to additional incentive compensation provisions of $18 million, plus litigation-related costs, investments and spending to support the higher level of business activity, reduction of R&D credits, unfavorable foreign currency movements and lower prior-period based spending.  It should be noted that included in our RSA expense this quarter is roughly 250 basis point of expense versus what we consider more normalized levels. This increase can be attributed to additional incentive compensational provisions above normalized levels, obviously driven by a very strong performance in Q2 as well as additional litigation-related cost. As our top-line performance returns to more normalized levels, we believe our cost structure will fall. Within RSA, R&D expense, as a percentage of sales, increased 60 basis points to 8.4% driven by incremental incentive compensation provisions, a reduction in R&D credits and incremental investments in support of our strategic growth initiatives. Looking towards the second half, we will continue to maintain strict discipline in the management of our fixed cost structure. If our performance is similar to the performance experienced in the first half, we would expect, however additional cost associated with compensation provisions. Moving to currency, while the Euro devalued against the U.S. dollar during Q2, the negative impact on our P&L was largely offset by the strengthening of other currencies. In the past, we have said that for every 1.1% strengthening or weakening of the US dollar we expect a plus or minus $0.02 impact on our EPS on an annual basis. Please note that this can vary depending upon the mix of currencies and balance sheet impacts that are driven by point and time translation factors. The exact impact depends upon the consistency of the change across the major currencies in which we operate. Looking ahead, the currency rates stay where they are today including the Euro at 132. We expect to face modest pressure on the second half of 2010. As we have communicated on our Q1 conference call, the evaluated cost provision strategy that provide for decreased volatility in this area. We have begun to implement these strategies and we believe that volatility should be reduced as we begin to enter the fourth quarter. Nevertheless, at current rates, we still believe that the above-mentioned currency role should be directionally accurate in Q3 and Q4 of 2010. Turning to our EPS reconciliation that’s highlighted on the slide, we continue to see improved performance, including the abnormally high levels of incentive compensation provisions on legal-related cost previously noted, adjusted EPS still improved $0.20 or 31% versus the year-ago period.  As we move from our adjusted EPS to our reported EPS, I would like to note that the $0.02 difference is entirely related to our previously announced European rationalization. As a reminder, to date we have recorded $20 million provision of which $2 million was recorded in this quarter. We now expect our total cost for this initiative to be approximately $31 million to $34 million with targeted annual cost savings of $17 million to $20 million annually, beginning in 2011. From a cash flow perspective, we continue to make improvements in working capital efficiency. As a result, a large component of our success in the second quarter came from our ability to better manage our receivables and payables. This improved efficiency combined with the relative business strength in the quarter drove $40 million increase year-over-year in cash flow from operation.  As a result of the cash flow dynamic and the confidence in our long-term outlook, our board of directors authorized an increase in the company’s quarterly cash dividend raising it 8% from $0.25 to $0.27. This marks the fifth increase in six years that the board has raised the dividend and reports our continued commitment to return cash to shareholders. One point regarding our capital expenditures, we are, we believe on track with our goal, we are approximately spending 4% of sales for the year. With that, I would like to turn it back over to Doug for a perspective on the balance of the year.
Doug Tough: Thank you, Kevin. Looking towards the balance of the year, we believe that the operating environment in the second half is likely to be different than what we have seen in the first two quarters. In particular, we expect to face more challenging comparables as our sales performance improved during the second half of 2009, i.e., last year.  In addition, while it’s difficult to say to what extent our first half performance was aided by restocking, it is clear that this benefit will not continue indefinitely as we progress through the balance of 2010. As we begin Q3, while business momentum appears solid driven by our strong new win performance, with substandard restocking benefits that aided Q1 and Q2 would appear to be subsiding.  Finally, as economic and political volatility around the globe remains, we expect currencies to continue to fluctuate. As a large portion of our results are denominated in Euros, this will represent a head win during the second half of 2010 at current exchange rates when compared to year ago. That said, as Kevin mentioned current hedging strategy should begin to reduce the volatility later in the year. So, what does all this mean? In order for IFF to be successful, we must continue to executive our plans, anticipate challenges and win in the marketplace every day. We will focus on the areas we can control and will continue to be disciplined in the management cost as we look to mitigate some of these external pressures. The net result is that while we are cautious in our outlook, we believe the strength of the first half combined with our disciplined approach in the second will allow us to deliver results that have not been achieved over the last decade. Specifically, we should see our local currency sales finish this year well above our long-term target and EPS will grow at a strong double-digit rate. In summary, as we reflect back on the first six months of 2010, I would like to take a moment and congratulate the entire IFF team for all their accomplishments. Our performance year-to-date has been very strong driven in large part by the hard work and dedication across the organization. We would not have been able to achieve these strong financial improvements without excellent contributions from our employees. Suffice to say, our Board were complimentary to the organization on the breadth and the depth of the results. As we look forward to the next six months, we continue to remain cautiously optimistic. While we have entered the second half with solid momentum, our visibility through the balance of the year remains limited given the evolving landscape particularly in developed markets. In addition, as the restocking phenomenon must debate, we believe that the progress achieved in the first half, new wins in particular should continue to drive our disciplined growth strategy, and we are further exited about our growth prospects flowing out of our intensive strategy development project currently underway.  Our goal entering 2010 was to return to local currency sales growth and improve our overall profitability. While we are only six months into the year, we are confident we should surpass these initial goals and achieve results above our long-term targets. And with that, we will be happy to take any questions that you may have. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question is from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas with JP Morgan.
Unidentified Participant : I have a couple of questions. Sales growth in the quarter, well for the first six months has been noticeably better versus your competitors and to some extent even versus some of your customers. I guess if you look, particular European customers, if you look at Unilever or others, what do you attribute this to?
Doug Tough : Well we think there are really a number of factors there and the performance has been strong, as you have noted. We touched really upon a weak base year ago when there was destocking and hence we would see some restocking that’s happening now. We think we have also had a level of overall improved performance by our customers, though not the level that we have achieved as you mentioned, and lastly obviously a significant number of product wins and category wins in both Flavors and Fragrances.  I view those as top-line comments and invite Hernan or Nicolas to add anything.
Doug Tough : Thank you, Doug. I think that of course in the growth we see some elements of restocking after our comparison, but also I mean this performance can be attributed to solid wins that we have as I mentioned, in almost all regions and category.
Unidentified Participant : Is the restocking component about like half of the organic growth that you saw and how did prices do for the quarter?
Kevin Berryman:  This is Kevin, good morning. We talked about an overall picture as it relates to what volume and/or commercial performance looked like and you will note in the Q that there is a discussion of on a global basis; consolidated basis roughly 40% of the growth was associated with new wins, commercial performance. Of course, that then results in there being a remaining 60%. There is some element of restocking in there. We do not know what it is, but certainly there was some element of it. 
Unidentified Participant : That’s helpful, and if I can ask a last question. Also the company has done an excellent job in benefiting, I got some higher margin as volume growth has been very strong and raw material cost has been favorable, are these current margin levels sustainable as the volume growth moderates?
Kevin Berryman:  This is Kevin again. I think that clearly we realized some benefits in the quarter in terms of growth leverage against our manufacturing infrastructure, and I think certainly that has provided some benefit, specifically in this quarter. I would also remind you, however as it relates to the future in that our European rationalization and restructuring initiative, which basically will be completed, we believe will continue to believe by the end of this year that will translate into incremental margin opportunities in 2011.  So, there is some ability to continue to drive improvements which will help offset perhaps some of the loss we’ll get because of this extraordinary level of growth.
Unidentified Participant : So, if I understood correct, what you said is that you believe that margin levels are sustainable given that there are more restructuring benefits going forward?
Kevin Berryman:  Yes.
Unidentified Participant : That’s very helpful and thanks very much. I’ll get back into queue.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Hi guys, nice quarter. In terms of the new product wins at 40% of the growth of the second quarter, Kevin, that’s sort of would imply 6% to 7% type growth, any reason why that would at minimum be the run rate for the second half of the year? Are some of the new wins growing off?
Kevin Berryman: Clearly, perhaps I’ll take a stab at it and then turn it over to anyone else that would like to have some additional comments made. Clearly, we saw very good strong commercial performance in the fist half of the year and of course the benefits to the extent that it was the first quarter, our pipeline sales relative to these items that will bode well for the future, but some of those new wins will be rolling off versus year-ago comparable.  So, we don’t comment on openly what that looks like going forward, but we are certainly happy with the performance in the first half and certainly we feel good about how we started the third quarter. 
Mike Sison – KeyBanc:
 :
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Hi Mike, good morning. How are you? Regarding the market, we know that it’s right in a mixed performance across all the regions, with probably a small performance in Europe and Latin America versus North America. We are not seeing the market growing at the level where we are growing at the moment. So, as we were explaining, we were both enjoying the effect of restocking some easier comparables but also strong pipeline of new wins.  So, we feel that going forward, we are not going to be able to enjoy that as much as restocking effect, both at the customer and retailers, but we feel confident with the pipeline of new wins moving forward. And regarding your questions, we are back at the level prior to the crisis.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Okay. And then, last one for you, Doug, you’ve really only been around since March early in depth here, but when you think about the long-term goals. Any thoughts there, is it conservative, is there opportunities to do better than those longer term? Just your thoughts on those longer-term goals that were set sort of previously?
Doug Tough: Sure, and I think they are compelling goals as they sit now, Mike. I guess in the context of the current environment, we have only touched upon their long-term goals for this fiscal year, we would expect to beat those goals with the exception of the operating margin number, but sales and EPS we should beat them.  I think the real answer to your question hinges upon the deliberation that the management group will have with the board late this year, this calendar year of surrounding the strategy work that’s going on.  It is such a comprehensive review that’s being undertaken of the company and it’s businesses, regions, customers, categories and so on that we will help with recommendations, will recommendations suggest a retention as the existing financial metrics or raise them or lower them, all that is yet to be played.  I realistically don’t think anything, but equal or better are options and I’m confident we can do that. As you go through review that we have, it’s shown many, many parts the business are very successful, but as you probably expect review also identifies areas for improvement and that is what we are investigating and if those improvements can be delivered in a cost effective manner for the shareholders, then that would suggest a revision to the goals, but that is premature at this point. 
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Astrachan – Stifel Nicolaus: Hey, good morning everyone. Doug, just first off following up on that last question on the strategic review, just curious of your thought process on undertaking that meeting and did you suspect that there were some things that could be done better, some stones to overturn so to speak or suboptimal levels of operations, and certain aspects of the business that you thought potentially could have been improved upon.  I mean, just give us a little bit of background if you would on why you decided to do that as you began your time at the company.  Doug Tough
Doug Tough : Sure. Well, I think the primary goal was really to establish a fundamental foundation of an operation and in past companies have done things similarly really to get more than anecdotal information, but a grounded fact base and coming out of 2009, where lots of companies were destabilized and while IFF was not destabilized compared to others, we certainly took a few blows. 
 : So, yes, I didn’t have any suspicions that things were really adrift, the company is very strong, the management base is very strong, I was thrilled to join the company, but it is natural to assume there are opportunities and the work not surprisingly is identifying some pockets of brilliance with the company that we should maximize and some opportunities for improvement. 
Mark Astrachan – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. And then somewhat relatedly, the cash flows are definitely being generated a better rate than a year ago and you are doing a good job of paying off the debt, just curious about what your views are on the optimal capital structure including potential uses of that cash beyond just buybacks and dividends and whether you would look to make some acquisitions, and if so what sort of criteria might you be looking at?
Kevin Berryman: Good morning, Mark, this is Kevin. I’ll jump in, I think that we’ve talked historically about our dividend payoff ratio and we’re still sticking to those general levels that we’ve communicated in the past in terms of returning capital to shareholders.  I think that pending our review on the strategy project that will determine ultimately what perspectives we will have going forward as it relates to any potential change or continuation of the existing policies and the lease that we have as it relates to those returning of cash to shareholders.  I would say that clearly the past has indicated a willingness to return capital to shareholders and certainly our cash flows suggest that there is an ability to do that and I think the fact that the board approves the dividend even with the context of our strategic review going on, they knew that and had comfort as it relates to the strong capabilities of the company to generate cash and still be able to provide a dividend with that strong cash flow and potentially invest behind any growth opportunity, whether they’d be internal or external. 
Mark Astrachan – Stifel Nicolaus: And just finally on the operating margin that you alluded to it a little bit, Kevin 18% is the longer-term target out there and clearly you’re doing a good job of increasing the operating margin and doesn’t factor in any of the rationalization in Europe. So just curios how you’re thinking about those opportunities and targets longer term?
Kevin Berryman: Well, I think it will be dependent again as, Doug suggested a little bit on our strategic review that we are in the midst of working on right now. I think that we’ve said that the 18% is in itself a good target to beat, to going after and that there are potential opportunities to even go beyond that.  But, I would hesitate to suggest that we’re going to change anything at this point in time until we get to a place where we’re very clear on, the investment that we may want to be making in terms of potential future growth opportunities.  So, I think we’re making good progress, we believe that there is an ability to drive margin enhancement and support growth, and that’s what we are going to continue to try and do in the interim. 
Mark Astrachan – Stifel Nicolaus: Great, thanks everybody, and congrats on the nice quarter.
Doug Tough:  Thank you.
Kevin Berryman:  Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mimi Noel with Sidoti & Company.
Mimi Noel – Sidoti & Company: Good morning. It’s actually Mimi Noel. Forgive me, if you’ve already covered this, I’m juggling a few things this morning, but just would care for your insight on major consumer products manufacturers similarly pushing more for market share than they are for product innovation, at least in certain markets. How does that affect your business or what is your perspective on that outlook?
Doug Tough : Well, I mean our goal is to supply customers, whether it’s innovation or ongoing formula and that’s what we are doing. Certainly we will always be leading our customers to a degree with a view to the benefits we get from our consumer insight group and pointing out opportunities for product innovation for those customers.  So it’s a collaborative approach and certainly one of the things we will always be doing is considering the investment in the new product activity and innovation and we worked with our partners to look for profitable opportunity.  Right now, we have seen some cutback from that and look for just ongoing evolution in the formula.
Mimi Noel - Sidoti & Company: I would assume that the economics for more innovative products are more favorable than ongoing formula. 
Doug Tough : It can depend, I mean obviously innovation is something that we put a lot of effort into it, the product is successful in the marketplace, the long-term margin can be good, but they are not all successful.
Mimi Noel – Sidoti & Company: Okay. That’s all I have for the time being. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We have a follow-up from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Yes, just a couple of housekeeping questions. What is the amount of sales and profit, if any that you expect from the Redpoint licensing agreement? And can you clarify again what this five-year agreement is. Is it an exclusive agreement or is it exclusive just in one area or related to sweetness?
Hernan Vaisman: At this point in time, we cannot preside exactly what will be the revenue stream that we will have. This is your first question. The other one is exclusivity on certain food and beverage categories for the five years.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan: So, it’s on specific food and beverage categories?
Hernan Vaisman: Yes.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Can you comment on which one, or is it confidential?
Hernan Vaisman: I prefer not to disclose this information.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Okay. Secondly, what is the magnitude of the legal expenses in the quarter and are those related to stills like the [Butter Flavor]? And I was wondering whether it’s just like a really short update on, as to like how that is going and maybe how many pending cases there are at this point?
Kevin Berryman: We don’t really talk a lot or disclose the specifics associated with, the variety of things that are currently in the works, but I would go back again and talk to the fact that in the quarter, I commented on that there were 250 basis points roughly of incremental costs that were incorporated into our results in RSA relative to abnormally high levels of cost.  Certainly that number would be included in that figure. So, at this particular point in time, we are not going to disclose or talk further than that, but we believe that we’ve made provisions that are appropriate relative to any particular facts that we have at this point in time.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Okay. And the last one again is of like a housekeeping item. Can you just clarify what the nature of the accounting restatements are, and that is I think early there was some restatements made to more some R&D tax credits from the tax line back into R&D and now that I get more restatements, like what’s the nature of these?
Doug Tough : Effectively, there was a determination last year that it was appropriate to take some of these credits up into operating expenses. It’s a pretty sizeable number in the back half of 2009 and we commented that if we had treated those credits, similarly through the balance of 2009, it would have had a must impactful change in terms of the first half of 2009. So, we are now comparing versus those kinds of restated figures.  It’s not a material number in the second quarter. I’d have to go back and see exactly what it is, but it is not a material number in the second quarter of 2010, but it is effectively, will potentially be a larger number in the second half because we had some big credits in the second half of 2009 which will not be duplicated to the same extent in the second half of 2010. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan: And our amortization expenses now rolled into SG&A expenses?
Michael DeVeau: It’s okay, that’s Michael. We did actually just collapse it in there just for presentation purposes, but consistent with previous years. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Okay. That’s all I have. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Erik Sjogren with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Sjogren - Morgan Stanley: This is Erik here from Morgan Stanley. A couple of questions; the first is I mean many of your customers within staples are talking about difficulties in raising prices, even though raw material costs are coming up. Is this something that you’ve been seeing in your discussions with them or are they leaning on you perhaps for price release as their own cost start to come up?  Secondly, just a general comment on the brief pipeline, how it’s been developing and obviously you’ve had a very good win rate, but in general are the briefs still coming through at the same rates and the kind of scale of the brief, is it similar? Then finally, when you review the Flavors division, you mentioned beverages as a standout area. Could you give us a bit more color on what has been driving that? Is there some specific part within beverages? And also, I mean we’ve had a very warm summer here in Europe, is there a seasonal impact here in the second quarter? Thanks.
Nicolas Mirzayantz : Hi Erik, Nicolas. I will answer the second question regarding the pipeline of new projects and I think Hernan can include a sample. We are still seeing still a solid foundation and strong pipeline of new products coming in. So we are not seeing any slowdown in that respect, if not actually an increase. 
Hernan Vaisman: Hi Erik, how you’re doing? Following the first question, it’s the same as in Fragrances, we really see very strong pipeline. We haven’t seen any kind of reductions and regarding your question in beverage; I mean we have seen new wins.  Of course, you have some, I mean restocking element, but we have very good wins, strong, wins in Europe and other regions, basically because we have improved our brand portfolio and giving the right value proposition to the customers.
Kevin Berryman: And on the pricing comment, and then I’ll invite Nicolas and Hernan. I mean, there is always an ongoing degree of tension with that “in negotiations,” the customer is looking for the best possible price and we have to deliver that. I would come back to innovation comment that in the context of a continued look for innovation and if we can bring superior innovation in the health and wellness series, in particular there are opportunities for pricing improvements. But, the flip side is also the ongoing negotiations that we have with our suppliers and looking for efficiencies and gains as well. So, we are a part of that value chain and look for as many efficiencies as we can get even as customers ask us for some. 
Erik Sjogren - Morgan Stanley:  Great, thank you very much for that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Richard O'Reilly with Standard & Poor's. 
Richard O'Reilly - Standard & Poor's: Good morning, gentlemen, thank you. I want to get back to the new business contribution, the 40%. I think this is a number that you just started to disclose at least that I can see. How does the rate of 40%; how does that compare with the more traditional historical level, because it just strikes me as a very large percentage?
Kevin Berryman: Richard, this is Kevin. We have reported this number in the past and as both Hernan and Nicolas have suggested, it’s a strong level of performance.
Richard O'Reilly - Standard & Poor's: Okay, fine. And this is a simpler question; I am not a consumer products analyst. I am just wondering what categories are growing, what can I see in the supermarket or in a retail store that would give me an idea where the business is coming from? I know you don’t talk about customers per se, but I was just wondering what categories you could point to?
Kevin Berryman: I think Richard, if you were to take a look at the recently reported numbers of our customers, you would see in general that there has been some up-tick in volume versus kind of prior-year period as they have attempted to, let’s say alter their mix of growth. It was very largely price driven two or three years ago and they are focused now on trying to drive a little bit more value and volume into their portfolio.  So, I would say in general there is an up-tick in volume from our customers across the board. I don’t know that we would comment specifically on specific categories, but I think that that’s a general rule that you can look at and get a perspective on how that’s impacting certainly.
Richard O'Reilly - Standard & Poor's: Okay, thank you then.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Good morning, guys. Can you hear me okay? 
Kevin Berryman : Just, fine.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: It may be just my perception, but it seems like governments are stepping up their attack on calories and salt, and you got initiatives to try put taxes on high-caloric beverages or maybe labeling requirements coming down around salt.  Do you think the amount of briefs in the food and beverage area are going to accelerate as your customers try to formulate to position their portfolios around some of these, it seems like it’s an acceleration or step change and we’ve got this going on for a long time, but you see it in papers more these days.
Hernan Vaisman: Yes, this is Hernan, I mean definitely we see an upside in this trend and Doug mentioned about this agreement, we have is mainly aiming to provide ourselves with a better portfolio to capture this market that is really growing and it will growing faster.  I could say that the big bulk of our efforts in R&D and creations are exactly, I mean, addressing these issues and how to replace sugar, how to reduce salt in all our customer products.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Because, I think if you strip out the restocking effect, food and beverage area has outperformed the fragrance area for a little long now and I’m wondering whether that’s sustainable, that we ought to think about food and beverage, which I think maybe historically been due to this may be more starchy and so forth. There is possibly a more dynamic area in the next couple of years.
Doug Tough : I think they are both, frankly still remains very attractive. I think your point on flavors over the recent period of outstripping fragrance is bona fide and some of that is obviously the difficulties of year ago in the more discretionary fragrance category, fine in particular.  But as we look at the world, and look at the world where our customers are going both innovation and opportunities in mature and developed markets, but particularly the emerging markets and more and more of the world wanting to get into the products provided by the customers that we serve and hence we are part of that value chain, and we still see both businesses as very attractive.  That’s being further cemented as we go through our strategic review on the future outlook, but fundamentally both products provided in fragrances, fine and functionality foods and flavors look to be very attractive markets for us.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Doug, you are like the parent that’s asked which child they like better.
Doug Tough : With four children, I have to be very good with that.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research:  Okay, thanks.
Operator: You have a follow-up from the line of Mimi Noel with Sidoti & Company
Mimi Noel - Sidoti & Company: Thank you. Just one more quick question, Kevin and Doug. If you wouldn’t mind expanding a little bit on your thoughts on your supply chain right now, clearly your staff rose to the occasion, but what sort of constraints do you see beyond just IFF’s internals? 
Doug Tough : Help me understand the last part of that question a little bit more please.
Mimi Noel - Sidoti & Company: Sure, sure. What sort of constraints do you see beyond, in looking at your supply chain, what are some external pressures that you’ve had to offset?
Kevin Berryman: I think one thing that certainly has been a challenge in the first half is access to materials. When you are growing at the kind of levels that we’ve had, the supply chain organization did a really great job in ensuring that we had access to materials, and I think that that’s a tribute to the flexibility and dynamic nature of this company to be able to react very quickly to ensure that we were able to continue to provide the service levels to our customers. So, I think that that’s been one element. I think longer term we have to make sure that we have the capacities and the ability to satisfy what we consider to be some growth opportunities, and certainly those growth opportunities in the emerging markets.
Mimi Noel - Sidoti & Company: Are you seeing any areas of cost inflation in your supply chain? I mean, I know you mentioned oil by way of examples, but do you have anything more concrete?
Kevin Berryman: No, we’ll not talk any more details on that. As you know, Mimi we have a very, very dispersed set of materials that we use in the manufacturing of our portfolio products to the customers. So, there is always pluses and minuses within that, but because it is so disperse, it really is, I wouldn’t’ be able to tell you specifically we are focused on this and that, gives you an indication.  I would say that in general as suggested, we continue to believe that we will see some reductions over the balance of the year, not at the rate that we’ve seen in the first half perhaps but we’ll end up still down for the year in 2010.
Mimi Noel - Sidoti & Company: Sure, and I do have one or two more residual questions. When you look at that18% operating margin target, is the timeframe given the progress that you’ve made henceforth, is that timeframe condensed at all given the first half progress or what is the legacy time horizon for that 18% target?
Kevin Berryman: I would say, Mimi that a lot of that is dependent upon the work that we are doing right now as it relates to our strategies. I do believe that we have the ability to enhance our margins longer term and the timing associated with that will be determined to some extent by any investments that we want to consider. So, clearly as Doug suggested, that business is usual as right now and will continue to drive some margin enhancements and then more to come as it relates to any new insights that will begin relative to our strategic review.
Mimi Noel - Sidoti & Company: And the result of this strategic review would be available to investors at year-end or early 2011? When do you think we might have the insight on that? 
Doug Tough : Well, I think the perspectives that we would be prepared to share will be available towards the end of the year, but I would just reiterate that we’ll be prepared to share. It’s a very significant undertaking with the board which well we are part way into the process, there are a number of what if scenarios that could emerge to build on something that Kevin just said about the margin enhancements, that will be after good discussions with the Board about the propensity to invest significantly in future growth., While we may know that internally, we wouldn’t feel, nor would we want to telegraph that externally. So, I expect there will be parts that we will be able to share with you of things, hopefully the clever things that we’ve uncovered and can do, but I think I’m foreshadowing that it won’t be full disclosure.
Mimi Noel - Sidoti & Company:  Sure, okay. And can you say right now you are comfortable with the assumption of sales growth in the second half of the year, organic, excuse me local currency sales growth in the second half, that’s an achievable objective?
Doug Tough : Well, the forecast that we have internally, I think that is a fair assumption. Its looking towards the extreme tail end of the year, it gets a little murkier. We said the quarter has started well and to the degree that’s part of the foundation for our forecast, we fell good about what we do.
Mimi Noel - Sidoti & Company: Okay, I followed. Thank you very much for the extra information.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Doug Tough : Well, thank you all very much for participating today.
Operator: Thank you all for joining today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau – Manager, IR Doug Tough – Chairman and CEO Hernan Vaisman – Group President, Flavors Nicolas Mirzayantz – Group President, Fragrances Kevin Berryman – EVP and CFO
Analysts: Mike Sison – KeyBanc Mark Astrachan – Stifel Nicolaus Edward Yang – Oppenheimer Lauren Lieberman – Barclays Capital John Roberts – Buckingham Research
Operator: At this time, I'd like to welcome you to the International Flavors & Fragrances first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. All participants will be on a listen-only mode until the formal question and answer portion of the call. Participants will be announced by their name and company and in order to give all participants an opportunity to ask a question, we request a limit of one question per person. I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Investor Relations Manager. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. With me on the call is our Chairman and CEO, Doug Tough, our Group President, Flavors, Hernan Vaisman, our Group President of Fragrances, Nicolas Mirzayantz and our Executive Vice President and CFO, Kevin Berryman. This call is being recorded and will be available for playback on our website. Please keep in mind that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today and may contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning risk factors that can cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, I ask you to refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in today's earnings release and IFF's filing with the FCC. Some of today's prepared remarks will exclude those items that affect comparability. These items are laid out in our non-GAAP reconciliation, which is also available under the Investor Relations section of our website. With that, I'll like to turn the call to Doug.
Doug Tough: Thank you, Michael. Good morning, good afternoon to everyone. Before moving on to discuss our very strong Q1 results, I'd like to make a few introductory comments. As you know, effective March 1st of this year, I officially joined IFF full time as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. While it's still premature for me to make comments regarding any actions we might take on any possible changes to the strategic focus for IFF, I'd like to elaborate on some key items on which I will be focused. Priority number one is to pressure test our current strategies and our business model to ensure we are operating to the best of our ability. While it is early in our review, I will say that my initial expectations of the organization I had prior to joining are no different after my first 60 days. I continue to believe that the IFF team has tremendous people and capabilities that provide our customers with winning products which translate into profitable growth for IFF. Second, as I begin my new journey, it'll be imperative to ensure we continue to accelerate our short-term performance. The executive team as well as all IFF employees have done a very nice job delivering strong results in the back half of 2009 and in the first quarter of 2010. Capitalizing on this success, I expect we will continue to deliver on current commitments while reviewing options regarding our long-term strategies. Finally, at the very heart of our organization, our most important asset are people as a critical priority. I believe that this organization has incredible talent as my objective to nurture and align that talent in such a way that I can ensure our future leaders of tomorrow are being developed from within the organization today. I have taken a considerable amount of time to meet with many IFF employees and functions throughout various parts of the world to learn the issues and to provide a sense of my priorities and expectations. I will continue this process over the upcoming few months until I have reached all of our major constituents. While I am focused on the long-term objectives, our organization remains committed to furthering our partnerships with key stakeholders. Starting with our customers, we continue to be an innovator of technological advancements versus a mere component of the supply chain. Utilizing our capabilities and consumer insight in R&D and in creative insight, we partner with our key customers to create unique scent and taste experiences that our consumers love. This in turn helps bolster our customer's market share and helps grow the equity of their brands. If we continue to do this while providing overall superior customer satisfaction, we believe it will lead to increased customer loyalty that in turn drive our future business. In order to continue to create shareholder value, we must ensure we are capable of driving consistent and sustainable long-term growth. Our recent results are an example of our financial potential. Our priorities going forward must focus on growing our top line, accelerating our productivity and investing in future growth in order to ensure that we are maximizing shareholder returns. We also understand that our responsibility extends to being strong partners in the communities where we work and live and vigilance around our commitment to sustainability, through IFF charitable giving, we are proud to be able to provide financial support and countless hours of employee volunteerism to many community-based organizations. And last, but not least, we will continue to support our valued employees. As our people represent a large component of our success as well as a competitive advantage, the people of IFF are a critical focus for me. As such, some additional comments are appropriate. Our business comes to light through the 5,400 or so employees who create our unique scent and taste experiences. Without their passion, their dedication and creativity, we would not be who we are today. Our executive leadership team is seasoned and talented. As I stated earlier, these individuals have done a terrific job during the period of recent transition. I am very confident that they will achieve even greater success as we work collectively to elevate IFF's performance to new heights in the new decade. We think our global teams including our creative and our R&D employees are the best in the industry. Their leadership from South Brunswick to Sao Paulo from Moscow to Manoa gives us local marketplace knowledge, great continuity and the ability to connect with communities and customers where we do business. We will dedicate resources to ensure they continue to excel in their area of expertise. And I'm committed to giving them opportunities that will help them succeed in their careers. These offices interface with our customers to deliver superior solutions. I have seen firsthand results of this labor by attending numerous meetings with many of our customers, both global and regional. These customers fully respect IFF's creativity, ability to understand their needs and IFF's pension for providing winning solutions. Now before turning over to the rest of the team, I'd like to make a few comments on our Q1 performance. The improved trends in the second half of 2009 continued through the first quarter of this year. Our strong new business performance combined with some elements of customer restocking and favorable comparisons resulted in accelerated levels of growth. Our worldwide local currency sales grew 13% year-over-year as the commercial environment continued to show improvement versus the full year of 2009. This growth in our top line, when combined with continued discipline in cost management, supported a substantial improvement in margin as operating profit margin improved 220 basis points year-on-year. The end result was extremely positive, as adjusted earnings per share increased 42% year-on-year. With that, I'm now pleased to introduce our Global President of Flavors, Hernan Vaisman who will provide further context surrounding our strong Q1 results in Flavors.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to say that local currency sales in the first quarter increased 8% over the comparable 2009 period, marking the 19th consecutive quarter of local currency growth. Our strong performance was led by double-digit growth in Europe, Africa, Middle East and Greater Asia regions, as increased volumes and new business dropped results. In North America, local currency sales declined 1% due to the overall drop in volume which was not upset by new successes. While we hope for better results, we are prepared to put this one quarter performance with the overall context of the strong growth we have seen in North America over the last years and especially versus our most difficult comparison of 2009 of flat 6% growth. We continue to feel good about our long-term share growth opportunities in these regions as we work with our customers and new business opportunities. In EAME, local currency sales increased 12% year-over-year, as both categories were positive. In particular, the Flavors category continues to perform very well as new wins and stronger volumes are giving results. This marks the second consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in these categories. Regionally, it was high single-digit growth in developed countries while developing European markets grew at double-digit growth. Africa, our Middle East market posted high double-digit growth into new wins and higher volumes across all categories. Sales in Latin America have reversed recent trends, growing 6% as new business and volume recovering Savory, Confectionary and Dairy offset the loss of non-strategic business that began in third quarter of 2009. We finished extremely positive above these results and we expect an accelerating growth base in the second semester due to critical wins in key categories. Lastly, in Greater Asia, local currency sales were up 14%, as every category recorded impressive double-digit growth. The great momentum of our business in India, China and most Asian countries contributed substantially to the double-digit growth in this important part of the world. This was fueled by higher volumes and new wins across all categories and strategic customers. While our track record of local currency sales growth is impressive, the level reported in the first quarter of 2010 marks one of the highest achievements. The Flavors teams continued to do an excellent job capitalizing on new business opportunities to drive above-market growth. Further, our outstanding consumer understanding, unique product portfolio and differentiating test solutions help us to fully support our customers from positioning, making the effect the unique department in the creation of winning consumer products. Turning to profit, Flavors operating profit in the quarter was very strong, increasing 17%, or $9 million to $62 million. This increase can be attributed to accelerated sales growth, improving input cost dynamic and our continuous success in improving our efficiencies. As a result, operating profit margin continued to improve, increasing 60 basis points to 20.5% versus 19.9% in the prior year period. While we are very early in Q1 – in Q2, sorry, we have started the quarter with good momentum. While it remains difficult to predict some element of our performance due to the volatility in our customer ordering patterns. We do expect to see solid local currencies – solid local currencies sales growth, that when combined with our continued focus on improving efficiency to result in continued margin improvement. Now I would like to turn the call over to Global President of Fragrances Mirzayantz, who will provide an update on the Fragrance business.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Hernan, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone. In Q1, local currency sales grew 18% year-over-year marking the third consecutive quarter of growth. Overall growth can be attributed to the (inaudible) strong base of new wins, some elements of customer and retailer restocking, improvement in underlying demand and favorable comparisons versus a year-ago period. In terms of performance, we grew double-digit in all regions, as well as every category. In the Fine Fragrance and Beauty Care category, local currency sales grew 28%. Fine Fragrance has reversed its recent trends, growing very strong double-digits. The success can be accredited to the team's constant commitment to win new business and grow market share position. In 2009, our Fine Fragrance team was successful in maintaining our market share and showed the ability to win new business by securing many of the key launches of 2010. This combination has proven to be beneficial in Q1. When new business gains has helped support the strong Fine Fragrance results, I believe it is important to note that a portion of this improvement can be attributed to favorable comparisons as well as elements of customer and retailer restocking. While the elements of restocking are difficult to predict, I am confident that our team will continue to perform well, driven by our strong new business performance. Turning to Beauty Care, the momentum we experienced in the second half of 2009 continued in 2010. For the fifth consecutive quarter, we have seen accelerated growth in the Beauty Care category as both Hair Care and Toiletries increased double digits. The strong performance can be attributed to successful introductions within key regions. Functional Fragrance once again performed very well growing 10%, as Fabric Care performance remains strong. Our success continues to be accredited to a long standing expertise and continued investment in consumer insight within the key emerging market as well as Europe. This investment in category expertise are the primary drivers behind our consistent above-market growth. In addition, Home Care and Personal Wash also exhibited solid growth. Finally, Fragrance Ingredient sales also improved. Local currency sales increased 21%, reflecting an underlying improvement in demand, some elements of customer's restocking and a favorable comparison versus a year-ago period. Continuing on the trends since last year, the emerging markets of Brazil, Russia, India and China drove strong results. In this market, Hair Care, Fabric Care and Personal Wash continue to drive strong double-digit results. While this trend is impressive, I'd like to note that the developed markets of Europe and North America have also grown strong double-digits. I'm very proud of all Fragrance employees around the world as they accomplished great success in the first quarter. From a profitability standpoint, adjusted operating profit grew an impressive 66% or $24 million to $61 million, excluding a $5 million expense related to a previously announced European facilities rationalization. As a result, adjusted operating profit margin for the quarter increased 470 basis points to 17.2% as higher volumes, moderating input cost and benefits from previous cost reductions initiatives drove the impressive performance. As we look toward Q2 and beyond, we do note that our underlying business trends remain strong. While these trends have helped support our strong business results, it is important to note that a portion of this improvement can be attributed to customer and retailer restocking. While it's difficult to predict the effort of restocking for the balance of the year, we do not expect that these benefits will continue as our customers reach their targeted inventory levels going forward. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Berryman: Thanks, Nicolas, and good morning and afternoon to everyone. On our Q4 conference call, we highlighted four key trends that we would expect to see in 2010. While we are only a quarter of the way through the year, I'd like to update you on how we're progressing in these areas. First, we communicated that local currency sales trends were expected to improve for the full year. As you've already heard, each of the businesses were able to realize improvement growth in Q1. Second, we highlighted that we would see an improving input cost picture. Specifically lower input costs, when combined with our accelerated sales performance, allowed us to improve gross margin by 160 basis points year-over-year to 41.3%. When combined with a strict discipline in the management of our research, selling and administrative expenses, or what we call RSA, we managed to capitalize on fixed cost leverage to deliver 220 basis points of adjusted operating margin improvement. This improved performance resulted in a substantial increase in our adjusted EPS. In the quarter, adjusted EPS grew 42% to an all-time company high of $0.85. Our results are clearly aligned with our expectations that first half results would be relatively stronger than those that we would expect in the second half. Looking at the recent sales trends, there's a clear indication that the challenges of 2009 appear to have subsided and there are signs we're beginning to see an improved operating environment. It is also clear, however, that customer restocking and favorable comparisons in Fine Fragrance and Ingredients specifically have aided results. As seen in the chart, both Fine and Ingredients realized 20% plus growth levels in Q1, after having seen softness over most of 2009. While we have entered Q2 with good momentum, the growth levels achieved in Q1 are not projected to be sustainable, as our visibility through the balance of the year remains limited given economic volatility we have seen over the last 18 months. I'd like to provide a bit more clarity on our input costs, as we have seen a year-over-year decrease in the levels of higher cost inventory. In the first quarter, our input costs decreases represented a 3% decrease in our overall cost to goods sold. As communicated earlier in the year, we expected to see this reduction in input costs in the first half of 2010. Looking ahead, we expect input costs to remain favorable for the second quarter and full year. Although we are starting to see some increases in raw material categories that may reduce the favorable impact in the second half of 2010. Specifically, increases in the cost of oil will begin to place selective pressure on some oil-related costs and freight surcharges in the second half of the year. From an overhead cost standpoint, we continue to remain disciplined in the management of our fixed cost structure. RSA, as a percent of sales, declined 50 basis points to 24.6%, as our fixed costs realized improved absorption rates due to our strong sales growth. As an indicator of our continued discipline in cost management, while RSA expenses increased $21 million, the increase was almost entirely driven by foreign currency parity and additional incentive compensation expense. Excluding these currency and additional incentive compensation provisions, RSA expense increased only $3 million year-over-year. Within RSA, R&D expense, as a percentage of sales, decreased 50 basis points to 8%, compared to 8.5% last year driven by the fixed cost growth leverage noted above. In 2010, we will continue to maintain strict discipline in the management of our fixed cost structure to ensure we are operating as efficiently and effectively as possible. However, we will continue to monitor our performance throughout the balance of the year as we look to make targeted operating investments to strengthen our marketplace division. As always, potential operating investments of resources, R&D efforts and commercial opportunities will be driven by our belief in the growth opportunities that these investments will deliver. Moving to currency, for the second consecutive quarter, we have experienced positive currency tailwinds. In general terms currency was slightly accretive to operational performance, although this benefit was offset by some short-term fluctuation and balance sheet activities. Looking ahead, if rates stay where they are today, we expect a relatively minor impact to our results in the second quarter of 2010 due to currency parity. As we look further out, at current rates, we expect to face some pressures in the second half of 2010. It is important to note, however, we are in the process of analyzing different options that will help minimize this financial risk. In particular, we have a process of evaluating hedging strategies and business opportunities that could provide for decreased volatility in this area. Turning to our EPS reconciliation, I will not spend a lot of time going through the detail as I have already covered most of the topics early in my presentation. As highlighted on the slide, however, we continue to see improved operational performance. Improving EPS by $0.23, or 38% improvement, versus the year-ago period. When including a net $0.02 benefit associated with foreign exchange and interest partially offset by higher income tax and other items, adjusted earnings per share substantially improved versus the first quarter 2009, again growing 42%. As we move from our adjusted EPS to our reported EPS, I would like to note that the $0.05 difference is entirely related to our previously announced European rationalization. As a reminder, we announced during the third quarter 2009, that we had initiated a collective consultation process with employee representatives, regarding the potential closure of our fragrances compounding facility in Drogheda, Ireland, as well as a potential partial closure of fragrance ingredients chemical plant in Haverhill, United Kingdom. In the beginning of 2000 – excuse me, in the beginning of Q4, we announced that we concluded the consultation process and determined that we would proceed with the facility rationalization plan. As a result, we have reported a $19 million provision, $10.5 million in Q3, $3.5 million in Q4 and $5 million in Q1 related to this restructuring activity. We now expect our cost for this initiative to be approximately $27 million to $29 million, with targeted annual cost savings of $17 million to $20 million annually beginning in 2011. From a cash flow perspective, we continue to make improvements in all elements of working capital efficiency. The largest component of our success in the first quarter came from our ability to increase inventory leverage and improve our discipline around payables. As a result of this improvement, as well as the relative business strength in the quarter, operating cash flow from operations increased $46 million from the year-ago period to $32 million in Q1. This improvement was primarily driven by the reduction of working capital, as noted above. As communicated in our previous conference calls, we continue to expect our future capital expenditures to grow to levels, near 4% of sales. These investments will focus on supporting strategic growth with a specific concentration in the emerging markets. And driving efficiencies by strategically improving our manufacturing and supply chain footprint. While our spending has started relatively slow, it is expected to ramp up to higher levels over the balance of the year, primarily in the second half. Looking ahead to the full year, we expect local currency sales to trend above our long-term growth targets. We do expect relative strength in the second quarter, as we continue to have favorable year-over-year comparisons. As mentioned earlier by Hernan and Nicolas, while it is difficult to predict the impact of customer restocking beyond Q1, we do believe that these benefits will subside over the balance of the year as customers and retailers work towards their targeted inventory levels. Regarding our margin structure, while we do expect input post – input costs to be favorable for the full year, we are starting to see some increases in raw material categories that will reduce this benefit in the second half of 2010. We could also see some currency pressures in the second half of 2010 which also may adversely impact our results. So what does that mean for 2010? Even though economic conditions remain fluid, we continue to be optimistic. The second quarter has started strong and is expected to have relative strength versus the second half, when stronger comparables and potential currency parity may dampen our year-over-year performance. In wrapping up, we're very pleased with a strong start to 2010. Both our Flavors and Fragrances teams have done an excellent job capitalizing on new business opportunities to grow both sales and profits to record levels. While as we entered the second quarter with some good momentum, our visibility through the balance of the year remains limited, given the evolving economic landscape, particularly in North America and Europe. We remain cautiously optimistic in our full-year outlook and we are aware that the extremely strong Q1 sales momentum is not sustainable. As a result, we will continue to proactively monitor our performance to evaluate potential operating investments that could strengthen our long-term growth opportunities. Our efforts will be guided by our objectives to continue to build a stronger IFF for tomorrow while simultaneously driving consistent growth and profit performance today. With that, we would be happy to take any questions that you might have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll pause for a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from Mike Sison from KeyBanc.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Hi, guys. Great start to the year.
Doug Tough: Thank you.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: In terms of – I'm trying to get an understanding of what you guys think based, demand is. And then – and then, when you think about the second quarter, it sounded like your customers are continuing to restock, they're not at the levels they want to be at?
Doug Tough: Well, I'll take a stab at that and then I would invite Hernan and Nicolas to weigh in, Mike. I don't think there is any clarity as to the level of restocking that really has occurred in the context of inventory changes. I make that comment both because we broadly discussed that internally, obviously. But also taking the opportunity to read many of our competitors and our customers their fellow first quarter results and they're all uncertain about the level of restocking. I think the important point though is – really two, number one is the restocking elements in some parts of the world don't ever seem to have ever occurred. There wasn't destocking, per se in some parts of Asia and Latin America. Those economies continue to be robust. So the buoyancy that Hernan and Nicolas talked about, we've seen that buoyancy off of a sustaining inventory platform which is obviously very encouraging. I think it may be a different story in parts of Europe, particularly Western Europe, as well as in North America, where there was some destocking, but the finger on the pulse of how much restocking is going to occur. It's just not to be defined. I think it is important though that they all talk about the buoyancy we're seeing in H2 or in Q2, so far, and it's early. Nevertheless, it gives us confidence if there's real momentum as well as some elements of restocking. I'd invite Hernan and Nicolas to add to that.
Hernan Vaisman: We see (inaudible) I mean, we see, as I mentioned before, we are gaining momentum in the developing markets. I think that all economies are performing well as well as our businesses and in terms of the developing markets, I mean, we don't know exactly going to happen and what it's going to be restocking or not. Their source will be depending in our ability to win business. So far we see dimension to be still very strong, even in those markets.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Good morning, Mike, it's Nicolas. I would echo Doug's comments. I think that the restocking dynamic has been obviously much more pronounced in Fine Fragrance and Ingredients. We're still seeing a bit of that trend in Q2, but we have no more visibility as our customers as far as, in fact, for the second half of the year. But it's really mostly related to these two categories.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Okay. And just as a quick follow-up, if given new product momentum and on a seasonal basis, if you go back for some time historically, Q2 tends to be stronger in sales than 1Q. So I guess, is the strength you're seeing enough to continue that trend? Meaning should 2Q be better than 1Q on a sales basis? And if that's the case, would there be any reason why – or any sort of offsets that earnings wouldn't also follow that same trend?
Kevin Berryman: Mike, this is Kevin. Let me take a stab at that. I think, look, we're early into Q2, is the first point I would make and although there's some buoyancy to, to how we started at the end of the day, we're not prepared to really fundamentally talk to, to a number that is, is going to be approaching the, kind of, growth rates we've seen in Q1. We started, we started well. We liked the picture that we've seen so far, but we're early in the quarter and I think it's important for us to communicate that to you. I do think that depending upon how it plays out. There would be an expectation if we continue to have some good growth that we would continue to have some good profitability associated with that. So, I think that's a general comment I would make. And we'll see how the second quarter plays out and we liked how it started and we'll see how we end.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Astrachan from Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Astrachan – Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning, everyone. First question, just relating to the Flavors business in particular, the operating profits and operating margins. Curious, how much of an impact there was from the losses of non-strategic business in Latin America and then somewhat related to that, just curious what the impact was in North America in terms of the slight decline in the quarter? And then just your thoughts on a go-forward basis about what you're seeing in the environment in North America.
Kevin Berryman: Hey, Mark, this is Kevin. Let me – a few preliminary comments. I'll hand it over to Hernan for some additional follow-up. In our third quarter call last year, we talked about the decision on the strategic side for the Flavors business in Latin America and we had talked about actually how our expectations at that point in time is. Even though, we were doing that, we thought we would be able to offset that loss by some strong underlying performance in the rest of the portfolio. That actually didn't end up occurring in Q4. We were off by one quarter, I guess, but what I think you're seeing in Q1 is again, the actual results tying into our feeling that the underlying strength of the portfolio was pretty strong and we would be able to more than offset some of that lost strategic business. And I think that, that, we're seeing with that good solid single-digit growth number for Latin America and Flavors, I think you're seeing that. So the momentum's good there and we start to lap against the new base, really in third quarter. So you'll start to see probably some better numbers in the Flavors at that point in time, but I'll turn it over to Hernan if there is any other comments.
Hernan Vaisman: Well, I think you said it, Kevin, really, really fine. Regarding your question, the impact of this non-strategic business and profit of the Flavors. I mean, basically, I said non-strategic because it was not part of the core business. On the other hand, it was not a high margin business. So, the impact is really, wasn't seriously minimum in this sense. Regarding North America, as I mentioned before, you have to consider the context. I mean the first quarter 2009 was very strong, was 6%, was in the middle of a crisis with really outstanding results. Now going forward, I mean, we are feeling confident. As I mentioned, the pipeline is strong. In some way, we understand that the low performance in the first quarter was because some, I mean, there were some delaying launches for our customers, now are coming through. That's why our expectations into North America are very possible.
Mark Astrachan – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Great. And then just shifting broadly to your overall volumetric trends, a common theme across the entire consumer universe, whether it’s household products, food and beverage, seems to be innovation, seemingly at all-time highs are pretty near to that type of activity level. What are you all seeing in terms of how that's benefiting your business now versus how that should potentially ramp in terms of benefiting organic growth over the balance of this year and frankly into next year as they continue to really ramp the R&D spend on the consumer business level?
Doug Tough: Well, I think innovation was key. My sense is it's – even gets dialed up more recently as we come out of some of the recession and the difficulties in getting prices, particularly at the retail level by some of our customers has ramped up, therefore their quest for innovation, which might provide the opportunity for a price increase. Certainly from – I've been in a number of businesses in the consumer area and that quest for innovation has always been there or since, it seems a little bit stronger now. But while I probably feel particularly good in my early days so far here is really a function of the alignment, if you will, simpatico that exists between IFF and their various groups and our customers of both regional and the global customers that I've met. And there's quite a lot already. Their, their needs are well articulated. They're aligned with our groups. So, I think that the number of wins that our – Nicolas and Hernan have talked about today is indicative that we’re fulfilling that innovation request from our customers. And that alignment is uppermost in our minds and make sure we continue that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Yang from Oppenheimer.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer: Hi, good morning. Kevin, you mentioned that input costs should be favorable for the full year. But I would imagine by the fourth quarter, you would start to see some significant year-over-year pressure, just as your anniversary $30 oil. So, looking into 2011, how do you feel about your ability to pass rising raw materials through and maybe refresh my memory in terms of how it works. Is your pricing basically set at – when the product is developed and it is not adjusted for raws and do you renew price only on new products?
Kevin Berryman: I'll make some preliminary comments and then turn it over to the two business presidents if they want to augment it or make any additional comments. At the end of the day, as we enter into some of our relationships with our customers on, on specific, with their, their portfolio of products. We, we lock in and that business is, is certainly in place for depending upon the specific opportunities, can be two, three, four or five years thing. And we do look when we get significant volatility and input costs, we will look to partner with our customers to talk through that as it relates to issues on input costs, acceleration. And we did that in 2009 as you might recall. The other piece that's important to note is that on our financing, excuse me, Fragrance Ingredients business. That is a business that we do price more aligned with some of the input cost dynamics that are occurring in the marketplace. So, to the extent some of our, what's called more oil-based related input costs associated with the Fragrance Ingredients business. If we continue to have upward trends in, in oil-related costs, we will adjust prices in our Fragrance Ingredients portfolio consistent with what the market will bear. So it's – that's kind of the overlying dynamic. Back to the point as it relates to 2010 and fourth quarter, we continue to believe we're going to be positive as it relates to our input cost dynamics over the course of the year. It's just that we think that positive picture that we're seeing in Q1, for example, will start to probably reduce by the end of the year. But it's still expected to be positive.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman from Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman – Barclays Capital: Thanks, good morning. I was hoping we could similarly get some color on the North America Functional Fragrance business. I know we got details on the dynamics of Flavors, but also wanted to hear similar conversation around functional. Thanks.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Good morning, Lauren. It's Nicolas. In Q1 last year, we did experience very strong growth of 8% in North America. Functional Fragrances was a very strong pipeline of new introduction. I think here we're dealing with phasing of introduction and reordering patterns. So I think that it's really related to this quarter and strong comparable as in 2009. So we believe that the underlying trends of the business are still positive.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) You have a question from John Roberts from Buckingham Research.
Doug Tough: Good morning, John. John, are you there?
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Good morning, John. Yes, can you hear me? I'm sorry, I was muted.
Doug Tough: Yes. Can hear you fine.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Could you remind us about how big Fine Fragrance and Fragrance Functional Ingredients are today? I mean, it used to be much more meaningful. They dropped down a lot and I've lost track a little bit in terms of how big they are, approximately, in the portfolio.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: We talked about the Fine being around 10% of the total portfolio of IFF. And we're not really dissimilar from that number currently. I think certainly there was a soft – a softness to that business over 2009. And we've caught back up to our numbers in the first quarter of 2009 for all intents and purposes. Given the strong performance that we saw in that particular category in first quarter 2010.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: So…
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Back to pre-economic volatility levels.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: And functional Ingredients?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: The Fragrance Ingredients is roughly about 10% as well.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Okay, and secondly, I guess it's logical that we've got inventory effects in those because the Fine Fragrance is more of a durable product that the customer can have inventory issues whereas most of the other products are consumable. The functional is you're really a raw material supplier, so you've got the typical chemical industry inventory and what might occur there. Do you think in the other products that are more recurring consumables and have less inventory effects, that there's a pantry inventory? Your customers often talk about the consumer pantry inventory which may have been pulled down a little bit during the recession. They may have had less food – less processed food in the cabinet and less laundry detergents at home and in the laundry room, so forth. And that, that's expanding again as well?
Kevin Berryman: Let me clarify your question, John. You said functional ingredients and I'm interpreting that as Fragrance Ingredients.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Fragrance Ingredients, right, Fragrance Ingredients.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Okay. So then your other question, as it relates to just, let's call it destocking by the consumer. Is that…
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: That's correct. Yes. So you've got an inventory between you and your customers, which is what you're seeing expanding. What your customers have inventory issues and sales in the entire retail chain? I think it gets back to some of Doug's comments in terms of through the supply chain and what's happening. I'm not so sure we can give you a great answer as it relates to what is going from a restocking perspective. There is some element of it. We think given the very strong numbers that we have in Q1. But I'm not so sure we can pinpoint the specificity of that and I think as we look at the results of our competitors and our customers, they certainly are talking that there's some element of potential improving dynamic, but they're also being very cautious as well. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Edward Yang from Oppenheimer.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer: Thank you. On Fragrance margins, the category margins in general were very strong, up about 500 basis points year-over-year. And I was wondering how that looked by segment in terms of Ingredient, Functional and Fine Fragrance?
Kevin Berryman: We don't talk at that level of detail, but, but certainly we saw some, some improvement in the Fine business and there was some element of mix that, that helped in that endeavor. We've told you in the pass that Fine is a nicely profitable business so there was some benefit of mix. And certainly given the very strong growth that the fragrance business had, you got good, good fixed cost leverage and so that was a big driver to the numbers. Got good gross margin improvement as well but at the same todken, there was a big chunk of fixed cost leverage that we saw there.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer: So the Fine category was strongest in terms of driving margin performance?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Well, on a, versus year-over-year performance, I think that we saw good solid growth across all of the categories. It wasn't necessarily a one particular category where we saw this one significantly more profitable this year than last year on a gross margin basis. So effectively, we saw good profitability improvements across the portfolio. A lot of it was driven by the growth leverage we had.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Mike Sison from KeyBanc.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Hi guys. Mother's Day tends to be a pretty important season for Fine Fragrances. Any sense of how the season's going? Is sales at your customers going pretty well? Obviously, they've restocked for it.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Mike, it's Nicolas, indeed you're right. Mother's Day and Christmas are the two most important milestone in terms of sales opportunity for the brands we're partnering with. We don't have yet any sense of the buoyancy of that period right now. But we are definitely part of sole, one of the drivers behind restocking to make sure the retailers and customers were ready in case the consumer demand and consumer confidence was really there to lead the sales.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Okay., And then, just generally speaking, Doug, when – I guess you weren't here in January but any major changes in sentiment from your customers now versus what they were feeling for this year and January, has it – it sounds like it's improved. Has it improved significantly? Are they asking to do more new products? New – that type of stuff? Is – just give us a feel of, maybe, the change there sort of their sentiment over the last three months to four months for this year?
Doug Tough: Sure, Mike, I do think your hypothesis is broadly correct. There's been an improvement that I would – between January and I was involved to a degree with IFF at the time with my other organization as well. The sentiment has improved overall. I'd say it nevertheless is mercurial and fluid and things around the world – parts of the world remain very dynamic. So, we'll be extremely cautious about, as Kevin already articulated. We'll be cautious about the investments and the things we do. I think IFF is blessed with the diversity of its geographic footprint and its portfolio of businesses because sentiments that I've seen in Asia and in Latin America were positive then and they remain positive now and there's been a relative improvement in particularly North America and I'd say to a lesser extent in Europe but nevertheless, directionally going that way. But here in North America, there is an improvement, the customer propensity for new products and investment. Both born out of the need to win back customers exists but the overall trend seems to be our friend everywhere. But as I say, I'm probably most pleased by the footprint that IFF has that, it hasn't – We're trying to go, if you will, from strength to strength in some parts of the world, while in other parts of the world, there's an economic rebound and we're a part of that.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Okay and last question, in terms of Fragrance operating margins, you've got it back 16% or close to 16%, you have about 100 basis points kicking in from cost savings heading into 11. So seems like the 18% goal you've had historically is within striking distance. What do you think you need to do to close that gap heading into 2011?
Kevin Berryman: Mike, you've appropriately identified the continued work on our cost structure and that is, the reorganization that we alluded to in the prepared comments, which is effectively getting us close to 100 basis points of incremental profitability. But I think that we're going to continue to be diligent in terms of ensuring that we're going to have growth – fixed cost leverage. We're going to look to ensure that we continue to have growth and that growth element requires us to make investments at particular points in times. So that may dampen a little bit of that but at the end of the day, I think that is very clearly, our thinking that we would be diligent, we'll be focused and disciplined as it relates to making those investments so we ensure that we have top line growth. I think the other point is that there is a significant increase in some of the incentive numbers we have in this particular quarter because we are very low last year, higher this year. So, if you look at, like a new standard base, some of the costs that you're seeing in RSA won't necessarily be at those levels assuming we continue to be more a normalized level incentive comp over the long haul. That'll be a piece of it, too. So, the first thing is, the $17 million to $20 million in 2011, the next piece is how incentive fits into the picture. Its variable right now that's because we're recovering from such low levels. The rest of it is our continued drive for improvements in gross margins and discipline in the management of our fixed cost structure.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Great. Thank you.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Mark Astrachan with Stifel Nicolaus .
Mark Astrachan – Stifel Nicolaus: Hi. Just following up on one of the earlier questions regarding innovation. Wondering if there's any mixed benefit from some of the higher priced products that are coming to market?
Kevin Berryman: Mark, I'll take a stab at that and then I'll ask if anyone wants to add additional points to it. I think that not necessarily in our numbers today can we point to significant increases in margins as it relates to the new portfolio. It's a mixture. Some of our new wins, obviously if it's in the Fine areas is going to be a driver to incremental mixed benefits. And certainly, the technology and to the extent we bring that to bear in terms of the new efforts that, that lends itself potentially to a longer improvements in margins. So, I think, to Doug's point, innovation's going to continue to be key. It would be the lifeblood of us to be able to maintain our margins and improve them overtime but that's got to be one element of our efforts. The second part, which I've talked about in the past and I continue to talk about is our continued discipline in the management of our, say our controllable cost structure. And I think the business units have continued to do a great job over the course of the last 18 months. That's going to be an important element for us to continue to be able to do that in the future.
Doug Tough: I would only add, certainly on the Flavors side of the business, the opportunities to influence consumer trends of health, wellness, nutrition and so on, which are very much at the forefront of our customers agendas equally are on the forefront of ours. Obviously, we're not positioned nor would we divulge any intellectual property issues, with some of the technological opportunities that Kevin referenced. We'll be right up the alley of the health, wellness, nutrition and so on. And the willingness, I think, to sell those at better margins is both within our ambit and frankly, right up the alley of what the customer wants to do also. I'm optimistic we can achieve some of that and it would always be our goal to improve margin with innovation and new products.
Operator: At this time, there are no other questions.
Doug Tough: Thank you all for your attendance and participation today. Look forward to talking to you in three months. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's International Flavors and Fragrances first quarter 2010 earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau -- IR Manager Doug Tough -- Non-Executive Chairman Kevin Berryman -- EVP and CFO Nicolas Mirzayantz -- Group President, Fragrances Hernan Vaisman -- Group President, Flavors
Analysts: Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan Mike Sison – KeyBanc Ryan Bennett -- Barclays Capital John Roberts – Buckingham Research Edward Yang – Oppenheimer Sam Yake -- BGB Securities Inc. Erik Sjogren -- Morgan Stanley
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the International Flavors & Fragrances fourth quarter and full-year 2009 earnings conference. Today's call is being recorded. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. Participants will be announced by their name and company, and in order to give all participants an opportunity to ask a question we request a limit of one question per person please. Now I would like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Investor Relations Manager. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you operator and thanks everyone for joining us. We me on the call today in Europe it’s Doug Tough, our Non-Executive Chairman; Kevin Berryman, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Hernan Vaisman, our Group President of Flavors. Also joining us today in Europe is Nicolas Mirzayantz, our Group President of Fragrances. Our call is being recorded and will be available for playback on our Web site. Please keep in mind that during this call we may make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today and may contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, I ask you to refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in today's earnings release and in IFF's filing with the SEC. Some of today's prepared remarks will exclude those items that affect comparability. These items are laid out in our non-GAAP reconciliation, which is also available under the Investor Relations section of our Web site. With that, I am happy to introduce our Non-Executive Chairman and Incoming CEO, Doug Tough.
Doug Tough: Thank you, Michael, and good morning, good afternoon and good evening to all of you on the call wherever you are in the world. As many of you will be aware, I have been elected IFF’s new Chairman and CEO effective no later than the end of the first quarter; that is the first quarter of 2010. While I am still finishing off my current commitments to Ansell and its shareholders, I want to take a moment to make some introductory comments today. I’d like to start off by saying I am very excited to have the opportunity to join the wonderful IFF team. I have been on the board for over a year now and have also been able to meet the top 40, 50 Senior Managers in our global organization. What I have seen has impressed me, as the team is passionate and committed to our customers and their needs. We have a very good line of sight on current and future consumer needs that are required to deliver sustainable growth. IFF has weathered the global economic crisis relatively well, and has emerged focused and stronger on a number of elements with the ability to further improve all attributes of our business. I am also pleased with the strong leadership that the executive team has shown over this period of transition. In a challenging economic environment they have worked as a strong team to make tough decisions and achieve fundamental improvements in our business, which has resulted in a stronger foundation, which will support a brighter future for our company. I would like to thank them and all of their teams for all they have accomplished during this transition period. They have done a terrific job of remaining focused to drive the improved performance over the second half of 2009. Now I know that many of you are anxious to hear my thought on the future direction of the company and how that might be different, if at all, from what has been communicated to you in the past. You can appreciate that I cannot go into any specific details at this time; however, I will say that the board and I have been aligned with the strategies that are in place and working today. Of course, I will certainly look to work with the collective IFF team once I am on board to pressure test our strategies and all that we do in order to ensure that we are operating to the best of our ability. Over time we will, I am sure, evaluate other options. We will consider what if strategies and examine other growth avenues. In short, do what all good management teams do. IFF has tremendous capabilities and research, consumer insight and creativity, all attributes that provide our customers with winning products, which translates into profitable growth for IFF. These capabilities when combined with the passion and the commitment of our talented workforce and our diverse geographic and product portfolio position will allow us to create long-term value for our customers, for our employees, and of course for our shareholders. I will continue to support and lead IFF through my role as Non-Executive Chairman. In today’s call, I will let our key senior executives explain our performance and review the key issues in 2010. And with that, let me turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Kevin Berryman.
Kevin Berryman: Thank you Doug and hello everyone. Before turning it over to Hernan and Nicolas, I will give you some insights on the performance of our business units. I would like to provide a brief overview of our fourth quarter performance and some perspective on 2009 results. Looking at our quarterly results, the improved trends in our performance reported in the third quarter continued through the fourth. Our worldwide local currency sales again grew 2% plus year over year in Q4 as the commercial environment continued to show improvement versus the first half of 2009. The growth in the top line when combined with continued discipline in cost management supported a substantial improvement in margin as operating profit margin improved 310 basis points year over year. I feel it is important to note that roughly 100 basis points of this improvement was related to incremental R&D credits that our finance team realized through a collective effort over the course of the year. Given the success of these efforts and the resulting magnitude of these credits in 2009, we felt it was prudent to become more in line with current reporting practices and revise these credits from income tax expense to operational expenses. It is also important to note that this had no impact on our net income; regardless, an integral part of our improved margin has been the continued discipline management of controllable costs. In Q4, we again demonstrated our ability to improve operational performance while continuing to support key growth initiative in each of our businesses. The end result allows us to report adjusted Q4 EPS growth of plus 26%. Turning to our full-year performance; it is clear that 2009 turned out to be a tale of two halves. In the first half, our financial performance reflected the difficult operating environment. Sales were impacted by the economic environment and as such, our local currency sales were down 3% versus the prior year. This was due largely to a sharp falloff in Fine Fragrance sales as well as declines in Fragrance Ingredients that Nicolas will discuss shortly. During the first half, we also experienced a dramatic rise in raw material costs, which had a large impact on gross margin. And of course, the year over year strengthening of the US dollar versus the first half of 2008 had a significant impact on our P&L. The resulting pressure on margin was strong. While the financial performance was disappointing, the company took strong actions in the first half to mitigate the impacts of these issues, taking pricing at the beginning of the year and initiating strong cost control measures. These actions help to improve results in the second half and when combined with an easing of headwinds, drove a substantial improvement in performance. Specifically, worldwide local currency sales turned positive growing 2% plus year over year, 5 percentage points higher than the first half. While raw material costs remained higher than year-ago prices in the second, we did see an easing of these cost increases over the second half of the year. Consequently, our pricing actions, margin recovery and cost control initiatives, and restructuring efforts were able to drive an improving picture over the second half of the year. Both, gross margin and adjusted operating profit margin improved in the second half versus the year-ago period. Gross margin improved 60 basis points to 40.5% in the second half 2009 versus the comparable year-ago period and we managed to deliver 150 basis points of adjusted operating profit margin improvement in the second half of 2009 versus the comparable period last year. A weakening dollar versus the year-ago comparable also supported improved results for sales and margin. The combination of this improved operational performance in the second half and an improved foreign exchange environment as well as some below-the-line leverage drove bottom line results in the second half of the year. Adjusted EPS in the second half grew 16% year over year, the yearly recovering of the weakening realized in the first half. As we head into 2010 and left out 2009, it is important to note that 2009 was, indeed, this year of two halves. On the surface, our full-year financial performance did not show a full picture of the progress we made in 2009. It is important to understand the momentum that was seen in the second half as it is an important element into how we evaluate (inaudible). As our strategic initiatives continue to gain traction and we adapt to an ever-changing economy, we believe we are well positioned to return to local currency sales growth and improve on our overall profitability in 2010. I would now like to turn the call over to Nicolas Mirzayantz, our Group President of Fragrances will provide an update on the Fragrance business.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you Kevin and good morning and good afternoon everyone. As Kevin previously noted, it is clear that the operating environment in the second half improved greatly versus the first half of 2009. For the second consecutive quarter, the Fragrance business unit has posted solid local currency sales growth. In Q4, local currency sales grew 4% year over year, as accelerated pace of new wins in all categories drove performance. In the fourth quarter, Fine Fragrance and Beauty Care trends continued to improve. Local currency sales decreased 1%, the smallest decline of 2009, as weakness in Fine Fragrance offset strong double-digit growth in Beauty Care. Fine Fragrance did improve; however, it remained under pressure as strong new win performance globally was mitigated by market inflection in the developed markets. Within Beauty Care, toiletries and hair care posted strong double-digit growth driven by new win performance in greater Asia and Latin America. For the fourth consecutive quarter, we have seen accelerated growth in the Beauty Care category. Our success can be credited to a longstanding regional expertise and continued investment in consumer insights within the key emerging markets. This investment and category expertise are the primary drivers behind overall market growth and greater momentum. For the full year, Fragrance and Beauty Care sales declined 8% as a result of sharp declines in retail consumption as well as supply chain contraction in North America and Europe in the Fine Fragrance business. Despite challenging market conditions, our Fragrance team was able to successfully maintain our share position while improve our position for 2010 as new win performance was at record levels. I am very pleased and proud of the significant progress this team was able to accomplish. Functional Fragrance continued to perform very well growing 6% in local currency in the fourth quarter. This performance was once again driven by strong Personal Wash growth and new product wins and volume gained in Fabric Care. It is important to note that Functional Fragrance performance improved every quarter since June 1, finishing the year with 5% growth globally. This reflects our continued commitment to this category and the investment in consumer insight and talents made over the past few years to strengthen our position. One area of incremental success that I would like to highlight is the technology of fragrance encapsulation for Fabric Care. For the full year, encapsulation represented a loss [ph] component of our growth and was one of the driving forces of our overall market growth level. In the fourth quarter, Fragrance Ingredients sales also improved, as local currency sales increased 7%, the best performance of 2009. This was driven by underlying improvement in customer demand as we leveraged robust ingredient portfolio to deliver value innovation to our customers. For the full year, Fragrance Ingredients sales were 2%, primarily due to erosion in the Fine Fragrance category and customer destocking in the first half of 2009. Looking at our geographic breakdown of sales; accelerated growth in the emerging markets once again drove our improvements. In Greater Asia and LATAM, new wins and increased demand from both global and regional customers continued to drive results. The European markets, Brazil, Russia, India and China continued to drive growth in all categories. In this market, Hair Care, Fabric Care and Personal Wash are driving impressive double-digit results in the fourth quarter and full-year 2009. As evident by our performance, the investments we have made throughout the year combined with our historical human [ph] understanding and our presence of over 50 years in this market have allowed us to deliver above market growth. From a profitability standpoint, adjusted operating profit increased by 19% or $8 million to $51 million, excluding a $3 million charge related to our previously-announced European facility’s virtualization. The improvement was driven by incremental R&D credit that Kevin noted earlier in the presentation. As a result, adjusted operating profit margin for the quarter increased 130 basis points to 16.3%. Excluding the impact of the R&D credit, operating profit increased $2 million year over year, as higher pricing and continued margin improvement initiatives more than offset unfavorable mix, higher input costs and higher incentive compensation expense. As we look at 2010, the recent business momentum has provided us with some optimism. The progress achieved in 2009 as well as our strategic commitment to more aligned fragrance organizations has allowed us to strengthen our consumer expertise across every region and through all categories. When combined with R&D innovation initiatives, we are well positioned to deliver winning in consumer preferred fragrances to our customers that will increase retail and global market share and create greater productivity [ph]. I am now happy to introduce Hernan Vaisman, our Global President of Flavors.
Hernan Vaisman:
 : As we previously discussed, a loss of non-strategic business continued to impact results. In Great Asia, local currency sales were up 5% as new win performance and solid demand in Beverage and Dairy drove results. In addition, Beverage results were positive as previously discussed customer specific volume weakness or inventory destocking was eliminated. I’d also note that the underlying growth during the quarter was stronger than our final reported figures. We did experience lower sales shipment at year end as it appeared that some of our customers conservatively managed their inventory levels. This trend has reversed itself in the first few weeks of 2010 and we are expecting growth to return close to normal levels in quarter one. On a full-year basis, local currency sales increased 2% plus. Greater Asia, Latin America and North America delivered solid growth resulting from new wins and price increases that more than offset weak economic conditions. Local currency sales in Europe remained constant as the economic slowdown and inventory reductions by our customers impacted our results. In summary, I continue to be pleased with underlying demand trend behind our local currency sales performance. As we have in previous years, the Flavor teams posted solid local currency sales growth despite adverse economic conditions. The emerging markets once again are driving our results as we made great improvement in the Savory and Dairy categories. Complementing the success and together with our Fragrance team, we opened three new state-of-the-art facilities in Shanghai, China; Sao Paulo, Brazil; and Moscow, Russia, positioning IFF to better serve these key growth markets. As we look at our cost structure, margin recovery efforts including price increases, cost discipline and improved operating efficiencies drove improvement. More specifically, gross margin percentage in Q4 improved approximately 190 basis points year over year. This helped support the Flavors operating profit margin as it increased by 340 basis points year over year to 17.4% in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead, we expect local currency sales to be positive once again in 2010. While we are entering Q1, we have started the quarter in a positive note. Consistent with the second half result, we expect to see solid local currency sale growth that when combined with our continued focus on cost control initiatives should result in continued margin improvement. I am pleased with the performance of our Flavor business in 2009. Looking ahead, our vision to create differentiation and brand value for our customers remains unchanged. We continue to support our customers' brands through brand superiority that will ensure that IFF Flavors delivers on its strategic intent to gain market share and expand margins. With that, let me turn it back to Kevin.
Kevin Berryman: Thank you, Hernan. I would first like to cover our Q4 sales trends. Looking at the chart, it is now clear that Q2 represented an inflection point in our industry. It is encouraging to note that our underlying trends in the categories continued to either improve or remain firmly positive in Q4, and as a result, we finished the year with Flavors, Functional Fragrances and Fragrance Ingredients categories all recording positive local currency sales growth in Q4. While Fine and Beauty Care remained negative in Q4, it is clear that weakness in the Fine Fragrance category continues to dissipate. The key takeaway here is that there has been a marked improvement across the board reflected in our second performance. Fine Fragrance remains the only business that has not returned to positive growth territory; however, we are continuing to win in this profitable category by realizing a high percentage of new wins. We remain cautiously optimistic for this part of our business going forward. I would like to cover up on the other key drivers of our financial performance, specifically input costs, research, selling and administrative costs or what we call RSA and currency. Turning to input costs, we continue to see year-over-year increases in the P&L driven primarily by the fluctuations in raw material costs. In the fourth quarter, our input cost increases represented a 2% increase in our cost of goods. As communicated earlier in the year, we did expect this cost increase to moderate throughout the balance of the year. This did happen as input cost increases versus the year-ago period were less than what we had seen in the first three quarters of 2009. However, our input cost compensation was mixed; and our Flavors business unit, input cost prices were down as we finished working through our higher cost inventories. In the Fragrance business unit, we have once again experienced a rise in input costs in Q4 versus the year-ago period as the mix of the business from a geographic and segment basis resulted in the use of higher cost inventories in the fourth quarter. Despite the small increase in Q4, we did realize gross margin expansion plus 40 basis points for the second consecutive quarter as margin recovery efforts, including pricing, manufacturing efficiencies and cost reduction initiatives offset the raw material cost increase. Looking ahead to 2010, we continue to see our current purchases of raw materials at lower price levels. So it appears that this favorable trend will continue regardless input cost driven by the cost of raw materials will remain in levels that are above 2007 and 2008, prior to the accelerated increases seen in the second half of 2008 and the first half of 2009. From an overhead cost standpoint, we continued to improve our cost structure. RSA expenses decreased $3 million year over year. Excluding the impact of currency, RSA cost was down $9 million year over year reflecting incremental R&D related credits, benefits of previously announced restructuring and continued cost management discipline. If we exclude the benefit of the R&D credits, RSA in constant currencies still declined $3 million versus the fourth quarter of 2008. Within RSA, R&D expenses as percentage of sales declined to 8.1% of sales in 2009 compared to 9.6% last year, driven by the incremental R&D credits, a more focused approach to investments, and strict cost control. I am very pleased with the way our organization has responded to the pressures as we faced over the course of 2009. For the year, adjusted RSA expenses decreased $24 million year over year driven by the impact of the incremental R&D credits, ongoing cost reduction efforts, and the effects of a strong US dollar. If we exclude the positive impact of currency, RSA still declined $11 million, driven by reductions in Q3 and Q4. In 2010, we will continue to maintain strict discipline in the management of our fixed cost structure to ensure we are operating as efficiently and effectively as possible. As always, potential investments in resources, R&D efforts, and commercial opportunities will be driven by our beliefs in the growth opportunities that these investments will deliver. We will look to fund these opportunities by our continued focus on cost discipline. Moving to currency; it is important to note that the fourth quarter was the first quarter in 2009 we experienced positive currency tailwinds. From a sales standpoint, it had a positive $32 million impact or a 6% increase in sales and represented a $6 million benefit to operating profit. As a reminder, we have shown in the slide, the euro changes versus the dollar as a representative of our currency exposure, as a material portion of our portfolio is euro based. Looking ahead, if rates stay where they are today, we expect a relatively small impact to our results in the first half of 2009 due to currency parity. The weakened dollar on Q4 relative to the year-ago period has also proven to be beneficial to overall margin results. Similar to the past few quarters, I have tried to illustrate this issue by highlighting the drivers of change in our operating profit margins in the previous four quarters versus year-ago results. In Q4, we continued our trend of operational improvements. As you can see, the margin improvement due to operations improved 260 basis points versus the year-ago period as a result of price increases, cost reduction efforts, and the impact of the incremental R&D credits. Even after eliminating the incremental benefits of the increased R&D credits, our margin improvement driven by operations was a robust 160 basis points. All in, including the positive impact from currency, margin improved 310 basis points in Q4 versus the comparable year-ago period. As we look forward, we expect that our efforts to drive operational improvements will continue to gain attraction. Turning to our EPS reconciliation, I would like to reemphasize again the operational performance of the group. As highlighted on the slide, we continue to see improved operational performance, improving EPS by $0.19 or a 38% improvement versus the year-ago period. When including a net $0.06 costs associated with interest and other items partially offset by foreign exchange and higher income taxes, adjusted EPS grew 26% versus the year-ago adjusted figure. I would love to provide you also with a quick update on the recent European Fragrance facility rationalization plan. As a reminder, we announced during Q3 that we had initiated a collective consultation process with employee representatives regarding the potential closure of our Fragrances compounding facility in Drogheda, Ireland, as well as the potential partial closure of a Fragrance Ingredients chemical plant in Haverhill, United Kingdom. In the beginning of Q4, we announced that we concluded the consultation process and determined that we would proceed with the facility rationalization plan. As a result, we have recorded a $13 million provision, $10.5 million in Q3 and $2.5, in Q4 related to this restructuring activity. As a reminder, we expect to deliver our targeted annual cost savings for this strategic project of $17 million to $20 million annually, which will be fully realized in 2011. Looking at our cash flow statement, our disciplined focus on operational improvement drove a significant reduction in working capital in 2009, as a reduction in inventories combined with better operating discipline over receivables and payables improved results. The improvement in working capital was the primary driver to improvement in cash flow from operations, up $71 million to $292 million for the year. Importantly we were able to more than offset the $34 million annual decrease in net income which was driven by the weakness in the first half to deliver this strong cash flow improvement. As a result of our strong cash flow performance through the end of 2009, we paid down additional debt of $150 million and made an incremental $20 million contribution to our US pension. Through the full year, we reduced our gross outstanding debt by approximately $240 million, including $150 million previously mentioned, which was an early repayment of our Japanese term loan. Actions such as these reflect our commitment to maintaining our investment grade rate. Looking at capital expenditures, we finished the year at levels near expectations. Going forward, we expect higher spend levels over the next few years as we will focus our investments behind supporting strategic growth, with focus in the emerging markets, and driving efficiencies by strategically improving our manufacturing and supply chain footprint. As earlier communicated, we would expect our future capital expenditures to grow to a level approximating 4% of sales. So a perspective on our results; our Q4 results were certainly in line with our expectations and again indicative of improving business performance. As we leave a tumultuous 2009, it was clear that we managed through a year that had very different performance in the two halves of the year. Regardless without question, the strong discipline in maintaining focus against growth initiatives and cost management over the course of the year allowed us to dramatically improve results in the second half of the year and position us with some momentum as we enter 2010. So what does that mean more specifically for 2010? We continue to be cautiously optimistic regarding the health of our customers’ businesses, which should translate into a more solid growth environment in 2010. In addition, the headwinds in raw material costs and currency are expected to turn and combine with our continued focus on driving margin improvements should translate into improved margin picture in 2010. Finally we would expect that the first half year-over-year performance will be stronger than the second half. In summary, we are excited that our strategies and focused execution drove the market improvement in the second half of 2009. Specifically in Q4, we continued our operational improvements, our best performance all year and now we are beginning 2010 with stronger momentum behind us. Our global presence and diversified product portfolio continues to offer us great growth opportunities, and our emerging market presence continues to position us well in key growth areas around the world. We also continue to be disciplined in driving efficiencies in all that we do, thus ensuring that we will have the ability to improve margins while continuing to support our growth initiatives. So as we enter 2010, we remain disciplined in the evaluation of our performance and as we consider additional investments to build stronger growth momentum, it will be done consistent with our ability to drive and improve margin picture. This commitment will ensure that our company will be able to win in the marketplace regardless of what the future might hold. With that, we would be happy to take any questions that you may have.
Operator: Kevin, thank you very much. (Operator instructions) We will begin with Jeff Zekauskas at JP Morgan.
Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Hi good morning. Your capital expenditures came down this year from about $85 million to $66 million, and you have been – your volume growth profile moves along in general slowly and you have been closing facilities. So is it the case that your CapEx is going to stay at this level over the next several years or maybe even go down?
Kevin Berryman: Good morning, Jeff. This is Kevin. Let me kind of respond to your question. I think in actuality we are going to be ramping up our capital to ensure that we are supporting where we are expecting to grow, and specifically as I alluded just briefly in the call in terms of our outlook for capital expenditures going forward given what we consider to be a more robust growth environment from the emerging markets, we are going to be supporting our growth opportunities there through some incremental expenditures. We are also currently spending against the restructuring plan that has previously been announced. So if I were to talk about the general view of our CapEx going forward, that will continue to be the normal maintenance spend to ensure that our facilities are operating at high efficiency levels, and there potentially could be some restructuring dollars more oriented against our developed market positions. But we will have incremental capital in the emerging markets to support what we consider to be a strong growth dynamic going forward in those particular key growth areas for us. So as I mentioned, we are talking about closer to a 4% number of sales going forward, and we would expect to be kind of in that neighborhood.
Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan: So the level of – can you talk about -- can you quantify your levels of capital expenditure that you expect?
Kevin Berryman: Roughly in the neighborhood of 4% of sales. So, we are at something like $2.5 billion in revenue. You can kind of calculate the number. We are getting close to the three digit number.
Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Moving on now to Mike Sison at KeyBanc.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Hi good morning, welcome on board Doug. Just sort of a question for you, I know it is -- I can’t go into much detail, but when you take a look at the opportunity to improve IFF over time, are there any particular areas that you see the biggest opportunity maybe, is it the costs side, is that the top line side, or any other area that you have sort of observed over the last year?
Doug Tough: Sure, a good question. I would probably answer it by saying I am pretty pleased with all that I have seen so far, maybe you would expect that given I’d come on to the board having done some due diligence. I think the company is – the overall goal that the company and the board have and I do too is really to grow the business profitably and I don’t make that as a trait statement, but the focus on growth is obviously a function of the top line and the profitability is both through the top line but also through what I think are some efficiency opportunities, Kevin touched a moment ago on some operational opportunities through restructuring which we have done in the past and we will continue to look forward to do so. I think the hallmark that I have probably noticed in my time on the board so far is really what the need will be to be discriminating in terms of the many growth opportunities that we have. When you take a look at IFF’s geographic footprint, and these are elements which attracted me at the offset, the diversity of our footprint from a country point of view, Flavors versus Fragrances, the channels, and also the variety of wonderful customers that we have there is really a tremendous opportunity for growth across all of those. They will all take resources, so we are going to be strategically discriminating on where we put those growth opportunities. Now obviously within the efficiency footprint, as I will work with the senior team and all those around the globe, we have to look for those productivity improvements. So and making the comment about growth being priority one, not trivializing for an instant the need to continue to get efficiencies which I would look, I think the whole team would look to do. And maybe the final comment really in response to your growth issue is really the challenge that the board has thrown against the entire management team that being to look at all avenues for growth, organic and also external, but certainly the good news from my point of view is that in evaluating the organic or internal growth opportunities that have been briefly touched upon by Nicholas and Hernan today, there are just a tremendous number of those internal organic opportunities for growth which I would look for us to maximize going forward.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Great. And just a quick follow-up Nicolas, if you don’t mind; in terms of the Fine Fragrance business how has that business changed during this downturn? At some point, do you think the consumer will come back and view this as an item they would buy more or have there been any major structural changes in the way customers deal with you now, just sort of an update there? And just curious what the outlook would be for Fine Fragrance in your recovery?
Kevin Berryman: Mike, this is Kevin. Before turning over to Nicolas, I think obviously we had commentary on that subject in the past. I think the way we are approaching Fine, though, just to give you an overall color is that we are cautiously optimistic on the business, but we are managing it in such a way that we are not assuming anything as it relates to that business going back to the days of old. And so we are being quite prudent in terms the management of the portfolio and how we add resources or not as the case may be. So our expectation is that we are going to be able to be successful from a margin perspective regardless of what the future might hold. So we are certainly managing forward from that perspective. So we are not leaning in front of ourselves, I guess, from that perspective. I think Nicolas would certainly have some additional color on in terms of kind of the consumer and the future of that business.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Hi Mike. Definitely Fine category disproportionately felt the impact of the external environment and very often in the category we talk about destocking at the retailer level. It was also at the consumer level. And we know that after two years of lot of innovation, consumers were in possession of several bottles of fragrances, and when we look at product rotation at retail and when we look at also the different face of buying we believe that the consumers were sitting on some inventory as well. So we probably have not seen them for quite a lot of time. I think that the prestige market has been most affected in North America, as you know, which was really the most challenging market last year. We are seeing some retailers -- we are seeing some brands trying to focus on different initiative either focusing on supporting some of the classic or trying to brining innovation. We understand that market is still soft and we had to focus ourselves on investing on strong business and creative fundamentals. Right now, we feel very positive about our new win momentum regardless of the soft market.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Great, thank you.
Operator: We have a question now from Barclays Capital, Lauren Lieberman.
Ryan Bennett -- Barclays Capital: Hi, good morning. This is Ryan Bennett sitting in for Lauren today. I guess my big question really just deals with North America, and I was hoping you could give a little more visibility on that market. I guess, significantly we were a little surprised that sales decelerated sequentially, and then I was wondering if you could talk about what’s happening there, is there a divergence in trend in North America versus what you are seeing in Europe, and how much your outlook is for 2010 in that market?
Kevin Berryman: Ryan, this is Kevin. How are you doing?
Ryan Bennett -- Barclays Capital: Good.
Kevin Berryman: Any specific business or just from an overall perspective?
Ryan Bennett -- Barclays Capital: I think – yes, I mean, just generally all the segments, except Ingredients, just a little decelerated sequentially, I know the comp is a little bit tougher, but just wondering if there’s something happening in the market that we would expect it to be a quicker rebound just given what we are seeing with some of the customers.
Kevin Berryman: Well, I think there are a couple of things. I don’t know that we are noting any change in trend. But I would say a couple of points, one of which you’ve already mentioned, relative to comp versus year-ago, fourth quarter it was actually a pretty strong year-ago period. So that’s one area. I think the fourth quarter was the only quarter a year ago where we had some solid North American growth. So I think that’s part of the deal. And I think the dynamic as you think about kind of Christmas and what’s happening from that perspective, that clearly plays a role in terms of what’s happening in that fourth quarter period. So though, flavors had a really strong quarter, fourth quarter year ago. So there was a slight change there in terms of comparing versus that strong quarter. And from a Fragrance perspective, I think it maintained – we maintained our position. Hernan mentioned it a little bit, but we did get a sense over the course of the quarter where some of our customers seem to have taken a position on inventories right at the end of the year as we were seeing some pretty strong growth and right at the end of the quarter things fell off. So it certainly appears that there was an impact there, different dynamic than what we saw a year ago. So I think that that’s playing a little bit of a dynamic in terms of comparing the numbers. If we look at kind of where we are right now in the preliminary trends as we kind of turn the corner into 2010, things are actually looking pretty good. So we are pretty comfortable that there were some inventory positioning being taken by at least some of our customers.
Ryan Bennett -- Barclays Capital: Great, thanks so much.
Kevin Berryman: Sure.
Operator: Moving on to John Roberts, Buckingham Research.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research:
 :
Doug Tough: My pleasure. Thank you.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Could you give us your thoughts on acquisitions, either as you observed consolidation in the flavors and fragrance industry or maybe any relevant experience that you had in Ansell or in your prior positions?
Doug Tough: Sure, and I guess as you can probably appreciate the company doesn’t make comment about any M&A activity. So I won’t even think about going there. I would revisit the brief that the board has understandably provided to the incoming CEO and probably any CEO, which is to evaluate any and all opportunities for growth. So I and the management team will do see that the industry has a number of wonderful competitors who frankly challenge each other which is a very healthy dynamic. The number of competitors is sizable that obviously the customer base as well as the consumer base around the world is huge and therefore it supports the kind of competitors that exist in the marketplace. So I admire them and I will come to understand them better going forward. But I probably would reiterate the challenge notwithstanding what the board has said, evaluate everything.  When I have looked inside the company at the strength that we have in our people, the diversity of our customers, the R&D strengths that we have as well as the global footprints in Flavors and Fragrances, there is a tremendous number of internal options to pursue for growth which we will do as the number priority. To answer the second part of your question I have had extensive experience in M&A activity through both Ansell and previously. They happened to be very good strategic moves in the context of entering new markets and/or acquiring new businesses and new challenges. So I was to have had that experience and it seemed that to be very beneficial for companies. It is not necessarily a platform at all for going forward for growth at IFF.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Okay, thank you. Then, Kevin, maybe just a follow-up, I think earlier you targeted up to $20 million in annualized savings from the recent restructuring beginning in the second half of 2010. The recent 8-K that you filed revising some of the management compensation objectives does that signal any change to that target either coming earlier or maybe having some upside?
Kevin Berryman: No. Completely different in terms of – and not connected, but we’re continuing to work through that transition and at the end of the day it’s going to translate into us really thinking about 2011 being the full benefit. And we are currently in the midst of the final negotiations with our employee representatives Drogheda, Ireland. And so we are not even through that process and that certainly is important for us to effectively ensure we get through that process in a way that works for both parties. So the numbers that we are expecting may have some benefits at the end of 2009, but they really will be relatively small and really I would counsel you that suggest that it’s going to be more a 2011 benefit. The one last comment I would make is we targeted a $17 million to $20 million number, you quoted $20 million and I hope that’s the number, but certainly from our perspective that’s the range that we have communicated to you guys so far.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Okay, thank you.
Operator: We have a question now from Edward Yang at Oppenheimer.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer: Hi Kevin, could you provide the local currency breakdown between pricing and volume by segment?
Kevin Berryman: We can – we would be happy to share with you, kind of we have to go through that just because it’s that intensive now. So we will –
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer: Okay, sure. I’ll take that offline. In terms of the outlook for 2010, just drilling down a little bit deeper, is 2% a good local currency run rate for 2010, and you mentioned some margin improvement, could you quantify how much you expect in 2010?
Kevin Berryman: As you know, we don’t provide a robust level of guidance. But I would say the following. Certainly as you heard our commentary, we were talking about leaving 2009 in a better place than we entered 2009, and I think if you focus on what was transpiring over the balance of the second half you start to get a better idea of kind of how we are feeling about 2010. So the momentum that we were certainly seeing as we ended the year, we would expect that certainly in the beginning of 2010 we would be able to see that kind of momentum carrying forward. And as we suggested we will continue to be disappointed in terms of our management of costs such that regardless of what the top line is doing given certainly the economic volatility and uncertainty, let’s call it uncertainty as we approach 2010 we are going to be able to afford any investments in resources and R&D that will ultimately position us for higher levels of growth going longer terms. So I think we are feeling better as we enter 2010 and I think that we will see how that plays out, but certainly as we started the year we are feeling good because remember the fourth quarter was impacted by this kind of slowness at the very end where inventory positions were taken; so underlying trends continue to be strong.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer:
 :
Doug Tough: Okay. Significant questions in there. Let me try to deal with them little by little. The transition I would concur seems to have taken a significant amount of time. That was a function of a contract that I have with Ansell and the obligations that I have to the board to fulfill that contract. It would run through the early part of March. So we are clearly at the tail end. To build on parts of your question, I’ve used the opportunity to get to know the senior team quite. I’ve used the opportunity to read immensely to try to understand what are the critical issues going forward. But I've been a little faithful to my Ansell duties but also have extreme confidence which was well placed in the operating committee, the senior leadership team here at IFF who have stewarded the ship in an exemplary fashion.  I am quite at the speed on issues through that reading and understanding and attending a variety of meetings, but all the credit goes to them. But I should hit the deck and I will hit the decks running in the not-too-distant future. Turning now to really the heart and soul of your question, the company is in a very good position with the current platform that it has. It took a number of difficult, but necessary steps during the last year to restructure cost management, margin management to come out of the year quite strong. Nicolas and Hernan have already touched about the broad scale, wonderful position our businesses find themselves in with the notable exception of fine, but that's well understood. So the geography that we have, the customer base, the cost rigger that’s been taken in the current R&D pipeline gives certainly me great confidence going forward that we can achieve what goals we need to achieve through, what I would call, non-transformational.  Any CEO change and particularly operating from a position of some strength allows the company and the board to deliberate on any and all options, and they will be considered. I think the really good news in response to your question is that this company does not need to make any transformational moves out of a position of needing to do something critical in order to make its -- achieve its goals. That might occur but I definitely wouldn’t want you to bank on that, and that’s really a function of the great footprint we have going forward from an organic point of view. As I said, I'll hit the decks running. I'm quite knowledgeable on issues and delighted to be going to work with a wonderful group that already exist here.
Edward Yang – Oppenheimer: Okay. Thank you for the insight.
Operator: We will take a question now from Sam Yake at BGB Securities.
Sam Yake -- BGB Securities Inc.: Yes, hello, good morning. I a new analyst covering IFF, and I have to say like Mr. Tough, I am really impressed with the company’s potential.
Doug Tough: Thank you.
Sam Yake -- BGB Securities Inc.: I just had one quick question. It has been a historical problem that the currency is going to impact your results greatly, and I know that you were looking at possibly engaging in a hedging program. Do you have any thoughts on possibly hedging currencies in the future?
Kevin Berryman: We're exactly evaluating that as we speak. I had discussions internally and certainly the discussions with the board as it relates to that effort. And so I would say philosophically that we need to make sure that we protect the economic dynamics of what can transpire from a currency perspective. I am less concerned about the translation related issues, although we all know that they have an impact. But we are evaluating that and to the extent that we do any particular work there, certainly we'll advise as appropriate.
Sam Yake -- BGB Securities Inc.: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Now a question from Erik Sjogren at Morgan Stanley.
Erik Sjogren -- Morgan Stanley: Yes, good morning, Erik Sjogren from Morgan Stanley here. First of all, very impressive cost control at the RSA costs, I think taking out the R&D credits, it’s roughly 100 basis points of underlying improvement here. Do you see this as a run rate now going forward if your savings programs continue to deliver, the top line growth holds up and the raw materials stay where they are?
Kevin Berryman: How are you doing Erik? Good afternoon. I guess, I assume you're over in Europe these days.
Erik Sjogren -- Morgan Stanley: Nope. Good afternoon.
Kevin Berryman:
 :
Erik Sjogren -- Morgan Stanley: All right, great. Thanks very much. And then if I could just follow up very quickly on the balance sheet, and obviously cash generation was very strong in the fourth quarter. So I think appears about two times net debt now. Could you give any comments on what kind of debt levels you are comfortable with or plans for investments going forward here?
Kevin Berryman: Well, as you know and we’ve talked in the past Erik, we were committed to strengthening the balance sheet over the course of 2009 to the extent that we could and certainly we’ve done that. So I think that at a $1 billion debt level, which is kind of where we are right now and two times as you mentioned, we are feeling good about that position. We also know that we have some great growth opportunities. So we will continue to be focused on our working capital front, which hopefully should supply us with additional cash inflows. And that will ultimately allow us to have the cash to ensure that we are tackling those organic growth opportunities that are available to us. So I would say we’re certainly feeling much better about kind of where we are from an overall debt structure at this point in time.
Erik Sjogren -- Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: With that there are no other questions in the roster. I will turn things back over to our speakers for additional or closing remarks.
Doug Tough: Thank you all for your attendance today, and there was a follow-up question which comes through Michael DeVeau which we'll happily answer, and I will look forward to talk to you the quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks once more for joining us everyone. That will conclude today’s call. Again, thank you for joining us.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau – IR Manager Kevin Berryman – EVP and CFO Hernan Vaisman – Group President, Flavors Nicolas Mirzayantz – Group President, Fragrances
Analysts: Silka Koopf – JPMorgan Mike Sison – KeyBanc Edward James [ph] – Oppenheimer Lauren Lieberman – Barclays Capital John Roberts – Buckingham Research Eric Sjogren – Morgan Stanley Susan McGarry – Granahan Investment Management
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to today's International Flavors & Fragrances third quarter 2009 earnings conference. Just as a reminder, today's call is being recorded. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. (Operator instructions) I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Investor Relations Manager. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you, operator, and thanks, everyone for joining us this morning. We me on the call is Kevin Berryman, Executive Vice President and CFO, Hernan Vaisman, Group President of Flavors, and Nicolas Mirzayantz, Group President of Fragrances. Our call is being recorded and will be available for playback on our Web site. Please keep in mind that this call we may make forward-looking statements about the Company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today and may contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements, I ask you to refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in today's press release and in IFF's filing with the SEC. Some of today's prepared remarks will exclude those items that affect comparability. These items are laid out in our non-GAAP reconciliation, which is also available on the Investor Relations section of our web site. With that, let me turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Berryman: Thanks, Michael, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I would like to update everyone on our recent executive management changes. As you know, Doug Tough, current CEO of Ansell Limited, has been elected our new Chairman and CEO, effective no later than the end of the first quarter 2010. Until Doug is able to join us full time, we are thankful that he will be able to add value to his role as non-Executive Chairman of IFF. Prior to joining us full time, Doug continues to work through his current commitment to Ansell and its shareholders, while devoting as much time as possible to IFF duties. He is not able to join us today as he is in Europe on Ansell business. We look forward to introducing him as soon as we have the opportunity. Turning to our quarterly results, it is clear that the operating environment in which we do business has improved since the first half of 2009. Specifically, our worldwide local currency sales in Q3 turned positive, growing 2 plus percent year-over-year, an improvement versus our first half decline of 3%. Our continued focus on cost and productivity initiatives has helped provide a year-over-year improvement in operating margin. We continue to manage controllable costs with discipline, which will help support enhanced margin levels as we look to future growth. This continued cost discipline demonstrates our ability to drive organizational efficiency while continuing to support key growth initiatives in each of our businesses. We have improved operational performance, which has strengthened our foundation and set the stage for future success. The end result of the improved top-line dynamics, combined with the continued disciplined approach to our cost structure, has allowed us to report the highest adjusted quarterly EPS in Company's history. I'm very proud of our team. We have the right combination of strategic initiatives, and extremely talented workforce, and a diverse geographic portfolio that will help us capture growth opportunities and create long-term value for our shareholders. I'm now happy to introduce Hernan Vaisman, our Global President of Flavors. He will provide you with additional commentary and insight related to the Flavors business, which continues to deliver strong results.
Hernan Vaisman: Good morning, everyone. As Kevin has previously noted, it is clear that the operating environment in which we are conducting business has in fact improved versus the first half of 2009. Flavor local currency sales increased 2% over the comparable 2008 quarter. All regions reported positive results. Overall growth was driven by new wins in North America, particularly in Savory combined with stronger volumes and new wins in confectionary and dairy in the EAME regions. Underlying demand in emerging markets remains strong. However, in beverage, the loss of non-strategic business in Latin America and customer-specific volume weakness in greater Asia did impact results. In North America, local currency sales increased 5%, and we experienced double-digit growth in Savory, driven by new wins and strong demand. Our industry-leading efforts in R&D and creative expertise continue to drive our strong performance. Particularly, Savory has been our most consistent performer over the past few years and has been the main component behind our 17 consecutive quarter of consolidated local currency growth. Looking at EAME, local currency sales were up 1% year-over-year. Stronger volumes growth and new wins in Confectionary and Dairy provided solid results. Our team has done a good job capitalizing on our strong share position in Confectionary to leverage new business opportunities. And while Dairy is a smaller activity for us, I am pleased with the progress our team is demonstrating. We are tracking well against our objective to improve our market share positions as we continue to win new business. Turning to Latin America, local currency sales increased 1%. We did experienced isolated weakness in the beverage category as we look some non-strategic business and we're dealing with the strong comparisons year-over-year. However, going forward, we believe we are better positioned from a margin perspective. Finally, in greater Asia, local currency sales were up 1% as new win performance and solid demand in Savory drop results. Results were negatively impacted by specific beverage volume weakness as some specific customers managed through inventory reduction. Before leaving this slide, I would like to point out that while we did see isolated weakness in the Beverage category, it was mainly due to customer-specific volume. Going forward, we expect this category to remain in strategic focus where we tend to be more of profit growth driven. Since 2007 we have made good progress and expect it will continue in the years to come. In summary, our local currency top-line performance is a clear indication that IFF continues to perform well in the flavors industry. As we look at our cost structure, higher input cost and weaker mix negatively impacted profitability. However, margin recovery efforts, including price increase, cost discipline, and improved operating efficiencies more than offset this negative impact. In fact, gross margin percentage improved approximately 100 basis point year-over-year. This helps support the Flavors operating profit margin as it increased by 100 basis point year-over-year to 20%. Despite the challenging operating environment, the Flavors business has continued to perform consistently well. While we are early in Q4, we have started the quarter on a positive note. Consistent with the Q3 results, we continue to see solid local currency growth that when combined with our increased focus on cost productivity initiatives should result in improved margins versus the year-ago period. Overall, I am very pleased with the performance of our Flavors business. While we have had some (inaudible) pressures that we work through in the emerging markets, our diverse geographic portfolio and product mix has allowed us to more than offset any isolated weakness and deliver solid results. Looking forward, our project pipeline remains very healthy, and I believe we are in good shape to continue our track record of local currency sales growth. I would now like to turn the call over to Nicolas Mirzayantz, our Global President of Fragrance, who will provide an update on the Fragrance business.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Thank you, Hernan, and good morning, everyone. Similar to the comments my colleagues have made, we are in fact seeing an improvement in business conditions during the third quarter of 2009. Specifically, our Fragrance business unit has reversed its recent downward trend, and posted local currency sales growth of 3% in the quarter. Importantly, our total local currency sales growth represents the first quarter of year-over-year improvement since the second quarter of 2008. Our team has done an excellent job at managing through a very challenging environment to deliver much improved results. The Fragrance business unit delivered sequential local currency sales improvement in every category except for Fine Fragrance. We specifically saw strong double-digit growth in Fabric Care, in Europe, Greater Asia and Latin America. In addition, toiletries and hair care performed very well in the emerging markets. In Fine Beauty Care, local currency sales decreased 6% as weakness in Fine Fragrance more than offset low double-digit growth in Beauty Care. Within Beauty Care, toiletries and hair care posted solid results, driven by new win performance. Fine Fragrance in the developed markets of North America and Europe, although still declining showed significant improvements compared to first half 2009 results. This change reflects strong new win performance, a significant reduction in customer destocking, along with some underlying improvement in consumer demand. While this is much improved, we do not foresee a recovery to normalcy in the Fine Fragrance market in Q4. As consumers continue to be prudent, and the economy remains (inaudible), we continue to be cautious on the outlook for this part of our business. We did have a stellar performance in Functional Fragrances as local currency sales grew 10%. Importantly, not only did every category within Functional Fragrances post solid results, but we also delivered positive growth in every single region. This performance was driven by solid Personal Wash growth, new product wins and volume gains in Fabric Care, our largest Functional Fragrance category. This reflects our strategic commitment to this category and the investments made over the past few years to strengthen our position. Indicative of our Q3 results, we have made terrific progress against this initiative. Finally, Fragrance Ingredient sales improved significantly compared to first half 2009 as local currency sales increased 3%, largely driven by a reduction in customer destocking activity. Sales were also supported by cost driven price increases versus the year-ago period. This stronger top-line growth translating to further improved operational performance in the third quarter. From a profitability standpoint, adjusted operating profit margin increased 60 basis points year-over-year to 16.8%, excluding the gross restructuring cost of $10.5 million related to our European Fragrance facility rationalization. The increase in margin was driven by cost reduction efforts and price increases that more than offset the effect of unfavorable mix, higher input cost, and unfavorable foreign exchange. I believe the recent announcement outlining the conclusion of the European consultation process and our decision to proceed with our restructuring plan is a clear indication of our commitment to continuous improvement. As difficult as these decisions are we must do what is ultimately best for the Company and our customers. We continue to be grateful for all the contributions our employees have made at these locations. As we look at Q4, business is off to a good start. Functional Fragrances continue to build momentum and we expect local currency trends to be positive once again in Q4. I am confident that we are moving in the right direction and taking the necessary steps in order to be stronger in the future. Our Q3 results reflect our organizational capability to deliver solid results despite very challenging business conditions. When a normalized operating environment returns, I believe our Fragrance business will be in a much better position to leverage future growth as a result of our continued focus on margin improvement initiatives. With that, let me turn it back to Kevin.
Kevin Berryman: Thanks, Nicolas. On our Q2 Conference Call, we outlined our expectations on four key trends. I would like to now update you on how we measured up versus these previously communicated objectives. First, we communicated that local currency sales trends were expected to improve. Both the Flavor and Fragrance teams delivered improved commercial performance, including continued strong new win success, resulting in 2 plus percent consolidated local currency sales growth. Second, we highlighted that we would see an improving margin picture. This did happen as both the adjusted gross margin and adjusted operating profit margins improved versus the year ago period in the second quarter. Adjusted gross margin improved 70 basis points to 40.7% as price increases, moderating input cost, and cost-recovery and margin improvement initiatives aided results. When combined with strict discipline in the management of our research, selling, and administrative expenses or what we call RSA, and despite the continued currency headwinds, we still managed to deliver 20 basis points of adjusted operating margin improvement. Third, we said we would continue to challenge every aspect of our business in order to improve our business model and cost footprint going forward. And our recent announcement regarding the European facility rationalization confirms that commitment. Fourth, we noted that we would be able to grow EPS sequentially versus the second quarter of 2009. The combination of our improved operational performance as well as some below the line leverage allowed us to do just that. Specifically, interest expense decreased $5 million year-over-year, principally due to the elimination of cost currency interest rate swaps and lower borrowing costs. The effective tax rate, excluding the tax implications related to the European facility rationalization and the executive management change, decreased approximately 110 basis points to 26.8% versus the year ago period. As a result, adjusted EPS grew 26% from the second quarter and grew 11% year-over-year to an all-time company high of $0.82. Looking at the recent sales trends, we believe that there is an indication that Q2 represented an inflection point. It is encouraging to note that every category has improved in Q3 and as a result, the Flavors, Functional Fragrances, and Fragrance Ingredients categories all realized positive local currency sales growth. We remain cautiously optimistic on our outlook going forward. However, we believe we have turned the corner versus the very weak conditions reported in the first half of 2009. I would now like to provide you with an update on other key drivers in our financial performance, specifically, input costs, RSA costs and currency. Turning to input costs, we continue to see year-over-year increases in the P&L, driven primarily by the fluctuations in raw material costs. As a reminder, raw material costs have a large impact on the gross margin of the business as around 70% of our total cost of goods sold is made up of raw materials. In the third quarter, our input costs increases represented a 2% increase in our cost of goods sold, adding approximately $7 million to our cost base. As communicated in Q2, we expected this cost increase to moderate. In fact, increases versus the year ago period were less than half of what we had seen in Q1 and Q2. Despite this increase, we did realize gross margin expansion for the first time in 11 quarters as margin recovery efforts including pricing, manufacturing efficiencies and cost reduction initiatives offset this cost increase. Importantly, we are seeing our current purchases of raw materials at lower price levels, so it is clear that this favorable trend will continue as we work through our higher cost inventory. Notwithstanding this continued positive trend, we still expect input costs to remain at elevated levels, above those, which we saw before the increase is seen in 2008. From an overhead cost standpoint, we continue to make progress. In the quarter, adjusted RSA, which excludes the $5 million charge associated with the change in executive management, increased $2 million year-over-year to $145 million as a result of higher incentive compensation, offset by the effects of a stronger U.S. dollar. As you may recall, last year's incentive comp booked in Q3 was abnormally low. For a more appropriate comparison versus the year ago period, if we exclude the additional incentive comp expense of $10 million and the $4 million benefit related to currency, RSA actually declined $4 million year-over-year, reflecting the benefits of our ongoing cost reduction efforts and restructuring initiatives in the Fragrance business. Within RSA, R&D expenses as a percentage of sales increased slightly to 8.5%. I'm very pleased with the way our organization has responded to the current operating environment, as this performance is a clear indication of our continued disciplined approach to managing costs. Moving to currency, it is important to note that in the third quarter, currency parity continued to negatively impact our results. Looking at the table to the left, while it is clear that the second quarter was our most difficult comparable from the foreign currency perspective, currency parity in the third quarter still represented a headwind. From a sales standpoint, it had a negative $19 million or 3 percentage point impact. From an operating profit standpoint, it represented a $5 million negative impact. As a reminder, we have shown the Euro changes versus the dollar as representative of our currency exposure, as a material portion of the portfolio is Euro-based. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, our comparisons should become more favorable. If rates stay where they are today, our fourth quarter results should actually benefit from the year-over-year comparison, resulting in a positive impact to both our sales and margins. Continuing with foreign currency, the dollar strengthening versus the year ago period over the first three quarters of this year has continued to pressure margins, masking a fundamental improvement in the operations of the business. I have tried to illustrate this issue by highlighting the drivers of change in operating margins in the previous three quarters versus year ago results. I showed this analysis in the second quarter and have updated it to highlight the continued improvement in margin, and more importantly, the improvement in margins excluding the impact of currency parity. In Q3, we have continued our trend of operational improvement. As you can see, the margin improvement due to operations improved 50 basis points versus the year-ago period as a result of price increases and cost reduction efforts. Operating performance is now more than offsetting the negative currency impact, which has been reducing over time. As we look forward, we expect that operational improvement will continue to gain traction, and again that currency will become a tailwind. Turning to our EPS reconciliation, I will not spend a lot of time going through the details; I have already covered all of the topics earlier in this presentation. I would, however, again like to reemphasize the operational performance of the group. As highlighted on the slide, in a challenging operating environment, the IFF team drove strong operational performance, improving EPS by $0.07. When including a net $0.01 benefit associated with interest and other items partially offset by foreign exchange, adjusted EPS grew 11% versus the year-ago adjusted figure. I would also like to provide an update on the recent European Fragrance facility rationalization plan. As we constantly challenge all aspects of our business to improve customer service and enhance profitability, we announced during Q3 that we had initiated a collective consultation process with employee representatives regarding the potential closure of our Fragrances compounding facility in Drogheda, Ireland, as well as the potential partial closure of a portion of a Fragrance Ingredients chemical plant in Haverhill, United Kingdom. More recently, we announced that we have concluded the consultation process and have determined that we will in fact proceed with the facility rationalization plan. As a result, we have concluded negotiations with our Haverhill employees, and entered into negotiations with our Drogheda employees regarding severance packages. We have recorded a $10.5 million provision for severance based on our best estimate of the outcome of these negotiations. We expect to conclude our negotiations in the fourth quarter 2009 and we'll record any adjustment, if necessary, at that point in time. As a reminder, we expect to fully deliver our targeted annual cost savings for the strategic project of $17 million to $20 million annually by 2011. Lastly, turning to our cash flow, we continued to strengthen our financial position as we ended September with $155 million in cash and $92 million in free cash flow, $60 million above the year ago figure. We saw a significant reduction in working capital in the first nine months versus the year ago period, as a reduction in inventories combined with better operating discipline over receivables and payables continued to gain momentum. As a result, cash flow from operations improved by $64 million to $200 million for the first nine months of 2009. Importantly, we were able to more than offset the $33 million decrease in net income to deliver the strong cash flow improvement. In the third quarter alone, I would like to add we experienced a significant improvement in working capital versus year ago performance. Every element of working capital helped support this strong performance. Looking at capital expenditures, I would like to note that we are trending below the $70 million number we communicated in Q2. As a result we now expect capital expenditures to be approximately $65 million. Importantly, we still expect higher spend levels over the next few years as we will focus our investments behind supporting strategic growth with focus in the emerging markets and driving efficiencies by strategically improving our manufacturing and supply chain footprint. As a result, we would expect our future capital expenditures to grow to levels near 4% of sales. Finally, our improved cash flow will also give us some flexibility to consider an additional contribution to our pension plans in Q4 of this year. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect positive trends as external conditions improve that we gain traction against our business initiatives. While predicting near-term economic conditions remain difficult, we believe that we are well-positioned to deliver positive local currency sales growth in the fourth quarter. Both the Flavor and Fragrance teams are expected to drive positive local currency growth, driven by strong new win performance, which will result in solid worldwide performance Regarding input costs, we will continue to see an improving picture. Regarding RSA, we remain committed to driving organizational efficiency in all that we do. Finally, it is important to note that stronger U.S. dollar had one of the single largest negative impacts on our bottom-line results through the first three quarters of 2009. If rates remain where they are today, foreign exchange should now prove to be a positive in the fourth quarter. As a result of the above-mentioned items, we expect adjusted EPS in the fourth quarter to show improvement versus our year ago figure. It is reasonable to expect EPS growth in Q4 to be more in line with our long-term strategic financial goals. Before making some final comments and taking your questions, I do want to spend a moment and reemphasize our strategic priorities. There are three strategies that we pursue in order to increase shareholder value. First, we focus on investing and research to develop innovative materials and delivery systems. Second, we develop a deep understanding of consumers’ preferences and values. And third, we deliver creative expertise to support our Flavor and Fragrance customers. Importantly, we will continue to drive the creation unique, superior, and economically competitive products for the world-class integration of these strategies via executional excellence. An important part of driving that excellence will be our continued commitment to drive manufacturing and supply chain efficiencies throughout our global infrastructure. As an established partner with key global and regional customers, with whom we collaborate to build their brands, we are strongly positioned in the consumer markets of the developed world and the emerging markets. Going forward, the opportunities that lie ahead are real and we have an opportunity to further leverage our strong position in the emerging markets. By focusing on our core competencies of R&D, creative expertise and consumer insight, we are outperforming the industry and have shown an ability to grow faster on a local currency basis. Our organizational culture is one of innovation and continuous improvement, which will provide us with the foundation to achieve our long-term financial objectives. In wrapping up, we are excited that our strategies and focused execution drove a record EPS quarter for our shareholders. This performance is a testament to the passion and commitment of our teams here at IFF. The combination of our global presence and diversified product portfolio, both within Flavors and Fragrances, offers us great growth opportunities that position us well for future success. We continue to be disciplined in driving efficiencies in all that we do, thus ensuring that we will have the ability to improve margins while continuing to support our growth initiatives. Our organization remains strategically aligned and committed to become better tomorrow than we are today. This commitment will ensure that our company will be able to win in a marketplace regardless of what the future might hold. With that, we would be happy to take any questions that you might have.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan has our first question.
Silka Koopf – JPMorgan: Good morning, this is Silka Koopf for Jeff. How are you?
Kevin Berryman: Good morning, Silka, how are you?
Silka Koopf – JPMorgan: I'm doing okay.
Kevin Berryman: Very good.
Silka Koopf – JPMorgan: It seemed there was a lot of emphasis on price this quarter, which also benefited margins. Can you outline what the pricing benefit was in the quarter when we look at your organic 2% improvement in volume on pricing?
Kevin Berryman: Silka, we actually highlighted some of the pricing activity in our second quarter as well. So I don't know that there is an incremental focus on it in this quarter. And as a matter of fact, as we have communicated in the past, our pricing actions that we took, which were kind of at the end of 2008, and in the beginning of 2009, we're starting to lapse some of that. So actually the pricing benefit associated with our Q3 results are starting to decelerate versus the first half of the year. We actually saw volume growth in both of our businesses. And so you can imply from that that the pricing activity is actually declining over time.
Silka Koopf – JPMorgan: When I look at like a 2% organic growth year-over-year, is that then 1% volume, 1% price?
Kevin Berryman: Well, I would say we talked about a 2 plus percent number, and I would say that we had talked pricing in the neighborhood of 2.5% in the past. We're down from that level, and we did see relative volume growth versus year ago period. So we're declining in terms of the impacts of price, specifically in the third quarter. And we would expect that that would continue to be reduced in the fourth quarter of this year and again in 2010 as well. So, yes, some slight volume growth for both of the businesses, with the balance being some pricing.
Silka Koopf – JPMorgan: Okay. In terms of the food flavor sales in North America, which are very strong, up 5% this quarter, is that sustainable that rate given that fourth quarter trends may be more difficult?
Kevin Berryman: And Silka, you are specifically talking in North America?
Silka Koopf – JPMorgan: Yes.
Kevin Berryman: Flavors. I think ultimately it is the level of performance that we have seen in Flavors in North America, specifically, there is a long track record of very, very strong performance. So whether or not this is that much higher than what we have been able to show historically, I'm not sure exactly that's the case. But I think we have a long track record of performing very well in North American Flavors, driven specifically by some strong performance in Savory. I would ask Hernan to add any insight if he feels appropriate. But I think we actually have a strong track record of good solid growth in that particular region in Flavors.
Hernan Vaisman: Thank you, Kevin. Yes, I agree with Kevin and we have a very good track record. Specifically, I mean, these track records are coming from new wins as I explained before. So in some way I expect to keep on I mean this trend going forward.
Silka Koopf – JPMorgan: Okay. And if I can ask a last question on cost savings and I'll get back into queue. How much of the $17 million to $20 million run rate do you expect to achieve in 2010? I understand that you try to get the full amount by 2011, given that the plants are being shut down and the people will roll off, there should be benefits in 2010 that are measurable? And you can achieve half of that or can you explain if there are any offsets, why you wouldn't see some of these benefits in 2010?
Kevin Berryman: Yes, the bulk of the savings obviously is driven by the plant closure and that ultimately doesn't fully occur until the end of next year. So the bulk of the savings really are going to be realized over the course of the 2011 year. What we said is that we will realize the full benefits in 2011 specifically. There may be some incremental benefits over the course of 2010, but we will have some transition costs as well that could potentially offset those. So we're not calling for a significant improvement in 2010. As we get closer and we see how the transition is playing out, we could provide some better insight. But I wouldn't necessarily count on some substantial improvements in 2010, as it relates to that restructuring, given that the plant closure ultimately happens near the end of the year.
Silka Koopf – JPMorgan: Thanks. I'll get back in the queue.
Kevin Berryman: Thanks, Silka.
Operator: (Operator instructions). We'll go next from KeyBanc we'll go to Mike Sison.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Hi, guys, nice quarter.
Kevin Berryman: Good morning, Mike. Thank you.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: In terms of Fine and Beauty, you started to see, looks like in most of the regions except for Europe, some pretty good improvement year-over-year. Has the inventory destocking in Europe started to abate? And then to some degree, what are your customers there talking about in terms of the holiday season? And then when organic sales growth turns positive for Fine Fragrances, how much of a profit impact is that on the business? That's my one nice question.
Kevin Berryman: Okay. Well, look, let's take the European discussion first. Look, in terms of the Fine and Beauty Care part of the business, specifically, Europe and North America were those regions most impacted by the Fine situation. That's where the large customer base is, and so clearly that is where we have seen the biggest pressure points in terms of the Fine Fragrance business. I think clearly the improvement in the Q3 performance is certainly potentially some underlying demand, but certainly a big part of an elimination of destocking. Our customers have continued to act in a way that it appears that there's not much inventory left in the system, and so whether or not there is still an ability to drive down inventories or not is we're not exactly clear. But I think that at the end of the day, we're not necessarily counting on our Fine Fragrance business returning to normalcy for us to be successful. I think Nicolas talked about that in his comments .It's still a fluid situation; it still has implications as it relates to the Christmas season, and what's going to ultimately happen from that perspective. And so it's unclear that we're going to get back to any kind of normal growth environment from that perspective. So I think that would be a high-class part at least from our perspective if we're able to realize growth in that business in the very near future. It does impact our margin profile. It is one of our highest margin businesses. We haven't gone into specifically the implications on what the margin profile is. But as you have seen the mix dynamic over the course of the last 18 months be negative, if Fine would start to become positive in terms of its business, we'd see a positive mix going into different direction. Nicolas any other comments to add?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Good morning, Michael. As Kevin was saying, it is very difficult to predict at this time. We know that the outlook is uncertain at this moment. And Christmas being such a big part of the total year revenue for partners, I think it will be a mixed milestone or barometer to understand the strength of consumer demand in that category. We probably see more destocking happening in the U.S., which is more centralized in terms of the retail landscape than in Europe. So we saw some improvement because of the destocking in Fine Fragrance.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Okay. Thank you.
Kevin Berryman: Thanks Mike.
Operator: We'll go to Oppenheimer's Edward James [ph].
Edward James -- Oppenheimer: Hi, good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Berryman: Good morning, Ed. How are you doing?
Edward James -- Oppenheimer: Good. On Functional Fragrance, local currency up 10%. What drove that? Was that market share gains or a big product launch? And would there be any similar lumpiness on the upside in the upcoming quarters?
Kevin Berryman: Yes, I think Nicolas commented a little bit on that in his commentary. I'll turn it over to Nicolas to provide some reemphasis on some of the key drivers.
Nicolas Mirzayantz: Good morning. What is important is first of all across all the regions, across all the subcategories within Functional Fragrances, and we had a strong pipeline of new introduction across the board. So I'm pleased to see that it's really across the different categories and across different regions, and across different segments of customers.
Edward James -- Oppenheimer: Nicolas, just to follow up. I mean the category itself isn't growing 10% local currency. Is it globally?
Nicolas Mirzayantz: No, it is not. But we're gaining a lot of market share in that category at the moment.
Edward James -- Oppenheimer: Okay, great. On the Flavor side, you mentioned some isolated weakness in Latin America and Asia, would like some additional detail there. And one of your competitors I think previously noted that there were some delayed product launches, especially within Beverages. Are you seeing that as well?
Kevin Berryman: Ed, just a couple of quick comments before I turn it over to Hernan. Look, I think that you have to put certainly the third quarter performance also within the context of a long-term historical level of growth that we've been realizing in this business. And there were some isolated pieces that Hernan has alluded to, which impacted the numbers for Q3. We fundamentally believe that the underlying strength of our portfolio and our position in new win performance is going to translate into continued strong growth going forward. Perhaps, Hernan, I don't know if there is any other things to add, but certainly, we're feeling good about our position in that particular part of the world.
Hernan Vaisman: In fact, I mean, you explained very well, Kevin. Basically was two isolated cases, one in Latin America, where we decided to walk away from non-strategic business, I mean low-margin business, we decided not to compete in this business. And the other one was specifically in one country in Asia. It was the first time that over-stocking and this customer which is a key for us in Asia, went through de-stocking process. But I think the key elements in this is what Kevin mentioned. I mean we have been growing very fast in the last two years, three years in the Beverage category. It's a key category for us. We were growing at double-digit growth in almost all regions. So the key element here is that (inaudible) to keep on growing.
Edward James -- Oppenheimer: That's very helpful. What about just the overall market? Are customers delaying any product launches?
Kevin Berryman: Look, I think that our customers have continued to be prudent in terms of the current economic environment of which they've been operating. However, we continue to be seeing a lot of activity as it relates to requests for innovation, requests for innovation relative to becoming more efficient in terms of how we're interacting with them. So, there is a desire for our customers to continue to win, and win ultimately means some level of innovation. Whether or not there is a marked change as it relates to delays, I'm not so sure we could say that in a total affirmation basis, but there are one-off examples of certainly that happening.
Edward James -- Oppenheimer: Thank you for your help.
Operator: (Operator instructions). We'll move next to Lauren Lieberman of Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman -- Barclays Capital: Great. Thank you. First, just following up on the questions around Flavors in Latin America and Asia. So first-off, Asia didn't really seem like much of a change in trend to begin with it. So I wanted to know if this sort of isolated weakness has already been in play for several quarters so we're nearing the end of it. And then with respect to Latin America, where there was a significant sequential change in trend, should we think about that as sort of lasting through the flow of top line for another three quarters, until you lap that decision to walk away from the business?.
Kevin Berryman: Thanks for the question, Lauren. I think the actual discussion on Greater Asia is the fundamentals are very strong there. And there just was this one particular issue that has impacted our results. So if anything, we would have been reporting a stronger robust picture for Q3. So that's what we're trying to communicate there. In terms --
Lauren Lieberman -- Barclays Capital: I'm sorry, Kevin, but I'm understanding is that in Q1 and Q2, and broadly speaking, demand in Asia has still been pretty strong, right? Recession or no recession, it's been strong sort of throughout. So that business also only posted 1% or 2% growth in the first half. So to what we can see it doesn't look like a change in trend.
Kevin Berryman: And what we're trying to communicate is that there really is a change in trend.
Lauren Lieberman -- Barclays Capital: Okay.
Kevin Berryman: This was the last most recent periods because there was unique aspects of Q3. That's what we're trying to communicate.
Lauren Lieberman -- Barclays Capital: And then Latin America, should there be that similar kind of drag for the next three quarters?
Kevin Berryman: No, I don't think we're expecting that kind of drag. There are some one-offs that Hernan has alluded to, but we're also seeing good win performance as well. So while we certainly will have some implications of those businesses kind of going forward, they are being quickly replaced and then some.
Lauren Lieberman -- Barclays Capital: Okay. And then in terms of margin expectations, gross margin specifically, should we think of this sort of rate of gross margin improvement in the quarter when we look forward, should that be increasing because the benefit of inflation turning to deflation is greater than the winding down of pricing?
Kevin Berryman: Let me talk about Q4 specifically. Q4 tends to be one of our smaller quarters in terms of sales as you know. Let's call the gross margin, at the gross margin line there is some fixed cost absorption issues you need to think about. So the fact that there is less flow through on the top line will have some negative impact vis-à-vis other quarters in the year, just because we have less money flowing through the pipes so to speak. So there is going to be a dynamic there. There will be a positive associated with certainly the input cost continuing to be down, but again, that's going to be offset to some extent by the continuing reduction in the benefits of the pricing as we've talked about. So I'm not so sure the fourth quarter is one where we would be able to say there's a significant acceleration in gross margin improvement versus year ago, although we would expect that we will continue to show improvement.
Lauren Lieberman -- Barclays Capital: Okay. And then finally, I was actually going to ask about the traditional seasonality in revenues. Might Q4 be I guess not quite as smaller percentage of the full year as usually is, because retailers and then thus manufacturers are delaying some of their Q4 purchases, right? Everything we hear about is that everyone is sort of being cautious, so orders are getting placed closer to the actual holiday season versus in Q3? And that should also impact your business, and I would think even at this point in the quarter you may be seeing some of that? So --
Kevin Berryman: I think that the bulk of kind of the business that we see that is impacting the fourth quarter actions associated with our customers, specifically in the Fine area, the very, very large majority of that is occurring in the third quarter. There may be some minor stuff that occurs in the fourth quarter, but I would not give you an indication that there's going to be a significant rollover into the fourth quarter as there has been a delay of purchases from our customers. Given the supply chain, most of that is happening in our third quarter. And so I wouldn't necessarily give you a direction that there is a corresponding kick in the fourth quarter as it relates to this delay mechanism, relative to the upcoming holiday period.
Lauren Lieberman -- Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thank you.
Kevin Berryman: Sure.
Operator: We'll move on to John Roberts of Buckingham Research.
John Roberts -- Buckingham Research: Could you give us an update on the timing of when Doug Tough becomes fully focused on IFF?
Kevin Berryman: Sure, John. Good morning. How are you?
John Roberts -- Buckingham Research: Good, thanks.
Kevin Berryman: We made the announcement in the beginning of September, and at that point in time, Doug had a commitment with his existing company that he had to give a six-month notice period. And so we are abiding by that process. What Doug is doing is working with the Ansell Board in a deliberate and thoughtful process to ensure that they have an appropriate transition and to help support their shareholders and the dynamics associated with that company. We're abiding by that. We hope that, that process will translate into an ability for Doug to get here sooner as opposed to later, but that's still being worked through. And we respect the requirements that Ansell, the Ansell Board and their shareholders have, as it relates to making sure they are taking care of business, as it relates to the transition. So Doug is currently our Non-Executive Chair, as I mentioned in the preliminary comments, and we're happy that he is here in that capacity. So he is adding value from that perspective, and we would hope that he will certainly be able to be here before the end of the first quarter of 2010. But that's all we can really say at this particular point in time, as they work through that process.
John Roberts -- Buckingham Research: Secondly, I don't know if you can tell us, but are there any major strategic studies underway? Do you have the McKenzie guys inside doing any focused work or anything like that?
Kevin Berryman: Well, look, let me answer the question in the following manner. The change in executive management is not driven by a fundamental difference of opinion, as it relates to our strategies. Our strategies are well-defined. Doug has been a Board member over the last year. He has been involved in those strategic discussions, and so as we sit here today, we're not providing any indication that there is a strategic redirection that's being considered. Organic growth is going to continue to be a very important part of our value proposition to our shareholders. We certainly have shown an ability to do that in the past, and we expect that we will continue to do it in the future. So, clearly, as Doug comes on board and becomes more integrated into our business, we'll be able to work through any potential adjustments as necessary relative to that. But certainly where we are right now and as we have communicated in this call, we're aligned and we're executing fully against that aligned strategy.
John Roberts -- Buckingham Research: Okay. And then maybe a more detailed operational question. The strength that you had in Savory, is that in meat products, or is that in snack foods that have meat flavoring? And I ask that because there has been a lot of volatility in the meat supply chain and I don't know whether that is somehow backing up or affecting Savory flavors.
Kevin Berryman: I would say that Savory flavors has been strong for an extended period of time, but I will say that we've actually seen some strength in some of the meat based as well. We have done some new work in that particular area on beef notes and chicken notes and then we're seeing good traction as it relates to those specific initiatives. So Savory is certainly a big part of the drive, but we have actually seen some success in the other area as well.
John Roberts -- Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Silka Koopf in line has another follow-up question and they are from JPMorgan.
Silka Koopf – JPMorgan: Yes, thank you. So in fragrances if I look year-over-year, I think the sales were down $2 million, and the profits were up $2 million. And what you have told me previously is that your pricing is beginning to weaken and that raw material costs are up, and that there are no benefits from the shut down of these compounding plants until the end of 2010. So how did you do it?
Kevin Berryman: How did we do the margin improvement?
Silka Koopf – JPMorgan: Yes, your sales were down, and your profits were up.
Kevin Berryman: Well, we were diligent in terms of some of the restructuring initiatives that have already been discussed in previous quarters. Those are coming through in terms of reduced levels of research, selling, specifically, administrative costs. We have seen continued efficiencies in terms of our factories. We are continually trying to drive efficiency and productivity in that area. And of course, we have some benefits associated with a proactive stand taken relative to pricing in late 2008, early 2009. So all of that translated into us being aggressive and proactive in terms of recognizing the environment, which we were operating in, and ensuring that we had the appropriate cost structure and base to make sure that we competed appropriately, and we're able to deliver margin enhancements in that environment. It hasn't been easy, but it has taken strong effort through the organization.
Silka Koopf – JPMorgan: Is this sort of like a target of cost savings from previous restructurings that you are trying to achieve in 2009 that you may have taken out this year?
Kevin Berryman: Yes, I think if you look at the RSA expenses, we keep talking about this $4 million reduction versus year ago kind of numbers. And on a quarterly basis it's $4 million versus year ago. That adds up to some pretty big numbers on an annual basis. And so those kind of expectations we are holding ourselves to in terms of delivering incremental efficiencies into the organization.
Silka Koopf – JPMorgan: Like on an annualized basis, that sort of like $16 million, which is similar to what I guess tried to achieve with the new efforts as well.
Kevin Berryman: Yes.
Silka Koopf – JPMorgan: Okay. And one question of clarification. Were there any pension contributions in the third quarter? And how much do you expect to contribute in the fourth quarter?
Kevin Berryman: As we noted in the presentation, Silka, we have a very strong cash flow that we've been able to realizing over the course of the first nine months. It's putting us in a position where we're feeling comfortable about some incremental contributions to the U.S. plant specifically. We're in the evaluation process as it relates to that, but we're thinking in the neighborhood of $20 million incremental contribution in the fourth quarter.
Silka Koopf – JPMorgan: That's all I have. Thanks very much.
Operator: Mike Sison of Keybanc has a follow-up question as well. Please go ahead.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Hey, guys, quick follow-up. Kevin, in terms of your outlook for the fourth quarter, you talked about sort of returning back to the long-term goal in terms of EPS growth and that has historically been 10% plus. For the fourth quarter of '08 you did $0.62, but at $0.12 sort of special items. So are you using the $0.62 or the $0.50 to grow that sort of that outlook in earnings for the fourth quarter?
Kevin Berryman: When we talk we're always talking on an adjusted basis, Mike.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Okay. So the $0.50. Then in order to hit that 10% plus growth, you've talked about historically that you need to grow local currency 4% plus. So is that sort of the general outlook for growth for the fourth quarter, to achieve type of earnings growth?
Kevin Berryman: No, we didn't specifically give an indication of growth other than it was going to be positive. But we think that those objectives that we've talked about in the past are kind of longer-term dynamics and objectives that we are pointing to, Mike. They don't necessarily mean that that's what’s going to happen in the fourth quarter specifically. And given the dynamics of reduction in our cost structure and the pricing activities that have been taken, there are some unique circumstances that are occurring in the fourth quarter versus kind of what be historically the norm. So don't necessarily assume that, that kind of falls into the longer-term picture.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Eric Sjogren of Morgan Stanley has our next question.
Eric Sjogren -- Morgan Stanley: Yes, hi, this is Eric Sjogren from Morgan Stanley here.
Kevin Berryman: Hi, Eric.
Eric Sjogren -- Morgan Stanley: Hi. I had three quick questions. First, could you comment a bit on customer behavior if you split it between your global (inaudible) national customers and your local ones, in terms of stock levels and innovation trends et cetera? Is there a valid split between those two? And secondly, on your cost realignment plans, is there also within this an intention to move towards kind of a product realignment? I'm thinking here more specifically about Fragrance Ingredients which has been volatile. Are you moving away from lower-margin products here? How should we some kind of portfolio rationalization impacting the sales over the next couple of quarters? Would there be any margin impact from that? And then finally, I just wanted to know on the working capital improvement, to what extent, is this driven by low raw material costs and/or actual volume decreases in the actual inventories? Thanks.
Kevin Berryman: Okay. I'll take your three headed question in the order. As it relates to customers, I don't know that we would distinguish specifically between how some of the global players are playing versus the regional players other than the fact that it's very clear in our mind that many of the large consumer packaged goods companies as they are approaching their business today are rethinking about how to drive volume. Certainly, they benefited from taking pricing actions, historically speaking, and they feel as if it's important given the economic environment, which they are competing to be probably a little bit more focused on driving volume growth. We think that actually bodes well for us as we continue to work with them to help support that volume growth. In terms of the product realignment, we do that all the time actually. We're always focusing on evaluating our current portfolio of materials and whether or not there is lower margin items that we should consider exiting. And so that's an ongoing process that we have. So I'm not so sure that there's an incremental piece that we're facing. And then finally on working capital, certainly, the costs of raw materials coming down and help support. But as a matter of fact, at the end of the day, the material driver to our inventory levels are actually lower volumes in terms of the actual levels inventory.
Eric Sjogren -- Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Go back to Lauren Lieberman of Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman -- Barclays Capital: Thanks. Just a quick one. Ingredient sales, I had sort of asked this offline when you guys talked about ingredient sales being one of the expected contributors to this quarter's better performance. So, looking forward, I have always wondered if seeing Ingredient sales pick-up can be thought of a precursor to a pick-up in compound sales. I know that business is generally lumpy overtime. But I thought maybe in this environment it may actually be a sort of leading indicator. So can you comment on that and sort of what you are seeing in terms of Ingredient sales at this point of the fourth quarter?
Kevin Berryman: I would say I hope you are right in terms of the precursor. I think that in general, our businesses, as both Hernan and Nicolas have described, are started from a strong perspective off to a good start. And hopefully that will continue. But whether or not that's going to be ultimately a precursor, I certainly hope you are right. But I'm not exactly sure that that will be the case. I think at the end of the day, we're seeing is that destocking in the categories of our customers is certainly coming to an end, and that's having an ability for us to have a more reasonable kind of growth dynamic going forward. So there's still a lot of noise in those numbers, Lauren, because of that destocking versus non-destocking issue.
Lauren Lieberman -- Barclays Capital: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
Kevin Berryman: Sure.
Operator: From Granahan Investment Management, we'll go to Susan McGarry.
Susan McGarry -- Granahan Investment Management: Hi, I just want to revisit a previous question, and that was about product launches, Because a couple of companies in your space are serving similar customers have made a distinction between product development activity and product launches. And they have said that they definitely seen their customers being much more conservative on product launches. So I just wanted to be clear about what you have been seeing about launches versus product development. And then second part of the question is about competitive wins, and I'm curious about who you are gaining share from? Thanks.
Kevin Berryman: Look, let me make the point in terms of the customer activity and level as it relates to their product launches. Clearly, as we said, they are being prudent in terms of their introductions. There's no doubt about it. And I think that there has long been a desire to throw out innovation out there and have new items every other moment. And I think that there is certainly a belief that they need to be thinking about being a little bit more thoughtful as it relates to that. I do think though that there is still continuing to be innovation and a desire to drive business, so I wouldn't necessarily disagree. I guess maybe the context of your question is effectively there's a nuance associated with it, but certainly customers are being thoughtful. I'm going to say (inaudible) word I would use as it relates to how they are approaching the environment in which they are competing today.
Susan McGarry -- Granahan Investment Management: Okay. And on market share competitive wins?
Kevin Berryman: Well, look, at the end of the day, it's difficult to say because there is not exactly great information as it relates to the industry information. But given the number of opportunities that are presented to us and given our win rates as it relates to those opportunities, the percentage is certainly greater than our current expected levels of share. So that's translating into us winning longer-term.
Michael DeVeau: We have time for one more question.
Operator: And actually it appears that was our last question. I will turn the conference back over to you for closing remarks.
Kevin Berryman: Great. Well, look, thanks everyone for spending some time with us this morning. As you can tell we felt pretty good about the ability for us to drive some improvements in our margins and growth for this Q3 and we hope it's a harbinger of things to come. So we look forward to following up and seeing you soon as it relates to further discussions on IFF. Thanks for the time.
Operator: And again, that does conclude today's conference, and we thank you all for joining us.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael DeVeau - IR Manager Rob Amen - Chairman and CEO Kevin Berryman - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Silke Kueck-Valdes - JPMorgan John Roberts - Buckingham Research Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances second quarter 2009 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions), I would now like to introduce Michael DeVeau, Investor Relations Manager. You may begin.
Michael DeVeau: Thank you, operator and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. With me on the call is Rob Amen, Chairman and CEO; and Kevin Berryman, Executive Vice President and CFO. Our call today is being will recorded and will be available for playback on our website at iff.com. We are also broadcasting the call live on our website. Please keep in mind that during this call we may make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today so they may contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that could cause actually results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements I ask you to refer to our cautionary statement and risk factors contained in today's press release and on IFF's website at SEC filings. Some of today's prepared remarks will exclude those items that affect comparability. These items laid out in our non-GAAP reconciliations, which are also available under the website of IFF. With that let me turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Amen: Thank you, Mike, and thank you, [Miranda]. Good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to have a couple of new IFFers joining me today. You've just heard from Michael DeVeau, who recently joined us in the Investor Relations job. We're happy Michael has joined us. Equally I'm pleased to have with me Kevin Berryman, our Executive Vice President and CFO. Kevin joined IFF in May after a 25-year career with [First Carnation] and then Nestle. During his career at Nestle he served as the CFO of Purina and served Nestle at corporate office as Group Controller. Kevin brings tremendous talent, energy, and experience to IFF, Kevin welcome. Let me turn to comments on our second quarter. Kevin will follow with a more in-depth analysis of the financial results and then I'll wrap it up at the end. First, turning to our Flavors business. While the Flavors business unit progressed nicely this quarter, sales were up only slightly versus a year ago. However, the sales increase in the second quarter 2008 was up 8% in local terms. The largest quarterly increase of any quarter since the business unit was established in 2007. So I believe being up only slightly is very positive in this setting. Growth was reported nicely in Asia, Latin America, and in North America. Europe was the only region not reporting growth. The sales growth importantly was driven by new wins and higher volumes in existing products, with Europe's weakness being the only offset. Very importantly, operating margins in this business improved 60 basis points as a result of the wins, price adjustments, cost containment, and offset by higher material costs and a weaker product mix. I'm certainly pleased with the progress our flavor team has made, Flavor has been and remains on a path of success. Fragrance business, well, it struggled as you know in the past couple of quarters and it struggled this quarter with local currency sales down 7%. This was caused by the significant erosion in the global fine fragrance market and the related sales of ingredients to that market. Yes, luxury goods continue to suffer negative comparisons as consumers refrain or defer from discretionary spending. It's important I think to note that the Functional Fragrance and Beauty Care Fragrance sales were positive. Kevin will provide more details on all this later. Our Fragrance team is doing a good job both in meeting customer needs and adapting its cost structure to this environment. The staple related fragrances are showing positive momentum. However, fine fragrance remains a serious drag. We do not foresee a meaningful recovery in the fine fragrance market this year. Will there be some improvement? Yes, undoubtedly. But I don't want to characterize it as a strong recovery. Kevin will address the drivers to the margin declines in the Fragrance business and what's being done to improve that later in the presentation. So what are the key takeaways for the quarter? Well, first, the Flavors business continues to deliver good results. It's doing well and has a lot of good momentum. The margin expansion seen in the second quarter is important. Secondly the Fragrance business is a tale of two markets. In Functional Fragrance we are progressing where we have targeted, in Fabric Care and Personal Wash. However, the fine fragrance continues to suffer from weak retail demand and inventory correction. This is a significant negative to the top line as well as down through the P&L. Third, our margin improvement initiatives are gaining traction. All the initiatives we've spoken of in the past, price recovery, formula shifts, overhead reduction, and more are helping to offset the foreign exchange and materials cost pressures we suffered in the second quarter. Yes, we're improving. But we have more work to do to meet our goals. Lastly and importantly, our customer project pipeline is 5%, 10% greater in number and value than this time last year. This is encouraging in terms of the growth potential. However, it's also a burden on our current period cost structure. All in all, I believe we're headed in the right direct. We've also announced a restructuring charge. And this charge basically reflects a streamlining in our Fragrance business. We regret losing these talented people but need to adjust our cost structure to the current and expected environment. We continue to study options to reduce costs further and improve our efficiencies. We see additional opportunities to improve. Now let me turn this over to Kevin for him to share his analysis. Kevin?
Kevin Berryman: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to start out by saying I am very excited to be here at IFF. While the environment is a challenging one, I'm encouraged by the actions that Rob and his leadership team have taken over the last 12 months that are now beginning to show traction. I look forward to building on their achievements by adding value through business partnering, providing transparency, improving discipline in our processes and providing strong leadership to the finance organization. Having spent a long time in the food industry, I understand the value proposition that IFF can provide to the consumer package goods companies. As a result, I am convinced that the organization will continue to manage through the current environment and be even better positioned for future growth and margin expansion. That said I would like to spend some time providing you with additional insight into our second-quarter performance. To start, it is clear that our financial results are indicative that we are operating in a tough business environment. Our top line sales were impacted resulting in local currency and reported sales growth of minus 4% and minus 11% respectively. The resulting pressure on margins was very real as our operating profit margins fell by 140 basis points to 15.1% on an adjusted basis. However, our increased focus on costs and productivity initiatives has helped provide a sequential improvement in both operating profit and operating margin versus the first quarter. We have seen controllable costs decrease, which will help support improved margin leverage as we look to see future growth. This more focused effort against cost discipline has allowed us to help mitigate some of the short-term margin pressures, but more importantly, it has provided the company additional flexibility to maintain the necessary level of growth investments that is so very important for our future. These steps are resulting in the company being able to realize improved operational performance, which not only helped address the short-term challenges but lay a stronger foundation for future success. Let's start by looking at the recent sales trends in our business. Looking at the last four quarters of local currency sales growth, it is encouraging to see that the majority of our business segments have remained stable despite the challenging environment. Over the last four quarters, both our Flavors and Functional Fragrance segments have continued to realize positive local currency sales performance. More recently, we have seen significant weakness in our Fine and Beauty Care business. This weakness is entirely driven by the Fine Fragrance portion of the business as we continue to see sharp declines in retail purchases as well as supply chain contraction. In the second quarter, these pressures in Fine Fragrance intensified resulting in Fine and Beauty being down 16% in local currency sales. Within this category, our developed country positions were hit the hardest. The fact that Fine Fragrance was weak also had a dampening impact on the associated fragrance ingredients business, which as you know, provides many materials to the Fine Fragrance business. The ingredients business ended up being down 13%. It is important to note that excluding the Fine Fragrance portion of the Fine and Beauty Care category, Beauty Care showed positive local currency growth. Our Latin American greater regions also showed solid growth while the European region was quite weak. The key takeaway here is that a large portion of our product portfolio is exhibiting stability, and it is Fine Fragrance and Ingredients, which continue to most hamper overall results. Going forward as customer de-stocking issues subside and our Fine Fragrance business becomes more stable, we would expect more positive results. In fact, we can say that we saw improving trends in the business as we ended the quarter. Before leaving this slide, I would like to remind you that these figures now include our revised and updated figures of local currency growth. Which incorporate the impact of foreign currency fluctuations versus the dollar in the calculation of local currency sales growth in certain Latin American countries. We have made this change as it has become evident that a greater portion of business in Latin America has been transacted in currencies other than the US dollar. Note that this revision does not result in our previously reported consolidated local currency growth rates, changing in any of the quarters of 2008 and only a minor change in the consolidated results of the first quarter of 2009. For your benefit I have also provided more details and a backup to this presentation. Transitioning to individual business performance, Flavors results were solid especially when considering the challenging environment. Looking at the top line, local currency sales growth was slightly positive. This marks the 16th consecutive quarter of local currency sales growth. We believe that this accomplishment provides a clear indication that IFF is winning in the flavors industry. We saw good commercial performance in North America as our Savory business showed strong double-digit sales growth. Latin America also showed strong 8% local currency sales growth, and greater Asia growth was less pronounced but still positive. Overall our Savory business was the strongest segment on a global basis. The European region was the weakest performing region, which is attributable to lower end use consumption and further inventory contractions by our customers. Higher input costs of over $7million and weaker mix did negatively impact profitability. However, margin recovery efforts, including price increases and cost reduction initiatives more than offset these negative impacts. In fact, gross margin percentage improved year-over-year. This helped support the Flavors operating margin, increasing by 60 basis points to 20.2% with an additional sequential improvement of 30 basis points versus the first quarter of 2009. Overall, we are very pleased with the performance of our Flavors business. And looking forward as Rob noted, our project pipeline remains very healthy. Interestingly we are seeing an increase in new [breeds] that are focused on innovation that provides cost reduction opportunities for our customers. Turning to our Fragrance business. As noted earlier, our Fine Fragrance and Ingredients business continues to negatively impact overall results. While not discounting the pressure that this has placed on our top and bottom line performance, we do believe that our strong new win performance is actually driving our performance in Fine Fragrance to levels that are above the overall performance of the category. As for the other categories, the positive local currency growth for our Beauty Care business mentioned earlier was driven by solid hair care performance, toiletries was also positive. Functional Fragrances grew 3% as new product wins and volume gains in Fabric and Personal Wash offset any erosion. Both Fabric Care and Personal Wash exhibited solid growth. This was somewhat offset by weakness in homecare, specifically air fresheners. From a profit basis; operating profit margins decreased by 460 basis points to 11.7% in the quarter, including the gross restructuring costs of $5 million that is related to the Fragrance business. Excluding this charge, our adjusted operating profit margin would have been 13.3%. The decline in margin was driven by lower volume and unfavorable mix due to the falloff in Fine Fragrance, higher input costs and the impact of the strengthening in value of the dollar. Mitigating these pressures, margin recovery efforts including price increases and cost reduction initiatives gained traction. We are also executing against the targeted restructuring effort to adjust our business model in light of the current weakness in the industry. In this current operating environment, our Fragrance team is making progress. The focus on reducing costs has not diminished our efforts to win in the marketplace. Our new win performances at record levels and our creativity is being recognized by industry professionals. Most recently at the end of May, IFF graciously accepted five out of eight FiFi awards, including the top two awards for best new fragrance of the year for men and women. While the figures are not great for our fragrance business, we are proud of the team's performance in light of challenging conditions. We are confident that we are taking the necessary steps in order to be stronger in the future. To provide a greater contextual understanding of our performance I would like to dive a little deeper on input costs, richer sales and administrative costs and currency. My hope is to give a better understanding of how our operational performance is trending and that our steps being taken now will lead to improvements in performance in the future. Turning to input costs. We still are seeing a year-over-year increase in the P&L driven primarily by the fluctuations in raw material cost. Our costs have also increased sequentially over the last four quarters. This has had a large impact on the gross margin of the business as around 70% of our total cost of goods sold is raw materials. In the second quarter, our input costs increase has represented another strong mid-single digit increase in our cost of goods, adding approximately $15 million to our cost base. While this increase has been mitigated to some extent by margin recovery efforts, again including pricing, and cost reduction initiatives, gross margin did fall from year-ago levels albeit at a lesser rate than we saw in the first quarter of 2009. Importantly we are seeing our current purchases of raw materials that are flowing into inventory at lower price levels. So it is clear that we will realize some improvements in this area in the quarters to come. Nonetheless our input costs will continue to remain at levels above those which we saw before the increase is seen in 2008. From an overhead cost standpoint, we are also making progress. In the quarter, research, selling, and administrative expenses which we call RSA decreased $19 million year-over-year reflecting benefits of ongoing cost reduction efforts and the impact of a stronger US dollar, both of which accounted for about 50% of that reduction. Please note that our second quarter includes $1 million related to employee separation costs compared to $3 million in 2008. Excluding these one-time costs and the impact of the stronger dollar, RSA expenditures were still lower as a percent of sales versus the prior year quarter. In an environment where top line sales fell 4% and 11% respectively on a local currency and reported basis, this accomplishment is an indication of our prudent approach to managing costs. Within RSA, research and development expenses as a percent of sales dropped slightly to 8.6%. This was primarily driven by tight cost control on applied research and development and basic R&D. The largest absolute reduction in costs in RSA, however, came from the selling and administrative portions of the organization, which accounted for nearly two-thirds of the non-currency related reduction in RSA. Moving to currency, it is important to note that the strengthening dollar had the single largest impact on our second quarter EPS. Looking at the table to the left, it is clear that the second quarter was our most difficult comparable from a foreign currency perspective. From a sales standpoint, currency had a negative $44 million or seven percentage point impact. From an operating profit standpoint, it represented $12 million negative impact and it represented a $0.16 negative impact on EPS. As a material portion of the portfolio is zero based, the 15% year-over-year weakening versus the US dollar had a material impact on the P&L. Looking ahead to the balance of the year, our comparisons should become more favorable going forward. If rates stay where they are today, our third-quarter results should be less negatively impacted by this issue. Importantly the foreign currency pressures we are seeing are masking as fundamental improvement on the fundamental of the business. I have tried to illustrate this issue by highlighting the drivers to the changes in operating margins in Q1 versus year ago and comparing that to the change in operating margin in Q2, also versus year ago. Looking at the first column, in the first quarter of 2009 our operational performance excluding the impacts of currency resulted in our margin falling 160 basis points versus the prior year. Currency impacts accounted for another 50 basis points of margin loss or less than 25% of the total margin erosion. In the second quarter of 2009, this ratio was reversed, with currency now representing the primary driver to the margin falloff. Importantly, the margin falloff due to operational performance in the second quarter of 2009 versus year ago was reduced significantly to 50 basis points as our margin recovery efforts gained traction. In the second quarter the currency impact now accounted for 90 basis points of the margin falloff or 65% of the margin reduction. The key takeaway here, the trends in comparable margin performance are fundamentally improving. Turning to our EPS reconciliation, we start from a reported base of $0.83 and deduct the $0.02 benefit relating to favorable tax settlements, net of employee separation costs that we're seeing in the second quarter of 2008. On a comparable basis, our second quarter 2008 EPS was $0.81. You may also recall that our Q2 EPS results last year represented the highest ever recorded levels of EPS for IFF. Versus that record performance, our net commercial performance resulted in a minimal negative penny impact to our EPS as volume softness and mix issues were mitigated by new wins, margin recovery efforts, again including pricing and operational efficiencies. Input costs had $0.13 negative impact, and the reduction in RSA cost base added $0.10 to EPS. While we are never happy with the reduction in EPS versus our prior year quarter, it is clear that operational actions were taken to mitigate the impacts of the current environment. These actions have allowed the company to limit the impact to our reported results. At the end of the day, the operational performance of the company resulted in EPS falling only $0.04 from the record results of last year. As we evaluate further the drivers to our EPS variance, we again see that foreign exchange played a key role of reducing EPS by $0.16 versus the year-ago period. Tax and interest partially offset this foreign exchange issue as a lower effective tax rate of 26.1% for the quarter, and lower interest cost of $4 million added $0.04 to the EPS. Finally, our second quarter 2009 adjusted EPS was $0.65, excluding the net $4 million restructuring and employee separation costs. Including these net restructuring costs, reported EPS was $0.61. Relating to the above noted restructuring, we recorded a net pretax charge of $4.1 million in the second quarter. This amount includes $6.6 million for severance and related costs associated with the elimination of approximately 70 positions globally, less a $2.5 million reduction to our previously recorded provision. The reduction of prior reserves is attributable to lower estimated benefit costs on severance paid as well as fewer position eliminations requiring severance as attrition was greater than expected. The current reserve is being established to cover reductions primarily related to our Fragrance business. The position eliminations are expected to generate approximately $9 million in annual savings once completed during the third quarter of this year. This is another example of our commitment to continuously evaluate our business model within the context of the current business environment. We believe that taking these actions now will allow us to more effectively compete longer term. Lastly, turning to our cash flow. We continued to strengthen our financial position as we ended the half with $164 million in cash and $30 million in free cash flow. Note that I am using a rather restrictive definition of free cash flow after recognizing dividend and capital expenditure funding requirements. We consider those obligations to support both our business and our shareholders. We saw a reduction in the growth of working capital over the first six months versus year ago as internal supply chain process improvements began to pay dividends. Inventories fell nearly $50 million over the course of the six-month period. As a result, operating cash flow increased $9 million year-over-year from $79 million to $88 million. Excluding the $18 million gain related to an interest rate swap benefit in 2008, operating cash actually grew $27 million versus a year ago. Importantly, I think it is important to recognize the group was able to more than offset the $28 million decrease in net income. Leveraging off this initial success, we are going to put a much greater focus on improving working capital going forward as we believe that there are additional efficiencies to be realized in all aspects of operational working capital. The key takeaway here is that the organization's ability to generate cash remains strong, and we believe that we can still improve upon it going forward. Wrapping up our discussions on the second quarter, it is clear that there are substantive headwinds that we are managing through and which are impacting our results. However, we are confident that we are taking solid steps to improve our operational performance. Our cost and productive initiatives are delivering results and aiding the bottom line. And there is certainly more to be done and as a result, we will continue to focus on margin recovery and working capital management going forward. So where do we go from here? We believe that we will begin to see an improving local currency sales trend going forward. Not a substantive turnaround but certainly an improved picture. We also believe that we have more runway on our ability to improve margins. Some of that will be driven by our continued internal focus to reduce costs, including the elimination of 70 positions discussed earlier, and certainly some of it will come as the raw material pressures that we have seen over the last four quarters begins to soften. Offsetting this to some extent, we will be comparing to our Q3 2008 results that had no incentive compensation booked in the quarter. As you'll recall an adjustment was made in Q3 of last year to better align the expected incentive compensation with the results through the first nine months. This resulted in EPS being $0.05 higher than usual. As a result after adjusting the prior year number, a more comparable EPS figure for Q3 2009 would be $0.70. We also continue to actively evaluate all aspects of our business model and global footprint, including our supply chain, within the context of our growth strategies and the current business environment. Our restructuring reserve in the second quarter is an indication that we will continue to evaluate opportunities here. And we believe that there are further opportunities to improve. As always, we will continue to challenge all aspects of our cost structure. Finally, while we do not venture to guess what may happen relative to the strength US dollar versus other currencies, we do know that our foreign currency comparables versus year ago are certainly less onerous going forward. As a result, we believe that it is likely that foreign currency headwinds versus year ago periods should ease. Wrapping up, all of these trends would suggest that we are looking for an improved outlook on EPS and we would expect to see sequential improvement in the third quarter versus the second quarter of 2009. With that, I would like to thank you for your attention. Now I'll turn it back to Rob who will provide you with his closing thoughts.
Rob Amen: Thanks, Kevin. The external environment has been tough for a long time, really since the end of 2007. And that environment has presented us with many challenges. Inventory corrections and weak demand in Fine Fragrance, sharp product and materials input costs, volatile and adverse currency shifts. These were the drags on the margins we've suffered for several quarters. Our margin recovery initiatives have come along. Perhaps with an unattractive lag most especially in pricing, but they have come. It is clear these initiatives are now having a positive impact, which we will continue and become increasingly positive. I'm pleased with the balanced progress we're making. We continue to attract and develop the best talent. We continue to demonstrate our commitment to our customers by investing in greater facilities and production capacity needed to consistently supply them with the flavor and fragrance creations they desire. And we have done this while reducing costs and improving internal efficiencies. I believe we're on the path to deliver improved sales margins and earnings over the coming quarters. That said, we will continue to look for additional opportunities to improve our performance. That job's not over. Now Kevin and I will be happy to take questions. [Miranda], if you could help us with the questioning.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll hear first from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JPMorgan: In terms of the local currency trends, what was sort of noticeable in the quarter is that on a sequential basis pretty much in all regions with the exception of greater Asia the trends real have become worse sequentially. So when I look at local currency growth particularly in the fragrance area they've just become weaker which is sort of different from what your larger competitor reported. Are there things that we should keep in mind why that is and why there's such a disconnect, and when you discussed improving local trends going forward, does that really be positive local currency growth or just a reduction at a slower rate?
Rob Amen: I'm sorry, Silke. Let's back up and try to handle the first question. Let me paraphrase it. Why the difference in our local currency versus competitor's particularly in fragrance?
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JPMorgan: Yes. And the sequential weakening.
Rob Amen: Well. I mean, we are going to be different. It's not lockstep. I haven't, to be honest with you, I haven't spent the time and analyzed exactly what they've done in each region. I think there's a difference in product mix and market share that's going to drive things. I mean that's an element of it, but I don't understand what's going on there in numbers. So I can't tell you why we're different from them. I know what's going on with us and our customers. You has a second part to your question.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JPMorgan: The second part of the question was, does improving local currency trends in the future quarters, for the third and fourth quarter. Does that really mean positive local currency growth or would that mean that growth is slowing at, you know not as steep a rate.
Rob Amen: Well, we don't give firm guidance, and we've struggled with this. We said it for a while. On balance when we take a look at the total enterprise and we take a look at the orders in hand, as Kevin alluded, we did see some improvement as we came to the close in the fourth quarter, and seeing and knowing what we know today for the third quarter, we think that local currency sales largely, plus or minus a little bit, should be flat for the enterprise for the third quarter. There's a chance it will be a little positive. There's a little bit of chance it could be a little lower than that. And that would be the first local currency flat or non-negative comparison in 2009. That is still there is a lot of this quarter left and a lot of uncertainty in the world. But we are feeling like our local currency sales are on a more positive trend.
Operator: We'll hear next from John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: In the flavors area you commented on two specific trends that I was hoping you could elaborate on. The deceleration in North American flavors seem to be beverage related. I don’t know what's specifically going on there. And then the European deceleration, they were down one last quarter and they were down five this quarter in local currency. You talked about inventory de-stocking, I think, and I don't know if in a recession is there's less processed food consumption or packaged food consumption? I would think we'd be seeing the same trend in the US that we we're seeing it in Europe.
Rob Amen: Let me be sure we're on the same pages. Flavors in North America --
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Flavors in North America I thought was up 1%. It was up 6% last quarter. So it decelerated?
Rob Amen: Yes. Again, it was also versus a pretty good quarter a year ago. So, one quarter variation, it's hard to tackle that. I think the flavors unit has done a superb job in North America if you look back over several quarters. They've done very nicely, and I don't think there's, I'd read too much into a change in trend. I think North America there had been some inventory corrections. We did see early in the quarter some drawdown by customers in April and then a very nice recovery in May and June. So I wouldn't read and there's no significant change in North American trend.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Well, the press release talks specifically about volume weakness in the beverage category?
Rob Amen: Broadly yes. Beverage has been weaker for us than the other parts of our mix and we clearly in savory and dairy those were stronger. Beverage was weaker.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Is that whether. I don't cover the beverage companies themselves. But …
Rob Amen: It's a combination. I think its total beverage unit consumption in North America as well as the external impact of the cooler, damper weather. But I think if you read a number of the reports from the big beverage players, total consumption in North America was off a meaningful amount.
Operator: We'll go next to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays Capital.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: First question was just on customer mix given how much stronger Latin America and Asia were than the developed markets. I was just curious if the source of strength there was largely multinational customers, therefore its more regionals where those players may actually be gaining share?
Rob Amen: The performance overall does shift region-by-region. In Latin America we did see very strong performance on the part of the key regional players. They did a nice job in both businesses. In other parts of the world, the global did quite well.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: So Asia it was more as a global and Latin America was more as a regional? You had so to …
Rob Amen: Yes. I Latin America the key drivers to our growth was the performance of some of the key regional markets.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: The regional players …
Rob Amen: The regional players.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay. And Asia was more of the global?
Rob Amen: Yes.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: And that's still a bigger percentage of your business in Asia is with the global players?
Rob Amen: I've got to think about it. India, China, Japan, I would say yes, the global is probably more than half.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay. Is that the same in Latin America, or is it reverse again. The regionals are a bigger percentage of your business?
Rob Amen: In Latin America the regionals would be the more dominant share of our mix.
Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Capital: Okay. Great. And then the other thing I wanted to follow-up on was, because I had noticed R&D down as a percentage of sales. I know the goal long-term is to get close to that 8% level. But with top line down both local currency and including currency, this wouldn't have really been the quarter I'd expect to see sort of positive leverage on that line. And then that coupled with the comments of the pipeline or at least the new briefs you're working on is bigger than ever and that’s a negative for your cost structure right now, but does it really fit with what we're seeing on the R&D line. So is that sort of delayed, is that pipeline worth something we'll see reflected more in the cost structure in the next two quarters, or was it absorbed this quarter, as well?
Rob Amen: Well, let me break it down for you. In terms of the big R, that's largely the United States, there's a little on kind of couple of centers in Europe. So there is some FX impact but not material, and we continue to be dedicated to our big R. A substantial part of R&D is the applications and development work. Now, you're right. We have the dichotomy of an increased project pipeline that we're working on. But what we've been working on is how do we deal with that and do it more efficiently. So we've tried, we've delayed a little bit, we've taken out some positions, we're trying to reduce some of the external purchased services, but we're trying to do more and spend less while we're doing it. And actually I have to compliment the two business leaders. I think they did a great job with a heavier pipeline for actually achieving that with fewer people and at a lower cost. Kevin, want to add.
Kevin Berryman: Just another comment, Lauren, back to your regional question. Actually if you start to look at the total mix of the portfolio today, LATAM is actually becoming a player and challenging the North American region, Asia is challenging for number two regional position behind Europe. So we're starting to see a blend of the portfolio more aligned with where the growth areas are.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll hear next from Edward Yang with Oppenheimer & Co.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co: My first question on interest expense, it was a bit lower than I expected, and so what would be a good run rate for the third quarter? And on the CapEx side, that was a bit below as well, and is the $80 million guidance still good for that?
Kevin Berryman: I would say that the interest expense were kind of in a figure that is relatively close to our second quarter figures. So $13 million, $14 million is a good run rate going forward. We eliminated swap in the end of the first quarter so effectively that has enabled us to reduce some interest cost. Certainly rates are to the extent that there is some short-term moneys out there, that is certainly working in our favor, as well. As it relates to kind of the capital, we had talked on the $80 million figure in the past. I think we're thinking at this particular point in time it's going to be lower than that. I would say probably somewhere $70 million, maybe a little bit higher. But I think that's probably the direction we would give you at this particular point of time.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co: Okay. Thank you, Kevin, for that. On the fragrance side, you noted that you saw improving trends in fine fragrances as you were leaving the quarter. Could you elaborate on that? Also just as a reminder, that business first started showing negative local currency growth in 4Q '07 and then it started improving and then it got worse again. What was behind that? Was that just all economy related and so again, just would appreciate some color around that?
Rob Amen: When you take a look at fine fragrance, you have to put it in longer context. The Christmas season of 2007 was very weak which third and fourth quarter fine fragrance in '07 was actually pretty strong. And that led to a substantial inventory correction that was noted in the first and second quarters of '08. It somewhat flattened out in the third quarter and was slightly positive, I think, that’s strictly off the top of my head, flattish in the fourth quarter. We again, obviously, in 2008 had a very disappointing Christmas retail season and that triggered another massive inventory correction. The decline you're seeing in fine fragrance is a combination of reduced retail demand and a substantial contraction on the part of this entire supply chain from our customers and distributors. So we are starting to see evidence that one might conclude that inventory correction is over. But you never know that until you've gone far enough to see that it's bounced. Inventories at many large fine fragrance companies are extremely low. However, I think it's impossible to estimate what the retailers' demand is going to be for some upcoming Christmas season. And that's going to have a big part in with the demand over the next few months. So yes, we saw some improvement in the end of June, and we're seeing it currently. But I'm really hesitant to read too much into it because of the risk to the Christmas season and the volatility of that to the total demand.
Edward Yang - Oppenheimer & Co: So Rob, which quarter sees the most inventory reorders for the upcoming Christmas season? Is it the third quarter or the fourth quarter for you?
Rob Amen: Third quarter. It's very, very little opportunity to get things shipped out from us in October because of the long supply chain, you know, glass, packaging, et cetera, to get it packed to get it to a retailer and get it sold. So most of the Christmas material is done late second quarter into the third quarter.
Operator: We'll take a follow-up question from John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Thanks. The deceleration that you saw in the fragrance ingredients area, North American down nine and it was up 13% I think last quarter. And you saw declines in both Latin America and Asia where they were up before. How much of that is related to the fine fragrance end markets there? So is it the same effect we're seeing only over in the ingredients side?
Rob Amen: Well, I can't tell you with great certainty because we sell it to fragrance companies. They don't always tell us what they're using it in. You've heard me in the past, I always look at ingredients over a longer period. One quarter alone, I think it was last year, the first quarter was weak, the second quarter was strong, you kind of take a look at it. And if you look at ingredients in total over the six months this year being down around 9%, that deal's about right with the overall market. I do think there has been inventory correction on the part of all of us. Just as we reported our inventories are down. I believe other fragrance houses are doing the same thing. So it's not all consumption, I think there is supply chain adjustment in there.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Then secondly, in the Fine and Beauty Care business in Asia, you saw 7% growth, but I think that's the low ever level you've seen in years in any quarter. It was down from what had been a teen's growth rate in even the prior quarters which were recessionary. And I don't think you have much Japanese exposure there. I don't think the Fine Fragrance business is very big in Japan. So I'm kind of surprised that the quicker deceleration. Is it an income (inaudible) China I wouldn't have thought would have decelerated for example.
Rob Amen: I'm looking second quarter was up 10% in local currency. Fine and Beauty for which is -- I am given the economies, I think that's pretty respectable. That's China, that's Japan, that's India, Indonesia, I think a 10% growth in those economies given what's going on, that's fine, but that's a lot of hair care, toiletries. Actually I think that number's impressive.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Okay. And lastly, I thought you had lost some business in North America in the fabric softener area and then regained it. Is that enough of a switch that in either the third or fourth quarter we'll see North America functional fragrance flip to a positive comp?
Rob Amen: I'm not sure we'll get to positive comp in North America in the third quarter. It's going to take a few things. The North American market right now is not being influenced by the fabric as much as being hair care and some other things. Consumers are viewing that in a more discretionary way. You can see that in some of our customers' reports. The hair care business has been soft. That has had a big impact. So there's a couple of different things going on in North America functional.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll take a follow-up from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JPMorgan: Can you break out in the quarter what volume mix and price was as part of the local currency growth for the company as a whole?
Rob Amen: I don't think we've done that, and I don't think we're going to start on this call, Silka. That sort of gets us into a whole other issue. But as you may imagine, volume was a slight negative. And mix net, net, net was probably when you combine what we've talked about in beverage and fine, mix was probably negative for the enterprise. So, pricing and other initiatives were positive.
Silke Kueck-Valdes - JPMorgan: Are prices sequentially increasing, are they up year-over-year, and should they continue to increase? How should that trend?
Rob Amen: Prices would be up year-over-year and gently rising sequentially. Go ahead, Kevin?
Kevin Berryman: It (inaudible) effectively there's about 2.5%, 3% in terms of pricing. Now that varies by the category and what's going on specifically relative to materials. But that is a number that is somewhat consistent with kind of the first quarter.
Operator: We have no further questions from the phone audience at this time. I'll turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Rob Amen: Thank you, [Miranda]. Thank you for your time. Clearly now you've been introduced to Michael DeVeau and Kevin. I think all of you have met the two gentlemen. And I encourage you to follow-up with them afterwards. And I really do appreciate the time. And I look to speaking with you individually in the weeks and months ahead. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We'd like to thank you all for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-30 09:00:00) =====
International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (IFF):
Executives: Richard O'Leary – Interim CFO Rob Amen – Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Mike Sisson – KeyBanc Ryan Bennett – Barclays Silke Kueck – JP Morgan Erik Sjogren – Morgan Stanley
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. Participants will be announced by their name and company. And in order to give all participants an opportunity to ask their questions, we request a limit of one question per person. I would now like to introduce Richard O'Leary, Interim Chief Financial Officer. You may begin.
Richard O'Leary: Thank you, William. Hello, everybody, and welcome to the IFF first quarter 2009 conference call. With me is Rob Amen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Our earnings release and 10-Q were filed this morning and are available on our website in the Investor Relations section. As you know, during the call today, we may make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today, so they do contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements, we ask that you refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in the press release and in our filings with the SEC. Some of today's prepared remarks will exclude first quarter 2008 items that affect comparability. These items are captured in our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for the first quarter 2008 and are still available on our website. What we want to cover today, Rob will start off with an overview of the first quarter performance, and I’ll follow up with a review of the financial results, and following closing comments from Rob, we will then take your questions. Now let me turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Amen: Thanks Rich. Good morning, everyone. Before I address IFF’s results for the quarter, let me make a few comments on the economy and the markets. Clearly, the economic slowdown was very sharp in the fourth quarter of 2008. And this was most pronounced in Europe and the United States. This situation carried forward into the first quarter of 2009 and remains with us today. This has had a significant impact on the Fine Fragrance business, reflecting in the combination of lower consumption and an inventory correction, not unlike what we experienced in the US in the first quarter of 2008. But this time it impacts both Europe and the US. Second, the US dollar. The dollar strengthened for our basket of currencies about 14% versus the parity rate of the first quarter 2008. And lastly, raw material and input prices remained high and increased from where they were a year ago. Those are a few things to keep into focus as we talk about our results. So now let’s turn to the first quarter operating results. IFF’s local currency sales for the first quarter were down 2%. Reported sales were down about 6%, reflecting the stronger dollar versus the euro, Brazilian reai, the Indian rupee, and the UK pound. Now, I will address the key drivers of the sales in the individual businesses later. I’d like to talk a little bit about operating margins. Our operating margins did decline, as you can see. That was due to weaker sales mix, higher input cost versus last year, and as I talked to you, the impact of the stronger dollar on translation on costs, and in selective markets on consumption. On the plus side, overhead expenses were lower. The last item to note, which was a little unusual was the close-out of a derivative contract during the quarter that results in interest expense for the first quarter being $2 million higher than the year-ago period. Now let’s turn to the individual businesses. Our Flavor team delivered excellent results again in a tough period. Local currency sales were positive 2%. And this increase was achieved despite the market challenges. We did see meaningful volume erosion in most markets, most especially on older products. The local currency sales growth was achieved broadly because of the number of new wins and launches from dating in 2008 and 2009. The performance in North America and Asia were again especially strong. Lat Am had solid underlying growth before the FX impact. And Rich will talk about that a little later. This is a clear demonstration that our offerings are succeeding with our customers and with consumers. The initiatives to restore margins we have reported to you in the past are coming through. Gross margins were flat with the prior year despite the higher raw material costs and FX impacts. The product reformulation done in collaboration with our customers, cost recovery, and the new products, all contributed to this. Operating margins were down 90 basis points due to higher pension expense and increased incentive compensation costs. I’m very pleased with the performance of this business and the trajectory of the business. Now turning to our Fragrance business. The Fragrance business sales clearly impacted by the economy. Reported sales were down 9% 2008 and local currency sales were 5% below the first quarter of 2008. The key driver of this decline was the 12% drop in local currency sales in the Fine and Beauty segment. Actually the decline was all in Fine. Beauty, which comprises hair care and toiletries, was up year-over-year. In Q1, we saw, as we did a year ago, a significant inventory correction following a weak holiday sales period. I also believe end user consumption is off as Fine Fragrances are discretionary luxury products. These two factors caused a sharp contraction in the market for our customers and in turn for us. Interestingly, this business had strong commercial results in the quarter. New launch revenues in Q1 were record high, reflecting the success of the past year. The volume erosion in the entire portfolio overwhelmed these excellent new product sales. Our Functional Fragrance business in total was flat in local currency sales versus last year’s first quarter. Interestingly, the business showed good growth, plus 8% in the US due to new product launches and new products. Adjusting for all the FX impacts, Functional Fragrance sales were flat to up in all regions except of the EAME region, which is our largest at Europe. Hair care volumes globally were generally weaker. The Fragrance Ingredients business reflects the overall fragrance market and includes an important element of inventory adjustment. As I look at the total for this unit, down about 4%, I believe that reflects an approximate shift in the market. The regional variation shows more volatility and that’s more an issue of individual customers and inventory patterns. I remain very satisfied with the improving sales of new molecules coming from R&D and the pace they are being adopted by our perfumers. Clearly, the weaker volume and mix, together with the negative impact of high material costs and the stronger dollar, caused a decline in margins. Expenses have been well managed and we will continue to reduce cost to improve the performance of this business. So what are the highlights for me? Well, first, the continued strong performance by our Flavors business. I believe the strategies and initiatives underway in this business are working well, and we demonstrate their impact in the coming quarters. The fine fragrance market is facing significant retail challenges that will persist for sometime. It’s impossible to anticipate when the inventory correction or consumer demand will turn positive for this end use. The balance of our Fragrance business is actually doing quite well, with important progress being made in the US and in many categories such as laundry and hair care. We will continue to adjust our resource deployment to link with the appropriate opportunity. I expect the expense management will remain a key initiative. Lastly, we have begun to see improvements in working capital. And this will remain a key priority for us. But now, I’d like Rich to walk you through a little bit more detail.
Richard O'Leary: Thanks, Rob. Turning to page nine, let’s start with the big picture. Operating earnings are down about $14 million on a reported basis. And if you exclude the unusual items for [ph] the restructuring curve and the insurance recovery in the first quarter 2008, our operating margins were down about 200 basis points. This is really driven by several key items. First, as Rob discussed, sharply lower sales and earnings in the Fine and Beauty category, with higher input costs across both businesses, and year-over-year approximately 5.5% increase across the input categories. We talked about unfavorable currency parity with the dollar up about 14% across the basket of key currencies. We are making good progress on price realization and the cost savings initiatives that are underway. But they were insufficient to offset these segments. As Rob mentioned, we closed out a $300 million interest rate swap for about $16 million during the first quarter, $4 million of which was impacted the earnings during the quarter. We also had a lower effective tax rate by about 2% compared to the first quarter of 2008. And this is really driven by the mix of earnings country-by-country as well as the closeout of about $1 million prior tax positions. Taking a look at the topline sales performance, as we mentioned, net sales were down about 6% on a reported basis that equates to about $37 million. About a quarter of that reflects the underlying commercial performance and the balance is attributable to the currency movements that we have mentioned already. Looking at the results by category and region, overall we feel quite good about the results. All the regions except for EAME were up in local currency. And the decline in EAME really reflects lower demand and significant inventory corrections for our customers in that region. North America was up nicely driven by new win flavors and functional fragrances. Lat Am had good results concerning the fact that a 2% decline for flavor is net of the currency impacts. If we adjust for foreign exchange rates, we believe the underlying growth is closer to about 11%. As you know, historically, we’ve reported our sales performance in Lat Am on a reported basis and then adjust for changes in currency rates. Beginning in the second quarter we intend to provide both local currency and reported sales performance for the region. Turning to individual business performance, for the Flavors business, sales were up 2% in local currency. And we believe that our Flavors business continues to grow at or above market rates. This is driven by new wins and launches across all categories, with dairy being the only real soft spot. Our operating earnings were down about $4 million year-over-year, really driven by a strong dollar impact of between $2 million and $3 million, higher input costs, and about $2 million of incremental expenses for pension and incentive compensation. Looking at the Fragrance business for the quarter, the results are really tied to a few key drivers. First, economic contractions, reduced discretionary consumer spending, and inventory destocking for our Fine Fragrance category resulted in a sharp decline in topline sales. Second, while we are making good progress in the Functional Fragrance sales development, price recovery and our cost savings initiatives. These were insufficient to offset the negative effects of higher input costs and the stronger to use dollar, was about $5 million impact for the quarter. Translating this into earnings per share performance, the price realization across both businesses plus the volume growth in Flavors was substantially offset by the weak sales volume in Fine Fragrance. Overall, this net commercial activity added about $0.03 for the quarter. Input costs, really reflecting the consumption of higher price materials that were purchased late last year, cost us $0.15 per share year-over-year. Cost savings at the manufacturing overhead level as well as the lower effective tax rate added $0.03 for each category. Finally, foreign exchange in the operational level, net of gains realized in the corporate level, reduced overall EPS by about $0.04 per share. Overall, adjusted EPS decreased 14% from $0.70 in 2008 to about $0.60 in 2009. Now, Rob mentioned and we’ve talked several cases about the negative impact of the dollar on our current results. Let’s take a look at what this means a little bit more detail. This table provides a recap of the US and the euro exchange rates during the past five quarters. As you can see, the dollar strengthened against the euro 9% for the first quarter of 2009. As we mentioned earlier, again, the core of basket of currency is the change is really closer to 14% on a global basis. If the exchange rate in Q2 averages the actual rate of yesterday, we would see a corresponding increase in year-over-year, strengthening the dollar about 16% for the second quarter of 2009. And clearly, this represents an additional headwind that we face. Maintaining sound financial position is important to us. However, looking at the first quarter, it’s a difficult period to assess how we are doing. It’s typically our weakest quarter in terms of past generation. The first quarter of 2009 was also impacted by a couple of unusual items. First, the $16 million payment closeout the interest rate that I mentioned earlier, and second, during the quarter we recognized two dividend payments within the period. This is due to the fact that we are closing our books on a 52, 53-week calendar basis. The dividend payment for the first quarter was on the same date as our closing balance sheet date. As a result, we had two dividend payments in the cash flow statement for the second quarter. Overall, from a financial perspective, we feel we are on track to pay off our scheduled debt maturity early in the third quarter, and we continue to have substantial drawdown capacity on our multi-year credit facility. In conclusion, clearly we face some real challenges in terms of economic contraction, currency parity shifts, and uneven demand patterns. While we are not going to wait for the (inaudible) environment to improve, our win rates in 2008 and 2009 are clearly a positive for us. And our cost reduction inference we continue and we expect the rate of increase on the input cost to moderate around the year. And finally, we are taking steps to improve working capital and reduce our interest burden going forward. Let me turn it back over to Rob.
Rob Amen: Thanks, Rich. I remain optimistic that IFF’s business strategies will deliver against our long-term goals with growing local currency sales faster than the world economy, providing for margin expansion and trend line EPS growth. The feedback I received from our customers is encouraging. And the number and the value of new projects we have in house continues to run well ahead of where we were a year ago. I’m also realistic. In Q2, I’m not expecting any meaningful change in demand from what we saw in Q1. Excluding Fine Fragrance, I can see local currency sales, broadly speaking, to be about flat or slightly less. Fine Fragrance sales will again be weak, perhaps down as much as 20%, maybe more from a year-ago period. Currency parity will be more adverse in Q2, perhaps 15%, and this will be a strong headwind. Raw material cost escalation will continue, but I believe it will be at a lower rate. And our savings initiatives, which is showing in March, and recovery efforts, which are being positive, will continue to contribute. Our leaders and I are balancing meeting the requirements of short-term performance improvement with those of building a strong company. We are committed to our R&D and technical development programs, as these will drive value creation in the future. Our investments in the creative centers have been well received by our customers. We will continue to invest in our facilities to provide needed capacity in Asia and for improved efficiency throughout the company. I believe the people of IFF are focused on wide [ph] priorities and are delivering on their promise to make IFF a great company. Now, William, if you could help me, we’ll be happy to receive and answer the questions for people on the call.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator instructions) We’ll take our first question from Mike Sisson, KeyBanc.
Mike Sisson – KeyBanc: Hi, guys, good morning.
Rob Amen: Good morning, Mike.
Richard O'Leary: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Sisson – KeyBanc: It looks like the -- when you take a look at your first quarter results that the raw material situation is really the big headwind -- I know Fine Fragrances was pretty weak, but when look at the little chart, the input costs refer that $0.16. So I mean, do you just sort of have to wait unfortunately till that reverses until the raw material fall before you can get some margin expansion going forward?
Rob Amen: Well, Mike, first of all, raw material stocks is a function of flowing through the inventory, when average inventories were there for a while. We’ve begun to see the incremental purchase prices moderate, but it’s going to take a while for that to average down. And I think earlier for the fourth quarter call we said we didn’t really expect to see improvement in material cost until the second half of the year. And I still think that’s accurate. We may see some commodities come in sooner, but many of the natural materials continue to be at high level. And that has been a big drag.
Richard O'Leary: And Mike, as we talked about it last time, (inaudible) several of the key contracts have either quarterly or semiannual resets. So those -- we do believe from a market standpoint that the peak levels in terms of purchase prices were late last year, but we’ve got to go through the reset process on the contracts and then have it flow through the inventories.
Mike Sisson – KeyBanc: Okay. Then, on a sequential basis then, when you think about second and third quarter, it looks like in total Flavors and non-Fine Fragrances are going to hold up very well. If you assume that Fine Fragrances are about in that range that you suggested, it looked like local currency sales could be down sort of low -- sort of mid-single digits. So when you think about profitability, as we think about second, third and fourth quarter, can you see a sequential improvement sort of in that given the raw material headwind?
Rob Amen: Sequential to what? Sequential to --
Mike Sisson – KeyBanc: To the first quarter.
Rob Amen: To the first quarter.
Mike Sisson – KeyBanc: You got it right.
Rob Amen: I mean, I think the second quarter tends to be a stronger quarter than the first quarter and typically it is better. The revenues, as I said, I don’t expect the growth in revenues to be dramatically different from the first quarter. And cost initiatives, where they were with some moderation in raw materials, I suspect the company will operate constructively. Could I imagine sequential improvement? Yes, I can absolutely imagine sequential improvement.
Mike Sisson – KeyBanc: Okay, great. And just one last -- one follow-up. Congrats in getting your CFO. Could you just give us a little bit of some background and why Kevin and what he sort of offers to IFF and why he was the right person for you? Thank you.
Rob Amen: We were very demanding in looking for a CFO. I was looking for a partner who could help me address the strategic needs of the enterprise, who was a strong business analyst and somebody who was comfortable dealing with the complex international organization. And Kevin, I thought, fit the bill [ph] really wonderfully. He is a very warm and gauging guy. He has had a very successful career at Nestle, has been an ex-pat twice, which I think to gain a perspective on international business helps a good deal. He had broad total company exposure at Nestle. So he understands the complexity of reporting and dealing with things. He was the CFO at the Purina business following the acquisition by Nestle. So integrating a company and seeing the totality was something he was comfortable with. He has got a lot of skills. He is roughly 50. And I think he is going to be a very good partner for me and the other senior leaders of IFF.
Mike Sisson – KeyBanc: Great. Thanks, Rob.
Rob Amen: William?
Operator: We’ll move for the next question from Lauren Lieberman, Barclays.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: Hi, good morning. This is actually Ryan sitting in for Lauren today.
Rob Amen: Hello, Ryan.
Richard O'Leary: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: Good morning. Just a couple questions. First, in the press release, you mentioned that the company will be working on some initiatives to reduce fixed and variable costs. Can you just talk about a little bit of what these initiatives are? I’m assuming they are incremental to the restructuring in the fourth quarter.
Rob Amen: It’s really a continuation of the things we started in the fourth quarter. As I indicated, there are some selective reductions in resources in areas that are underperforming or that don’t have the growth demands. We are clearly continuing to invest in the areas where we think have the most promising growth in the emerging markets, China, India and Brazil. We are going to be looking at facilities and see what could be done to reduce our fixed costs and simplify our footprint. There is some very, very good exciting work being done on the procurement and logistic side. I’m not really prepared to give you all the details of it, but they are aimed at having impact in the next quarter as well as the quarters ahead.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: Okay. There was an article yesterday, an adage talking about how new product launches were down 51% in the first quarter. Are you seeing a pullback in the product activity [ph] as your customers?
Rob Amen: A good question and I try to note that. That’s something we are monitoring very closely on both sides of the house, Flavors and Fragrances. Because that really -- the largest part of our estimated [ph] cost structure is really related to the work we are developing for new products or reformulations of existing products. And as I indicated, the new projects in house are greater -- or more numerous and of greater value than they were a year ago. So we are not seeing any diminution. Now, I can’t guarantee that all those are going to be launched. But at this stage, we have not seen our customers pull back from the commitment, maybe some change in shift. There has been more focus on taking cost out of products and reformulating to avoid materials, but we still see a very healthy flow of products with our customers.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: And just to follow up on that, if new product activity, I guess (inaudible) IFF is one that are launched, that really is the best for I guess most -- you know, that's the biggest way that IFF gained market share, right? It’s actually by launching those new briefs?
Rob Amen: Yes. Organically, that’s the best way. I mean, what it does is it not only gives us more of our customer, but if we help our customers with that, we will grow as they grow their share in the market.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: Okay. And I guess my last question is really is for Rich. I just wanted to ask about on the tax rate for the year, I think last time the guidance was somewhere around maybe 27% to 27.5%. Is that still your anticipated effective tax rate? Was there anything special in the first quarter that we should be thinking about? Because I think the tax rate was a little bit lower.
Richard O'Leary: Yes, it was lower than last year. As I mentioned in my comments, there was about $1 million of closeout of provisions and positions that we earned previously that helped in the first quarter of 2009. If overall sales stays equal through the end of the year, I’d say we have an opportunity to be in between set 26.5% and 27%. So, no major changes. Most of the difference between this quarter and last year was just where the mix of earnings were and the mix of the performance country-by-country.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: Great. Thanks very much.
Rob Amen: Yes.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We’ll move to our next question from Jeff Zekauskas, JP Morgan.
Silke Kueck – JP Morgan: Good morning. This is Silke Kueck for Jeff.
Rob Amen: Good morning, Silke.
Silke Kueck – JP Morgan: Good morning. When I look at some of your customers results this morning as well as the Colgate reported and Procter & Gamble reported, what’s remarkable was sort of like I guess the amount of incremental prices that the company achieved. And so I guess I was interested in finding out how much price benefit you saw in either the Fragrance or the Flavor business in the quarter and whether that should improve throughout the year?
Richard O'Leary: We have continued to -- we talked about the price increases that we initiated to a large extent the latter part of last year. We continue to make progress on that. What I would say is, as we head into the second and third quarters, those benefits year-over-year will be down because we started to get particularly in the Ingredients business price increases in the second quarter.
Rob Amen: They will be down, they will be less.
Richard O'Leary: Well, less of an increase. Less of an increase than what we saw in the first quarter.
Silke Kueck – JP Morgan: How much was it in the first quarter?
Richard O'Leary: It was about $20 million pretax.
Silke Kueck – JP Morgan: And was it mostly on the Flavor side or did the Fragrance business benefit as well?
Richard O'Leary: Both businesses benefited from it. It’s about a third of that on Flavors and two-thirds of that in both the Fragrance and Ingredients business.
Silke Kueck – JP Morgan: That’s helpful, thank you. Maybe I can ask one more question. When I look at your EPS waterfall, what is the impact from lower volumes to earnings?
Richard O'Leary: The commercial impact of about $0.03 really takes the pricing impact net of volume and mix. And so you’ve got the positive $20 million and then you have about $17 million combination of volume and mix going the other way.
Rob Amen: The most pronounced volume decline was in Fragrance. Other than that, volume was fairly flat.
Richard O'Leary: The price was about $0.18 to $0.19, and then the volume and mix was $0.15, in that range.
Silke Kueck – JP Morgan: Okay, that’s helpful. And maybe one cash flow question. What is your expectation for capital spending this year? And should working capital at the end of the year be a contributor to operating cash flow?
Richard O'Leary: I think we will be in the range of low $80 million in terms of CapEx, assuming that the market stays where we expect it to be. We’ve talked about that earlier. And then in terms of working capital, clearly we’ve got initiatives internally to reduce working capital and I expect we will have a year-over-year benefit.
Silke Kueck – JP Morgan: Thank you very much. I’ll get back into queue.
Richard O'Leary: Thanks.
Rob Amen: Thank you, Silke.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We will take our next question from Erik Sjogren, Morgan Stanley.
Erik Sjogren – Morgan Stanley: Yes, good afternoon.
Rob Amen: Good afternoon.
Richard O'Leary: Hi, Erik.
Erik Sjogren – Morgan Stanley: I just had a very quick question. On the destocking, I mean, looking at the -- listening to the staples [ph] company’s visibility obviously, it’s quite low across the supply chain. But have you noticed during the first quarter and now in April any kind of shift in the -- or I should say, normalization in the order patterns or any kind of indication that the destocking is at least tapering off, so to say, versus the fourth quarter and early this year?
Rob Amen: Yes. We have been destocking broadly across either business. The destocking that is very, very clear is Fine Fragrance. And that’s with a number of the Fine Fragrance accounts. But Europe, I think there is some decline, but it’s hard for me to separate the destocking from consumption declines because of the declining economy. The economy in Southern Europe is off so much. But we haven’t seen too much pronounced outside of that, and so I can’t tell you that it’s shifting around. So one of the reasons I feel so good about the Flavors business performance, you would have thought that the consumption and destocking in North America would have been more adverse. And in the fourth quarter and again in the first quarter, our Flavors in the US showed very, very solid, good growth in sales.
Erik Sjogren – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: It appears we have no further questions at this moment.
Rob Amen: Well, I do appreciate you taking the time to be with us. It’s an interesting time and I’m pleased with the overall performance of the enterprise. Fine Fragrance team, I think, is doing a very, very good job in a tough market condition. And I know the initiatives that both businesses have underway to both grow their topline, improve their cost structure are showing good progress and will continue. And I look forward to reporting on the progress of that in the next couple of quarters. Thank you very much and good luck too.
Operator: And that concludes our conference for today. We thank you for your attendance.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard O'Leary – Interim CFO Rob Amen – Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Erik Sjogren – Morgan Stanley Ryan Bennett – Barclays Mike Sison – KeyBanc Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan John Roberts – Buckingham Research
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances fourth quarter and full year 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. All participants will be on a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the call. Participants will be announced by their name and company and in order to give all participants an opportunity to ask their questions, we request a limit of one question per person. I would now like to introduce Richard O'Leary, Interim Chief Financial Officer. You may begin.
Richard O'Leary: Good morning everybody, and welcome to the IFF fourth quarter and full year conference call. With me is Rob Amen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Our earnings release was filed this morning and it is available on our website, iff.com, in the Investor Relations section. As you know, during this call, we may make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today, so they contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, I ask that you refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in today’s earnings release and in IFF’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available on our website. Some of today's prepared remarks will exclude those items that effect comparability. These excluded items are captured in our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations available on our website. Now here is what we are going to cover on today's call. Rob will open with an overview of the fourth quarter performance, then I will provide a review of our fourth quarter and full year financial results. And following closing comments from Rob, we will then take your questions. Now, let me turn it over to Rob.
Rob Amen: Thanks Rich. Good morning everyone. Hopefully, by now you had the opportunity to see the press release and you share my impression. I'm generally pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter, especially in light of the global economy. Fourth-quarter earnings per share, adjusted for non-recurring items, was $0.50 a share, down $0.03 from last year's fourth quarter. Rich will provide you an analysis of the key drivers to this earnings per share change. Our local currency sales were up 2%, a bit above my expectations. I will comment on the regional performances when I address the business units in a few moments. Operating margins were at 12.3%, below last year's fourth quarter of 12.8%. The gap of 50 basis points in margins actually shows real progress in recovering from the cost escalation in materials and input costs and the gap that we have seen it prior quarters this year. Currency parities shifted a great deal. In the fourth quarter, the dollar versus the pound was 18% stronger than the third quarter of ‘08 and 20% stronger than the fourth quarter of ‘07. The euro or the dollar, I should say, was stronger versus the euro by about 13% versus the third quarter this year, and about 10% stronger than the fourth quarter of last year. Blended together, currency parity changes were about a 5% drag on revenue, and hit us for about $0.02 per share. Rich will give you a much more detailed analysis of the translation of balance sheet items that impacted this later on. In the quarter, our interest expense was again higher. You'll recall, in our October call I spoke to you about the interest-rate swap that was causing our interest rate – interest expense to be higher and it was higher this fourth quarter by about $3 million versus last year's fourth quarter. Also during the year, we initiated a performance improvement plan, which resulted in a special charge of $12 million. And as I have said before Rich will give you more details on it. But let me turn to the full year, local currency sales for 2008 were up 2% in line with the growth we reported in the third and fourth quarters. And if you compare this to the course of revenue growth over the year, we have clearly seen a slowing in growth rates around the world since September [ph]. Flavors had a strong year all year. Our Flavors business was up 8% in local currency in the first half and up less in the second half. For the year, the business grew 6% year-over-year. Our Fragrance business fought back from a weak first quarter, and showed excellent improvement in Asia and in Fragrance Ingredients. Earnings per share on an adjusted basis were at $2.76, up 4% and a new record for IFF. 2008% presented a lot of challenges; a weak US economy, soft fine fragrance market in US and Europe, volatile currency markets, and a sharp slowdown in the global economies in the second half. I believe, IFF managed to meet most but clearly not all of these challenges. While we always want to do better and to accelerate our growth in sales and profitability, I'm pleased with the results that we recorded. Now let us turn to the businesses. Our Flavors business had a strong performance in all regions all year. The driver of this growth was winning new businesses. Our flavor teams won a significant amount of business all year in the key categories that we are after in beverage, sweet, and in savory. Local currency sales growth of 6% was really excellent. The business did slow along with the global economies as the year progressed, but was still up more than 3% in the fourth quarter. I was impressed with the growth in the fourth quarter sales in North America. You may recall that North America Flavor sales were flat in the third quarter, reflecting customers’ pulling down inventories. Well today, pulled them down enough that they had to restock and North American sales were up 4% in the fourth quarter. Latin America was the star performer all year, but the sharply higher US dollar hurt our fourth-quarter sales. For the year, the Latin American region grew local currency sales 21%. The greater Asia team performed well consistently throughout the year. For the year, they recorded 10% growth in local currency sales, an excellent performance. Demand was good across the categories, which confirms our category platforms of excellence are in fact providing superior products to our customers. Margins in the Flavor business were off due to the rapid escalation of input costs, currency changes, and some internal cost allocations. We were not able to fully recover these costs, and consequently margins were down about 50 basis points in the fourth quarter or year-on-year. The Flavor business, however, had a very solid performance all year. Turning to our Fragrance business, I am proud of how our Fragrance business fought back from the disappointing start in the year. Now, we estimate that the global fragrance market was at best flat and probably down 1% to 2% for the entire year. So for the Fragrance business to have local currency sales being down a fraction of 1% to me shows a very, very good performance by this group. North America made a good recovery after negative comparisons for three consecutive quarters. The fourth-quarter sales were even with the fourth quarter of ‘07. Given the weak US economy and weak fourth-quarter consumer spending, this was a good comeback. And this was accomplished by achieving a strong win rate this year. Fine fragrance sales were in fact much stronger than the market in the fourth quarter, and we believe, we extended our market share gains there. Asia had an excellent year and a strong fourth quarter. Our Ingredients business delivered on their prune and grow [ph] strategy. Despite exiting selected commodity products, they grew sales and restored their profits meaningfully. Operating margins continued to trail the year earlier period. So, we have more work to do. I believe our cost recovery efforts and the cost reduction initiatives are succeeding and will help improve our margins as we more through 2009. The Fragrance business is doing a lot of good things and they are going to win. Looking at the highlights for the year, a key reason I'm pleased with the 2008 performance is that we didn't lose our strategic focus. Yes, we had challenges galore in the United States and other regions. The teams in Flavors and Fragrances adapted. They also continued on working to build a stronger IFF. Our investments in material science and consumer understanding continues. This propelled our platforms of excellence forward, which is foundational for our future success. We continue to invest in our customer support facilities such as creative centers in New York region, Shanghai, and Sao Paulo, so we can better meet our customer needs. We strengthened our talent pool by developing our people and attracting some key individuals. I believe IFF delivered good results for 2008 and we are a stronger competitor today then we were a year ago. Now Rich, will you please update these folks with some more insights into results for the quarter and the year.
Richard O'Leary: Thanks Rob, and good morning to all of you. Now let's start with a look at consolidated sales in slide 11. We did have good results in quite a challenging environment. Fourth quarter sales decreased 3% as the stronger dollar more than offset 2% local currency growth. As Rob said, our Flavors business continues to perform well reporting 3% growth in local currency, while the Fragrance sales were flat in local currency for the quarter. For the year, we have seen a softening in demand in the second half of the year. Overall, local currency sales increased by 2% with Flavors performing well in all regions throughout the entire year. As Rob said, Fragrances climbed back from a disappointing first-quarter and in the year down only 1% in local currency. Emerging markets were key drivers of growth for both businesses. The recent strengthening of the dollar represents an important shift in the operating environment compared to the first nine months of the year. During the quarter, the dollar appreciated about 11% against the basket of sales currencies. With about 40% of revenues effectively priced in US dollars, the impact on reported sales was 5% unfavorable. Still, this equates to about $27 million decline in net sales, more than offsetting favorable volume, price, and mix impacts for the quarter. In terms of profitability on slide 13, gross margin was down 90 basis points for the quarter, and represents a significant improvement compared to the third quarter gap of 190 basis points. Input costs continued to rise during the quarter. We made good progress in price realization, cost reduction, and margin improvement efforts. And we are not positive yet in terms of input cost recovery, while we have closed the gap in the fourth quarter. Operating margin is down sequentially, but the fourth quarter is historically our weakest quarter. On a relative basis, the positive trend continues reducing the year-over-year gap to 50 basis points in the fourth quarter. As you may recall, the gap in the third quarter was 80 basis points after normalizing for incentive compensation. For the year, operating profit increased 2% to $373 million, excluding comparability items. Now moving to the individual business performance, looking at the top line we are pleased with 3% local currency sales growth for Flavors. This continues a trend of 14 consecutive quarters of growth for this business. We have good results across most segments. Savory has shown consistent growth throughout the year, whereas beverages did slow somewhat in the fourth quarter. And we are clearly winning in the emerging markets. But the appreciation of the dollar has impacted local currency sales and demand in these regions. Looking at the bottom line, segment profit decreased $10 million. Operationally, this reflects good volume growth and positive mix but these were more than offset by unfavorable currency impacts, insufficient input cost recovery, and (inaudible) expenses of about $6 million, including incentive compensation and a portion of the severance in the fourth quarter charge. Turning to our Fragrance business on slide 15, some things went well and we struggled elsewhere. Overall, sales were flat in local currency for the fourth quarter. Greater Asia continues to produce solid gains and the Ingredients business has made significant progress year-over-year. Fine fragrance globally was flat year-over-year in local currency as improvements in the US and Latin America offset significant weakness in Europe. Overall, Fine & Beauty was down 3% in local currency due to lower volumes in hair care and toiletries. Functional fragrances were up 1% globally, selecting new wins in volume in Asia primarily for personal wash and fabric. Operating profit increased to $41 million. This is mainly due to lower (inaudible) expenses including incentive compensation of $10 million, offset by $2 million of severance from the fourth quarter charge. Operationally, price realization and margin recovery efforts were more than offset by negative sales mix and unfavorable currency impacts. Now, let us take a look at input costs for the quarter. Last time I took you through the key components and some of the drivers impacting year-to-year trends. In the fourth quarter, we still had substantially year-over-year cost increases, but the rate of increase has stabilized at around 5%. We are seeing improvements in petrochemicals, freight, and fuel surcharges and there has been some easing in certain specialty chemicals. Most of our supply contracts had quarterly or semi-annual resets. Therefore, we will not begin to benefit from the most recent price changes until our first quarter purchases. And once we work through higher cost inventories, we should begin to see some cost relief sometime during the second quarter. Turning to foreign exchange, the dollar was much stronger during the fourth quarter. The net impact to the fourth quarter was $0.02 per share, but this includes really two distinct elements. First, on an operating basis looking at our revenues and expenses there was an unfavorable foreign exchange impact of about $0.04 per share, and I will discuss this a little bit more in the next slide and the drivers of that. This was partially offset by balance-sheet gains of about $0.02 per share on working capital items. Overall, looking at our current sales mix and cost structure I estimate that for each 1% change in the US dollar has about $0.01 to $0.02 per share impact on an annual basis. Turning to page 18, you will see a breakdown of our sales and operating expenses by underlying currency. While almost 75% of our revenues are generated outside the US, the actual currency impact on our operating margins is much less. This is due to the fact that significant portion of our revenue base, especially in the emerging markets are transactioned either directly or indirectly in dollars. This provides a partial hedge for our business. Overall, our largest exposure is to the euro from which 40% to 50% of our operating profits is derived. Before looking at the EPS components for the quarter and the year, I wanted to review to specific items impacting our fourth quarter results. First, we initiated a performance improvement plan that will affect approximately 90 positions globally. This resulted in a restructuring charge of about $12 million for severance on a pre-tax basis. When fully implemented in 2009, projected savings of approximately $9 million annually. And second, we recognized a $17 million tax benefit in the quarter following the completion of an open tax audit overseas. Now looking at slide 17, summarizes the individual impacts impacting earnings per share for the fourth quarter. Reported earnings per share were $0.62 in 2007 versus – in 2008 for $0.62 versus $0.58 last year. Overall on an adjusted basis earnings per share was $0.50 compared to $0.53 in 2007. Net commercial, which combines volume, price, and mix was $0.16 favorable. However, of this $0.12 is really the pricing impact. And comparing that to the input cost, this makes the gap in input cost recovery unfavorable about $0.02 for the quarter. Does represent a significant improvement versus the $0.10 gap we had in the third quarter. As Rob mentioned, the interest rate swaps caused us about $0.03 per share, and while the spreads have narrowed, we should begin to benefit from that later in the first quarter. Overhead expenses were down slightly ex-foreign exchange as lower compensation expense offset planned spending increases. And last, you see the currency impact that I have already discussed. Now turning to slide 21, you see the earnings components for the full year. Reported earnings per share in 2008 was $2.87 compared to $2.82 in 2007, whereas adjusted EPS was $2.76 this year compared to $2.66 last year. Clearly, the main challenge we face this year was input cost recovery, and it has a $0.10 per share gap between our commercial improvements and input cost increases. Overhead expenses were $0.03 favorable, ex-foreign exchange, as cost containment and $22 million reduction in incentive compensation expense more than offset planned spending to support our growth initiatives. For the full year, US dollar weakened average-to-average adding $0.15 per share to earnings. Interest expense reduced earnings per share by $0.29 per share. However, excluding $0.07 per share associated with the interest rate swaps primarily in the second half, we see that the effect of the share repurchase in 2007 was favorable by about $0.04 per share. Now let's recap our financial position as we head into 2009 and a scenario that we feel very good about. We finished the year with $178 million of cash on hand, net free cash flow was about $150 million for the year. We realized about $40 million in working capital improvements during the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter of 2008. We continue to have significant drawdown capacity on our multi-year revolver and we have very little debt maturities required this year. What is next? Well, we clearly we will face additional challenges in 2009 including volatile currency parity, higher pension expense probably in the range of $5 million to $10 million on an incremental basis, and there is still uncertainty regarding global economic growth. We will continue to manage our operating costs taking into consideration near-term market demand as well as our long-term growth plans. Our management team remains focused on profit improvement. This said, we should see some easing in input costs by the middle of the year and we should benefit from lower interest rate spreads beginning in the second quarter. Last, while we have made progress in reducing our working capital burdens, we have additional opportunities in front of us. Now let me turn it back to Rob for his wrap up.
Rob Amen: Thanks Rich. In the fall of 2006, I set out a series of strategic goals for revenue, margins, and earnings per share. And since then we over delivered in 2008, pardon me over delivered in 2007; and in 2008 came in below our plan. I'm pleased with the progress IFF has made but I'm not satisfied. Given the external environment, we will face in 2009, weaker economies, currency parity shifts and the other burdens that Rich outlined it is going to be particularly challenging to meet our three-year goals. That said, our executive team remains committed to growing our sales faster than our market growth, improving operating margins by reducing cost, leveraging volume, and growing EPS. 2009 will be a very challenging year in which to operate. We will, however, continue to pursue these goals. Now, let us look ahead. As I said, we will continue to pursue our growth strategy because we believe in the long-term growth potential of the global economy. It is likely we will see some below trend line growth in the periods ahead, but I believe in time the developed world will recover, and the emerging world will regain its growth rates of 6% to 8%. That said, it is unusually difficult to forecast the first quarter. Given what I see today in our forecasts an order book, it appears to me that we are on track to have local currency sales to be roughly in line with the first quarter of 2008, perhaps, a little bit lower, perhaps a little bit above. The currency shifts that Rich outlined will be a drag on the top line of about 5%, and that will likely impact our earnings per share by $0.04 to $0.06 in the quarter. We will continue to pursue our improvement initiatives. Raw materials will likely still be high in Q1 because of the way the cost flowed through our inventory. I believe that raw material costs will begin to abate and we will see a benefit of that starting in the second quarter. In 2008, IFF continued to progress. Sales and earnings per share were both records. We strengthened our company and certainly the future presents many challenges. However, I have remained very confident that IFF will grow faster than our markets and improve its profitability. Now Rich and I will be very happy to answer questions. Sunny, if you could manage the flow of questions.
Operator:
 :
Erik Sjogren – Morgan Stanley: Yes, good morning.
Rob Amen: Good morning Erik. Glad you are here.
Erik Sjogren – Morgan Stanley: Good morning. I have just one question, I mean a lot of the staples companies have now in the fourth quarter been talking about significant destocking will retailers et cetera. Has this impacted order sizes, order volumes, frequencies et cetera on your end too or –
Rob Amen: As I mentioned when I commented about North America, we are seeing I think many cycles at varying places, reducing orders, and then catching up, and I think that is going to be highly likely that in the quarters ahead were going to see those short-term volatility. In the end, when I take a look at some of these – our customers announcing, you know, they are still anticipating volume to be plus or minus 0% to 1% or so, but I think the way they managed the order flow will present some quarterly challenges. As I pointed out in the third quarter, North America where we saw the early destocking, our sales were flat year-over-year. That turned around and sales in North America were up a strong 4%, well faster than the economy because the destocking had gotten too far. So, I think we will see that volatility on a go forward basis.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: Hi, good morning. This is actually Ryan Bennett here for Lauren today.
Rob Amen: Hi, Ryan, how are you today?
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: Doing well, good morning. So, I guess, one very quick question and then a broader one, first just on the pension expense, can you give us a sense of how much of a hit that will be in ‘09?
Richard O'Leary: Like I said incrementally ‘09 versus ’08, it is in the range I would say between $5 million and $10 million incrementally.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: And perhaps everybody would benefit Rich, if you just explained what is the source of that? Why is pension expense up in ‘09 versus prior period?
Richard O'Leary: There is really – the biggest component of that is the decrease in pension assets across the spectrum of the US and European plants. And while the assets from a performance standpoint, we had much less exposure than the board of markets because the mix of our investments in stocks and – bonds versus stocks, there still is a significant impact year-over-year in terms of the erosion in the assets. And there has been some changes in terms of interest rates, some slight modifications in the interest rates and the discount rates that we used year-over-year.
Rob Amen: Some of you may recall, we actually froze a US pension plan more than a year ago. And this incremental charge is really related to the decline in the equities market, and that decline has to be recognized over a period of time. So, I suspect IFF will be one of many companies facing this added burden, and it is a non-cash charge in the short run, we don't have to add – we don't make cash contributions but it is going to be a burden and that will be over the next several years. Correct?
Richard O'Leary: Yes, depending upon the recovery in the assets, but there is amortization in the spreading mechanism that does – the impact is not felt immediately but if the equities and the planned assets stay where they are today there is going to be an increase in burning over the next five years.
Rob Amen: Okay, Ryan. Now, you brought a question. Hello?
Operator: Your line is open.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: Okay, great. So Rob when you're thinking about 2009 broadly, it is sort of an unfair question because there is not that much visibility. In fact I think you know, (inaudible) didn’t even provide guidance this morning for 2009. So just in very loose terms, if volumes were to come in much lower than you expected, what sort of flexibility are you building into the P&L to be able to absorb some of that.
Rob Amen: Yes, that is a hypothetical question and really isn't a good one to handle because, you know, we are not seeing it globally. We are going to be agile where we are really committed to delivering on our plan and growing and we will adapt it. We are shifting our investments in people and assets. We have clearly cut back a little bit more in the developed countries but we will continue to invest where we see the market opportunities. And I want you to remember that our ‘09 isn't just going to be defined by the market. I believe we grew faster than the market distinctly in Flavors and I believe, in a large number of segments in fragrances because we have got really winning fragrances and winning flavors. And we are going to continue to press that. If we see volumes deteriorate we will have to make adjustments, but I don't want to theorize on where or how we will do that. We have ongoing things. We want to improve our footprint, our supply chain, but that we are going to do because it is the right thing to do. We might accelerate it in certain areas but we are going to continue to pursue our internal initiatives and that is what is really behind this improvement plan to have a leaner, more focused, more effective organization.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Moving on to Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Hi, guys.
Rob Amen: Hi, Mike.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: When you take a look at ’09, maybe you can just give us a feel for, you know, in total what you're doing internally that you know can keep earnings on an uptrend and given, you know, assuming foreign currency holds where it is now and, you know, what type of volume or market demand backdrop would you need to see to keep your earnings sort of on that positive trend in ‘09 versus ‘08. Is there enough there internally and what may be new product wins that could offset the foreign currency and some other negatives that you have to grow earnings?
Rob Amen: Mike, good question, tough question. Let me see how best I can answer it. First of all, if the dollar stays where it is and it's about a 5% drag all year, that's a $0.20 to $0.25 drag on the potential for the year.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Okay.
Rob Amen: And that if it just stays, you know, where it is for the entirety of the year and doesn't come back and certainly forecasting the dollar is something I don't feel we have the expertise to be able to pull off. The internal initiatives are those that, you know, and some additional, you know, we finished our outsourcing of the back office of finance that will have a benefit next year. We have a number of initiatives. We have talked to you about the businesses of extenders and materials, lower cost. We are working with our customers. If we get all of our internal initiatives achieved and that is, you know, that's not entirely locked down. I mean there is always a risk to timing and to the magnitude and volume was roughly flat I think we, you know, we would deliver an increase in earnings. So you know, we don't believe this year is, you know a year where it has only got a downside. We've got to do a lot of things right to be able to deliver an increase in earnings, but it is extraordinarily difficult to trust or forecast the circumstances of our customers and the currency markets. We are going to stay as I indicated, we are committing to a long-term plan and that's what we're holding ourselves accountable to.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: So I guess the way to look at it Rob, is that you are looking for market demand to be down, you know, 1% to 3% and then you would all perform to get the flat volumes for the full year.
Rob Amen: I don't think we are seeing market demand being down 1% to 3%. I mean I – I mean just take a look at the Flavors business over the course of 2008. We said was up 6. Yes it was up roughly 3 in the second half. The second half was as tough as second-half with the sharp reduction in the US GDP. So, in our fragrance business, which really started out with the burden in the first half recovered and was down a fraction of 1%. So I mean we're looking and believing that things are to be, you know, as I said very close to 0 maybe a little above, maybe a little below on a global basis. If we do well we can be above that. There is always a risk that the markets will be weaker than that and there is the potential that they be somewhat stronger. But this is not a year that is a wipe out by any means.  I think we can do well and with the platforms of excellence, the product introductions, I think we're winning a lot. You know, I'm very impressed with what our fine fragrance team has done. You know the fourth quarter was probably a tougher consumer spending quarter as anybody can recall and our fine fragrance sales were up nicely because we had enough new wins to overcome whatever the market did and we are seeing that functional fragrance did a nice job. The fragrance ingredients really varies along with the overall market and as I said I think our Flavors team is just on a roll and continues to win for lots of good reasons. So, you know, we are still looking to try to make 2009 positive.
Mike Sison – KeyBanc: Right thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions). We'll take our next question from Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan.
Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Hi, good morning.
Rob Amen: Jeff, it is nice to see you over here.
Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Good. In your press release in one part you say that the unusual tax benefit was $17 million and then in the fourth quarter highlights, you say excluding tax benefits of $20 million. What is the difference between the 17 and the 20.
Rob Amen: Jeff, there are small items that when pulled together don't have a significant impact on a net income basis, but in looking and trying what a normalized effective tax rate we wanted to highlight the difference. But did the one transaction itself was the $17 million and then we had some small adjustments to pluses and minuses to our deferred tax balances and our accruals that on a cumulative basis was another $3 million bucks.
Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Okay, and second Richard, do you have that helpful slide very you show your input costs hurting you by $0.47, and I think you said that the net detriment for the year was about a dime, and so you know, if you make a couple of calculations what that would point to is your prices being up about a couple of percent this year, is that correct?
Rob Amen: Yes that is in that range. I mean it is in the range of 2% pricing.
Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Okay, I guess just a general question for Rob, when you look at 2009 do you think the Flavor business will be stronger of the Fragrance business or do you think that there will be a different pattern in terms of quarters?
Rob Amen: Pardon me as I put my car-neck [ph] hat on Jeff.
Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Thank you. Or if you can’t tell that is fine too just, you know, if –
Rob Amen: Sitting here today I would believe that our Flavors business will probably have more favorable comparisons to our fragrance business, given that risks, you know this downturn we are now seeing accelerated in Europe. I think it will impact fine fragrance in Europe.
Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Yes.
Rob Amen: You know, it is not clear. We are seeing good stability in functional fragrance, but I think that the burden for fragrance business is really going to be consumer discretionary, and that is possible for me to forecast. The Flavors business they've just done a good job, their broad-based. I think they've got a lot of good things going on there, maybe a little bit better market dynamics. So, I would anticipate flavors being a little plus up to the fragrances. That is helpful and then lastly in the quarter you said in the release that your compensation expense in the fragrance unit was lowered by about $10 million versus the previous year. A sort of – can you talk about the magnitude of that charge, and why wasn’t there any comparable charge in flavor unit. There was a decrease of about $10 million related to incentive with the fragrance business, and there was about as I mentioned earlier in the comments about (inaudible) in Flavors for the quarter. So it was a reallocation between the corporate component of it and the two business units when we made the adjustments in the third quarter, and we reallocated. We did it at about a global level, but we at that point in time hadn't gone back and said this is the piece business by business and the corporate component of it. So, we're shifting just internal costs between the three components.
Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan: And Richard, what you think your tax rate will be next year?
Richard O'Leary: You know, on a normalized basis we were at about 27 1/2% this year. I would expect that inch downward next year. You know, in the range of, you know (inaudible) would be maybe 27, but it is going to go down you know, a couple of basis points.
Rob Amen: Jeff, let me come back. You raised a good point of incentive comp. Our pay for performance system here, you know, we adjusted, we made a big point of what we are doing with incentive comp, overall, but it also varies by the performance of the business unit and that is all you are doing as we were allocating as Rich says. Incentive comp is down in a way from ‘07. If we achieve our full plans next year, incentive comp would go back up, which is we assume in our planning that (inaudible) we will in fact achieve the plan and then we would make target incentive comp, and that would be a delta of something between $15 million and $20 million.
Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan: That is helpful. Okay thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator instructions) We will take a follow-up from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: Hi. Just a very couple of quick ones actually, I just wanted to circle back on some comments that were made on the fine fragrance segment. As I understood it, it was beauty care and toiletries that was weak and not the perfume and cologne piece of that business.
Rob Amen: That is true on our performance not the market comment – that is our performance.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: On your performance, I guess what I'm trying to understand maybe just that one segment alone, given the pretty significant declines we are seeing in that category now. Is it that you're not seeing destocking because you already had it earlier in ‘08, and that you are not going to see an additional wave. Are you actually seeing some changes in your order rates in January based on how the holiday season was. I just, may be trying to get an understanding of how that businesses is looking.
Rob Amen: Very good and fair question. You know, I think there is no topic we have spoken of more than fine fragrance. That was a massive inventory correction that occurred in the first half of the year and, you know, we thought we would see it play out pretty much by the end of the third quarter. We think that is what happened. There might have been a little bit within the normal bands in the fourth quarter. We may see a little bit more. It maybe in Europe a little bit more than the United States, but the real reason on our fragrance folks are doing better is because they have won more business. We had a much better win rate and that and we knew that starting early in ‘08, and that is why over the course of the year we were optimistic and said we believe the comparability numbers we're going to start to look good. I am not aware – we are not seeing anything right now that suggests there is any kind of repeat on the inventory correction that we saw a year ago. The first-quarter ‘09 numbers look to be more stable.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: Okay, and then to the functional side where you said there might be more of a challenge for the Fragrances business this year. Are you seeing, it's just because it sounds there is pantry deloading and then retail destocking and then who really knows what is happening with the distributors and the manufacturers themselves have inventory to work through. Have you really not seen any changes there in reorder rates from your customers yet, or how should we think about that business in ‘09. Is that something that it will be down maybe?
Rob Amen: Be more challenging. I said the challenge is going to be in fine because of the uncertainty. Functional has been very steady and if you look at the quarter, the sequential comparisons as we went through the year, functional fragrance has been very stable, you know, it was up 3% in the first quarter versus the prior year, then it was down 1% on the second, flat in the third, and up 1% in the fourth. So, it has actually been fairly stable and that's the kind of put it takes. We – there are at any given time somebody doing, you know, product changes so they destock or they are stocking up and we have seen a little bit of that amongst the majors, but we haven't seen a massive destocking by the – our customers for whatever reason. There has been some normal typical surprises up and down, but nothing significantly and at this stage as we look out we don't see it in the immediate future.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: Got it, okay. And then just two very quick questions. One, now that some global cost savings are clearly coming through and the pricing seems to be sticking, and the raw material picture is beginning to look better, I understand of the benefits we won’t be seeing until the second quarter. Thinking about ’09, even if volumes are weak, do you think that we could see year-over-year margin improvement?
Rob Amen: I think if on operating margins, yes, because most of the problem is, you know, pension expense, incentive comp is going to be below line. If we get our margin initiatives underway, gross margins – yes, gross margins I think we are looking to head up, you know, head up.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: And that the 18% operating margin target.
Rob Amen: It is going to be impacted by the mix. It is going to be by region in some currency but over time I think we're going to trend higher. It won't be a smooth line.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: Okay, and then in terms of the 18% operating margin target, is that still something that seems feasible for you today?
Rob Amen: Well, you know, it's a long way from where we are today and I'm not going to tell you we are going to make it no matter what, but we're not quitting on it. That is our goal. We are going to get there and I think I said as much as a year ago we don't get there by the end of the year, we will continue to push on it but we believe we can get there and that is important for our business to provide the kinds of profitability we need to invest in people and technology and facilities going forward. So, we want to get up above 18%.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: Great. And the very last question is just if you could provide an update on how the CFOs are just going.
Rob Amen: It is going.
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: Right okay.
Rob Amen: (inaudible)
Ryan Bennett – Barclays: Got it. Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Good morning guys.
Rob Amen: Good morning John. How are you?
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: I wanted to understand the compensation allocation on accounting process, so it doesn't affect the bottom line but your crew at the overall company level and then late in the year, the fourth quarter, you figure out what the allocation is going to be between Fragrance and Flavors depending on their relative performance for the year.
Rob Amen: We try to do it as we move through the year. If you recall, we made a major shift in the third quarter, which we took at the corporate line and all this is okay now. We are going to push it down from the corporate to the two businesses. That's – it was simply that.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Okay. So it is just affecting the presentation of the two segment results.
Rob Amen: Yes, it is correct.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Secondly, I think you said first-quarter ‘09 at current currency rates you might have a $0.04 to $0.06 earnings headwind and then I think, you said at current rates it might be $0.25 for the full year ‘09. I would expect by the fourth quarter of ’09, you kind of anniversary the current rate. So, you would have a very small effect if any in the fourth quarter ‘09. How do we – in the first three quarters here how do we go from 4 to 6 in the first quarter to 25?
Rob Amen: Had a significant impact in the second and third quarters, which is when the dollars weakened the most during 2008.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: So it will be high single digits to approaching $0.10 in the second and third quarter at current rates, meaning if you are 4 to 6, midpoint is 5, we are talking close to $0.20 in the second and third.
Rob Amen: We haven't done that detail and I probably shouldn't have – I was just, you know, just sort of extending the $0.04 to $0.06 over the course of the year, which probably was not the most accurate way to do it. It is going to be a drag and I think it is going to be most pronounced in the first half and a little bit less on the second half, but it will still be there.
Richard O'Leary: I still think it'll be most pronounced in the second and third quarters.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Okay.
Richard O'Leary: Weakened the most, I think (inaudible) significantly in the fourth quarter. So –
Rob Amen: But as we are not going to – we will keep you posted on that as we progress, but we're not going to be forecasting the quarters ahead.
John Roberts – Buckingham Research: Lastly, when raw materials spiked upon your customers they did some reformulation to try to lower their base material costs and that gave you an opportunity to go in and adjust the fragrance package to match the new base materials. With raw materials coming down is there a reformulation that occurs again at the customers that may be allows you to get in and change your products and give you some mix effect here.
Rob Amen: You know, our customers are always looking to improve the effectiveness. I don’t know that they are going to want to go back and reformulate to a higher cost, because the materials, if it is – if the product is performing with the consumers and they are happy in a commercial sense, I don’t think they are going to mess with it. They are always after us for ideas on how do we improve the effectiveness and the cost of their products. So that is an ongoing part of our business. I think we have already started to see some of that reformulation benefits flow through. There will be more of that in 2009. That is an ongoing part of the business.
Operator: And it appears there are no further questions at this time.
Rob Amen: Well, thank you all very much for taking the time and we look forward to speaking with you in the future, and should you have any issues, feel free to call Rich or me, and good luck to you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation.
Rob Amen: Thank you Sunny.
Richard O'Leary: Thanks Sunny.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Yvette Rudich - Director of Corporate Communications Rob Amen - Chairman and CEO Rich O'Leary - Interim CFO
Analysts: Silka Koopf - JPMorgan Mike Sison - Key Banc Markets Ryan Bennett - Barclays Capital John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group Frank Bisk - Pilot Advisors LP Richard O'Reilly - Standard & Poor's Operator At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the International Flavors & Fragrances third quarter 2008 Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the formal question-and-answer portion of the conference. As a reminder this call is being recorded and participants will be announced by their name and company to give all participants an opportunity to ask questions. We request a limit of one question per person. I would now like to introduce you to Yvette Rudich, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Rudich. Please go ahead.
Yvette Rudich: Thank you, Sarah. Hello, and welcome to the IFF third quarter 2008 conference call. With me are Rob Amen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Rich O’Leary, Interim Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release in 10-Q were filed this morning and are available on our website, iff.com, under the Investor Relations section. As you know, during this call, we may make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today, so they contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, I ask that you refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in today’s earnings release and in IFF filings with the SEC, available on our website. Some of today's prepared remarks will exclude those items that effect comparability. These excluded items are captured in our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations available on our website. Here is what we are going to cover on today's call. Rob will open with an overview of our third quarter highlights performance, and follow that with some business unit performance update. Then Rich will provide a review of our Q3 financial results. Following closing comments from Rob, we will then take your questions. Now, let turn the call over to Rob, our Chairman and CEO.
Rob Amen: Thanks Yvette. Good morning and welcome to those listening in. Let me get directly to our third quarter results. Despite the numerous economic challenges of the past several months IFF posted a good quarter. Reported sales grew 6%, measured in local currency sales were up 2%. Operating margins were 16.3%. Input costs rose slightly more than the 5% we have seen recently. Our overhead costs were flat year-to-year on a report basis and this quarter also benefited from an unusually low incentive compensation expense, which Rich O'Leary will discuss more fully later. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.75 a share versus $0.71 last year. I believe this is not exactly comparable. Analytically there should be some level of incentive compensation. My analytically adjusted EPS number would be $0.70 versus the $0.71 reported last year; but let me turn to the business overviews. IFF again benefited from a strong sales performance in the Flavor business, up 5% in local currency. These results were driven by very strong growth in the key emerging markets. The European region, which has been a concern recorded growth of 3% in the local currency. In North America, sales were flat year-over-year. The sales growth was helped both by pricing and volume gains, especially in the beverage and confectionary sectors. The Fragrance business performance in Q3 was inline with our expectations and showed progress from earlier this year. Fine and Beauty has been struggling since the end of 2007. I am pleased with the progress reported for this category. Yes, local currency sales were down 1% in the third quarter, but that is against a very strong year-ago quarter, when sales in local currency grew 8%. The inventory adjustment related to Christmas 2007 is over. We saw good sales growth in this category in July and August and in the early part of September. After mid-September sales did weaken, over concerns for unfortunately, now Christmas 2008. We had a good improvement in wins over the past year. That said Fine Fragrance faces a challenge due to the current economic and retailing conditions.  Functional Fragrances were flat year-over-year. I was pleased to see the improvement in North America. Asia continues to grow, while sales slipped in Latin America and Europe.  The Ingredients business strategy is to prune and grow its product portfolio, despite the selected pruning; sales were flat year-over-year. The Fragrance business recovery is progressing and yes, we have further to grow. Those are the quarter headlines, now Rich is going take you into more detail. Richard.
Rich O'Leary: Thanks Rob, and good morning to all of you. This is the first time I am presenting the results. You will see that we made some changes to the format and content somewhat from prior quarters. As always they may be some slight differences in the tables due to rounding. Let's start by taking a look at consolidated sales. We had good results but we are not satisfied. Sales increased 6% on a reported basis, driven by continued gains in flavors, price, and positive currency. Local currency sales increased by 2%, this represents the 12th consecutive quarter of local currency sales growth. On the next slide, we can see the drivers that impacted year-over-year sales. Pricing added 2% across both businesses. This was better than previous quarters, but overall we still lag in input costs. We had a modest increase in sales volume, and currency added another 4%. Conversely, mix was weaker, mainly due to lower Fine and Beauty activity. In terms of profitability on slide 11, gross margin was down a 119 basis points, reflecting weaker sales mix, high input cost, and partially offset by price realization and currency. Operating margin improved 80 basis points to 16.3%. As we look at performance, we eliminate the effects of certain items. In the second quarter 2007, we had a charge of $5.9 million for the curtailment of our U.S. pension plan. For the 2008 quarter, we had $2 million of cost to implement our global shared service center; and lastly, third quarter 2008 had much lower incentive comp expense compared to 2007. Let me walk you through this last item. Incentive comp has accrued over the course of a year. However, in assessing our results versus target through the 9 months, we determined that very little incremental expense was required during the third quarter 2008. On the other hand, had the year-to-date expense been recorded equally over the three quarters, an additional $5.7 million of expense would be reflected in the third quarter. Reallocating this $5.7 million and excluding the $2 million in implementation cost, the adjusted operating margins for the third quarter, 2008, was 15.7%. This compares to 16.5% for the third quarter 2007, excluding the pension curtailment. This 80 basis point GAAP represents a significant improvement, compared to last quarter's GAAP of 140 basis points. Now let's take a look at the individual business performance in a bit more detail. From a sales perspective we are quite pleased with the 5% local currency sales growth for Flavors business. We continue to see significant gains in our beverage business and solid growth in confectionary. These were slightly offset by lower activity in the dairy category. How does this translate to the bottom line, while we had an 8% increase in operating profit and this reflects volume growth, solid sales mix, lower overhead expenses, and partially offset by higher input costs. At the same time, we continued to make select investments to support future growth. We do expect to achieve further price realization in the coming quarters, and several cost mitigation programs should begin to benefit the fourth quarter. Turning to our Fragrance business on slide 14; there were mixed results for the quarter. Overall sales were flat in local currency. Greater Asia had solid growth of 6% in local currency, considering flat sales in China due to the Olympics. The rest of Greater Asia had local currency growth of 8%. Latin America had gains in Fine Fragrance and new business for Ingredients, offset by lower Functional Fragrance activity. In North America, Fine and Beauty was down 14%, but this is a far cry from the 30% decline in the first quarter of 2008. At the same time we are encouraged by 7% growth in Functional Fragrances.  Fragrance operating profit declined 2% for the quarter. Lower Fine and Beauty volumes and higher input cost represent a challenge. We have achieved some price realization, but we have got ways to go across most of the Fragrance business. We will continue to focus on price realization and mix improvement. We will make choices regarding this discretionary spending without jeopardizing those areas of the business that are growing. Input costs are a major topic of discussion in today's environment. Let me update you on where we stand. For the quarter input costs were up 5.4%, higher than the second quarter increase. Input costs are more than just raw materials, which account for approximately 70% of the total. In addition to raw materials, personnel costs is the next biggest category, followed by items such as energy, shipping, packaging and facility-related costs. We can not sit around and hope that the input costs abate. To mitigate increases we are using a variety of tactics. First, we work with our customers to achieve a reasonable cost recovery through pricing. Also working with them we identify product reformulations or material substitutions that benefit both parties. Internally we regularly assess make versus buy options and we leverage gains in overall manufacturing efficiency and yields. As I mentioned earlier, we have made progress in cost recovery during the quarter, there is still a gap for the quarter and the nine month period. Now, I would shed some more light on raw materials. On slide 17, you see the top five purchase categories. They represent approximately 7% of our total raw material spends and not surprisingly building blocks like aroma chemicals and naturals are our largest categories… What are the influences on price? It ranges from profitability for most naturals toward the alternative use value for turpentine. The petrochemicals, we use, we buy are not direct commodities; instead they are byproducts of the cracking process. Overall correlations are not strong enough for us to have many opportunities to hedge our raw material purchases. We maintain strategic stocks to ensure the availability of critical materials like naturals as well as to take advantage of pricing opportunities. We have a lot of money invested in inventory. There were some specific issues that required us to build inventories during the first half of 2008. These biggest positions have begun to unwind and we have seen a corresponding drop in day's inventory on hand. We expect to realize additional improvements in quantities on hand during future quarters. On slide 18 we see a condensed income statement. The complete statement can be found in our filings. All the amounts are shown on a reported basis. Gross profit increased 1% year-over-year, versus a 6% increase in sales. The unfavorable leverage reflects weaker shift of mix, higher input costs that could be only be partially offset by price recovery and currency. Overhead expense, which includes R&D and selling and admin was flat year over year. Interest expense was up $9 million. $6 million of the increase relates to the 2007 placement and another $4 million is due to wider LIBOR interest rate spreads on two cross currency swaps. It is worth noting that earlier this month we closed out one of the cross currency swaps as well as one of the fixed to floating rate swap, both at zero cost to the company. Bottom line net income decreased 2% to $58 million but combined with the 10% decline in average shares outstanding reported EPS was 9% higher. Excluding implementation loss in 2008 and a curtailment charge during 2007, adjusted EPS increased 6% to $0.75 per share versus $0.71 per share last year. In a challenging environment we have good financial results. Reported EBITDA increased 7% on a 2% local currency growth. Currency is another area of focus for most companies. In our case for the third quarter 2008, we estimate the currency favorably impacted earnings per share by $0.3 compared to 2007. There is a lot of noise in that number but all things being equal I estimate that 1% change in the U.S. dollar exchange rate has a $0.1 per year impact on EPS. Before going into the details on EPS year-over-year, let me take a moment to walk you through how we look at the third quarter results. This is our view, this is not GAAP based. The adjustments we discussed earlier such as implementation cost and curtailment loss of 2007, pretty straightforward. Incentive comps a bit more complicated. It can not be viewed in isolation; instead it moves in line with the overall results of the company. At June 30th, 2008, we had accrued $18 million. Based on Q3 results and our estimates for the year another $400,000 was recorded during the third quarter of 2008.  From the accounting standpoint it is not appropriate to restate prior quarter's accruals to reflect the latest assessment and current performance. However, we think it’s more reasonable to reflect an equal amount of expense in each quarter. Doing so, adds $5.7 million of expense to the third quarter of 2008. The S&A operating profit and EPS shown on slide 20 reflect this reallocation of one third of the year-to-date incentive comp expenses. As well as the exclusion of other items such as implementation cost and the curtailment charge that I mentioned earlier. On a management basis, S&A is down year-over-year, and GAAP in operating profit margins for the third quarter is 80 basis points. The reallocation of incentive comp reduces the Q3 adjusted EPS by $0.5, to $0.70, while improving the first two quarters of 2008. Turning to slide 21 summarizes the individual components impacting earnings per share. Reported EPS was $0.73 per share versus $0.67 last year, whereas adjusted EPS was $0.75 compared to $0.71 in 2007. Let me point out a few items. You see the EPS impact related to currency, input costs and interest expense that I have discussed already. Net commercial includes volume, price, and mix. In this analysis, lower incentive compensation expense reflects the full year-over-year differential of $10 million. Finally the lower share count associated with last year's ASR was $0.8 per share. Maintaining liquidity and a solid balance sheet is important to all businesses. I feel good about where we are. We finished the quarter with more than $100 million in cash. We continued to generate healthy free cash flows. We have a commitment in place to roll over our YEN private placement later this month. We have ample drawdown capacity on our multiyear revolver.  In closing, our management team is focused on profit improvement. We have improved liquidity by reducing exposure to interest rate and currency fluctuations and we are working further to reduce our working capital requirements. Our foundation is solid, however we are working on alternative scenarios in case they are needed. 
Rob Amen: Thanks Rich. Let me try to address the future. Looking ahead today is more challenging than usual. However, we remain positive. Over the past couple of days, as I have read the announcement from many of our customers, I am encouraged that they are positive about the volume growth. Our expectation is that growth will, however, slow and it will be uneven as we look around the world. Europe and the United States will likely be in a recession for a few quarters. Latin America will most likely slow from the recent rapid growth they have enjoyed but we believe will stay positive. Asia, too, will likely slow. We are planning for GDP growth in greater Asia of 6% to 8% down from the double-digit growth of the past few years. Input costs have been a burden this past year. We still have not recovered all the increased costs we have absorbed. I am optimistic that the upward spiral of costs will abate, as we go through this global economic weakening. As of today, our order intake for Q4, 2008, indicates sales will be at or slightly higher than Q4, 2007, as measured in local currency. This could improve or decline as the quarter progresses. We are encouraged, given what we see today.  I believe the results for the quarter were good. Our Flavor business continues to be a stellar performance with good sales growth everywhere, but flat in the United States. Our Fragrance business is improving, and has more to do to restore margins into bill sales.  Our focus is on improving profitability. More needs to be done to recover the increased cost of materials and input costs. Our efforts to drive out costs from our organization will continue. We will balance our drive for improved results with investing in people and assets, to meet the needs of our future growth. I am comfortable with our sound liquidity position and modest leverage. I believe IFF strategy to help consumer products company build brands, is the right strategy, and will enable IFF to flourish and grow. Now Sarah, Rich now and I will be happy to respond to take questions.
Operator:
(:
):
Silka Koopf - JPMorgan: Good morning. This is Silka Koopf for Jeff. How are you?
Bob Amen: Good morning. Silka how are you today?
Silka Koopf - JPMorgan: I am okay. I think I guess I’ll ask my one question and get back into queue. Can you give you little bit of like an outlook as to what do you expect, will you expect gross to slow going forward. That is if I remember you said in the fourth quarter, the Fragrance business generally already had more difficult condition, I think that the Fine Fragrance business was down 7% in local currencies, Ingredients was down 1%, I think Functional was down 1% and the Flavor business was still stronger like 10% local currency growth. So is this slowing in the fourth quarter related mostly to the Flavor business or other businesses continue to slow from these levels?
Bob Amen: You lost me at the end. I didn't…
Silka Koopf - JPMorgan: So I guess is it the Flavor business that is slowing or other businesses -- has the Fragrance business, does it continue to slow even though the comparisons don't seem all that stringent?
Bob Amen: Well, at this stage as I said it is early in the quarter and it's really hard to project ahead. But I am not seeing a slowing. I told you that I thought our sales would be at or slightly above the year-ago quarter. Our Flavors business has been quite strong. They've consistently grown; I think Rich mentioned it is either 12 or 13 quarters in a row of local currency sales growth. We’ve seen the trajectory in the third quarter come down a little bit and there were some unusual circumstances. We did see a slowdown in Asia, we think in part due to the industrial restrictions in China during the Olympics. And it is very hard to see. We’ve seen our customers' results coming out. Most of them are talking about modest, I will call it 1% to -- generally in the 1% to 2% volume growth range. The Fragrance business has been flatter. We’ve gone through that. So I am not sure I’ll come to the conclusion you have, we're not either projecting a decline nor are we suggesting that the Flavors business is going to go into a decline.
Silka Koopf - JPMorgan: So maybe I can just to – I have just to clarify. So it seems like the rate of growth, though, are slowing and so what I was trying to figure out is whether the rate of growth that that is slowing, this pertains to the Flavor business or the rate of growth could also slow on a year-over-year basis in the Fragrance business?
Bob Amen: Well, it’s very hard for me to imagine that the rate of growth of our enterprises as we go into an economic downturn are going to accelerate. I think its going to be uneven. I don't have the data and I’m not willing to share that forecast. There was clearly a slowing in our third quarter relative to the prior six months for the enterprise. I don't have anything more to say other than we will -- we believe we're going to be either neutral or slightly higher, pardon me, I have a -- I don't know what I have but its getting my throat anyway. And there is a lot of this quarter left, so I don't really want to give you a hard forecast because I think that will its -- I just don't have the data to back up that forecast.
Silka Koopf - JPMorgan: Okay that's fair enough. I will get back into queue. Thank you.
Bob Amen: Thank you, Silka.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Mike Sison with Key Banc.
Michael Sison - Key Banc Capital Markets: Hey, good morning.
Bob Amen: Good morning. Yvette Rudich - Director of Corporate Communications Hi, Mike.
Michael Sison - Key Banc Capital Markets: And, when you think about the markets heading into a recession maybe give us a little bit of a picture what happened historically. Do the Flavors and the Fragrance industry typically stay positive, is it typically flattish, is it typically down a little bit?
Bob Amen: Well, my understanding, as you know, I don't have a long history here, but my understanding is that volumes have been relatively stable. Not uniformly, not consistently, but relatively stable. But I think this downturn is going to be different. I think that's -- we don't understand the severity of the downturn nor are we dealing with the same global economy. I mean, certainly I think people are expecting a fairly sharp contraction in the United States. Some contraction in Europe. We haven't dealt with China in prior periods. The growth we've enjoyed in Greater Asia, for example, in the Flavors business, even this year has been 10% and 20% higher. So is that going to decline to 5% or 10%? We will see. I mean, we know we have hundreds of millions of new consumers in China who are probably not going to turn the clock back. So I think we have a different scenario where the developed world may be a little bit more typical, with volumes being flat to slightly positive than most consumer staples, and the emerging world, I believe, staying positive in its growth. So I think those two things are -- I mean, I at this stage, I don't see that our strategy of balancing focus on the emerging world and growth there with continued market share gains in the developed world as needing to be adjusted.
Michael Sison - Key Banc Capital Markets: Okay. Then as a quick follow-up, when you look at the 2009 and you think about all the new project wins that you have sort of accumulated this year, how much growth does that support based on just the winds that will commercialize into '09 versus '08 next year?
Bob Amen: I can't give you a number on that, largely because that is one factor. I mean, right now we enjoyed growth in part because of the new wins, and the new wins more than offset the erosion we saw in old business. I can't forecast what that erosion is going to be for you, Mike. So I can't give you a net growth number. I feel very good about the wins we're carrying forward. The Flavors business continues to do well. Its current products are performing. It is picking up good wins. Our Fragrance business, quite honestly, we wouldn't have done as well in Fine fragrance this quarter except that they had such good win rate last year and that's continued into this current year. So, I think they have got some good momentum in Fine Fragrance. We have more work to do on Functional. So it really will depend upon what we see with our customers’ erosion of existing products.
Michael Sison - Key Banc Capital Markets: What is the gross number?
Bob Amen: Didn't give you one.
Michael Sison - Key Banc Capital Markets: Yeah, I know. Okay. I’ll get back in queue, thanks.
Bob Amen: I mean, that reminds me, routinely. We’ve had long-term goals in place since the fall of 2006. Of sales growth of greater than 4% measured in local currency, operating margins, and expansion and earnings per share growth of 11%. And those are strategic goals. Those are not earnings guidance. Those are the goals with which we use to prioritize initiatives in the company and to which we hold ourselves accountable. They are built into our strategic planning and our compensation systems. It is hard for me. I don't think it would be credible for me to say I feel as confident about doing -- having 2009 be consistent with those today as I might have been a year ago. I am not prepared to say were abandoning those goals. I think it simply a harder period of time to look forward into. But I believe and my colleagues and I are working hard to continue to improve both the sales growth, because we have lots of opportunities with innovation, which is what our customers want, and product growth, with margin recovery. Rich outlined we're starting to see some improvement on recovery with our customers but we have a lot more work to do. We've absorbed a lot, we have to work with them to restore that not just by simply raising prices, which won't help them but we have a series of other options. We're not abandoning our long-term goals and I'm not going to revise them here but I have to say that it's probably going to be more of a challenge to achieve those goals in 2009.
Michael Sison - Key Banc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Bob Amen: Thanks Mike Sison. Sarah?
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Ryan Bennett - Barclays Capital: Hi good morning. This is actually [Ryan Bennett] sitting in for Lauren today.
Bob Amen: Good morning Ryan. How are you? Yvette Rudich - Director of Corporate Communications Hi Ryan
Ryan Bennett - Barclays Capital: Hi. I had a couple -- actually I wanted to follow-up on that last question. We talked about your win rates, how -- has there been any change in terms of conversion to product launches? Are your customers beginning to pull back your new product activity just given the consumer environment?
Bob Amen: That's a good question. A couple of things going on as of right now, we're not seeing a diminution in the request from our customers to work on new initiatives. The activity and the value of briefs that we're working on both in Flavors and in Fragrances is higher today than it was at a comparable period a year ago. Now, there is some change in that. There is more focus on, instead of just new products it's hey, help us to take the cost out or help us sort a different price point. But the number of initiatives is, as I said higher than a year ago. 
Ryan Bennett - Barclays Capital: Yes, just a quick follow-up on that, I guess my question more was just in terms of not the new initiatives that you're working on but in terms of are they actually launching?
Bob Amen: No, that's the second part of it.
Ryan Bennett - Barclays Capital: Okay.
Bob Amen: We have not seen any change from a typical pattern. At any given time, some projects even when they are completed they don't launch and I'm just I’m going to look to my colleague across the table. I am not aware. I’m not aware, Nicola, I’m not aware of any meaningful change in pattern of the halting projects once you’re completed.
Rich O'Leary: In other words, you can’t see right now.
Bob Amen: Yeah. Nothing, we don't have any visibility in that line right now.
Ryan Bennett - Barclays Capital: Right. Just then on profitability, can you give us, first off, can you give us a sense of in terms of the local currency sales growth this quarter. How much of it came from volume growth versus. pricing?
Rich O’Leary: Well, if you look at -- if you look at the slide, we had volume, when you offset you have positive growth in the Flavors business, and there is a mix impact somewhat. The volume accounted for $2 million of the increase in sales. And price was about $13 million.
Ryan Bennett - Barclays Capital: Got it. So then I guess my question is. And just looking at profitability holistically, one of the things you cited as where is the driver of the profitability challenges this quarter is the raw material cost headwinds. But its hard to believe that the volume challenge has to be resulting in some sort of negative operating leverage, and I just wondered if you could comment on whether less fixed cost absorption is a factor in just the margin performance and what the outlook is for the next couple of quarters?
Rich O’Leary: Yes Ryan. I mean it does have an impact and that's embedded in the mixed component, which was unfavorable $4 million for the quarter. And that's why we're doing some of the things we mentioned in terms of looking at our cost structures and we’ll continue to look for productivity gains and efficiency gains.
Bob Amen:  Yeah, I would say this is a different we don't have big continuous process facilities with the exception of our chemical plants and they continue to run full. Most of our -- that are converting or compounding facilities are more flexible. Yes, if volume is down you get a little absorption but it is not a key driver of corporate growth. Clearly, we have to be looking at the alignment of our facilities longer term. And so, I would say its not a short-term P&L issue as much as a longer term issue of what's the array of facilities we need to meet the challenges in the future.
Ryan Bennett - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then, just my last question. In terms of pricing, how much of the pricing in the quarter was coming from Ingredients versus non-Ingredients?
Bob Amen: We don’t break that out.
Ryan Bennett - Barclays Capital: Okay. And just directionally?
Bob Amen: Well, again it flows through because some of the ingredients flows through our compounding. And the two can't get out of sync because it’s a little bit like some place I have a little bit more familiarity .You can't get a line up or increase if you don't get a box increase. Well, you can't get a compounding increase. If you don't get the compound increase you're not going to be able to hold the Ingredients increase. So its -- I wouldn't split those two up.
Ryan Bennett - Barclays Capital: But it seems as though you are getting price increases through to your customers, on the Functional and Fine Fragrance side?
Bob Amen: Yes, we are.
Rich O’Leary: Yes.
Ryan Bennett - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then can you just give us a sense of how much you're looking to recoup. It is 100% of the cost of inflation?
Bob Amen: No. I don't think it's realistic to expect that our customers are going to give us 100% cost inflation. I think they expect us to do things to help offset a portion of that. So we're not looking to them to be 100% there. There can be changes, there can be cost reductions, but I don't think it's realistic for our customers -- for us to expect our customers to give us 100 % recovery. I think it is a meaningful amount. I mean, percentage doesn't matter its going to vary. On this issue we don't deal with one quarter in isolation. I mean the time we have as we were slow to recover costs starting really in the fourth quarter of last year. And we've been lagging. So we have to build up, if you will accumulate margin loss that we need to restore. So there can be in fact at some point in the future periods of time when we're getting price increase there may be some cost debate. But it's got even out over time and work for the two of us.
Ryan Bennett - Barclays Capital: Got it, thanks so much.
Bob Amen: Thank you. Sarah?.
Operator:
(:
):
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Thanks, this is John Roberts sitting in for Joan Roberts.
Bob Amen: Hello, John Roberts.
Rich O’Leary: Hi to John of course.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: You had a $0.03 currency benefit in the current quarter. If rates hold at current levels, that flips obviously to a little bit of a headwind here in the next quarter. At current rates do you have any estimate, is it $0.02 or what kind of headwind are you facing from currency here in the short-term?
Rich O’Leary: As I said in the discussion, we look at it and this impacts on timing as it has costs and impacts flow through inventories. It is not a direct correlation but on a normal basis, a 1% change is about $0.01 per share per year.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: I know when but the math doesn't work out that way always instantaneously in a quarter. I was just saying if things just stayed, if you’d frozen where they were today and things didn't change. Do you have and estimate or a forecast?
Bob Amen: John, we can't forecast that. I mean the…
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: I wasn’t asking for forecast -- I was just asking.
Bob Amen: The Euro is backed up to I think about $1.26 today?
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: That's right.
Rich O’Leary: I don't know $1.28.
Bob Amen: $1.28. So, I mean it's so volatile it is very hard for us to forecast.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Right.
Bob Amen: I hate to put a number out there based on it, because people will forget the moment or the FX rate while we are making the earnings to their calculations. So I'm sorry we can't do that.
Rich O’Leary: I mean it's going to be headwind as you said but we don't have, I don’t have something that I am willing to say this amount.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Okay. You did provide some guidance towards flattish local currency sales growth in the fourth quarter. With the currency head wind - whatever it is, would it make flat earnings a challenge for you in the fourth quarter or do you think you have enough cost savings and internal action going on, that with flat local currency sales and the currency headwind you can somehow offset that?
Bob Amen: We don't give -- we haven't, we aren't and we're not going to give you guidance on quarterly earnings or annual earnings.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Okay. It was a good try, though.
Bob Amen: It was an imaginative way tog et there,
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: I am unfamiliar with your yen debt rollover issue but given the rapid recent strengthening in the yen, is there a translated dollar cost here in the fourth quarter that we need to be aware of? The yen has had a huge surge recently.
Rich O’Leary: It's a rollover of an existing loan. There is not going to be a significant change and impact on our results.
Bob Amen: And it really was entered into some number years ago as a natural hedge against our yen, our Japanese business. So it's really an economic hedge, as much as…
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Okay, it doesn't present some unique translation challenge here in the fourth quarter?
Bob Amen: Not that I am aware of.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take a follow-up from Jeff Zekauskas' line with JPMorgan.
Silka Koopf - JPMorgan: Yes, I have a follow-up question on incentive comp. So normally it seems in the fourth quarter SG&A costs move up because of incentive comp, how should it look this year in the fourth quarter? Should we expect another stepdown or should it be more of like a normal quarter?
Rich O’Leary: Well, I am not sure I followed your logic that says it is going to go up in the fourth quarter because of incentive comp. I think with a lower -- both the level of sales as a percentage of sales, selling and admin expenses are going to go up from the prior quarter. We -- given the third quarter where we had very little expense, those costs will go up somewhat but it depends upon our results.
Bob Amen: Yeah, I mean, this is we have a pay per performance incentive plan. And if the company, if performance would have to improve meaningfully to have compensation expense in the fourth quarter go up meaningfully. I mean, we took a look at it. Rich, we tried to provide as much detail, we have roughly $18 million of….
Rich O’Leary: Over $18 million.
Bob Amen: …of accrued, we might top that up a little bit but there is not going to be a significant increase in incentive comp, that I would expect.
Silka Koopf - JPMorgan: Okay. And, like a follow-up question regarding the shared services charge of $2 million in the quarter. Which I think is different from like the employee separation costs, of $3 million - $3.5 million that would take in the second quarter. Is this are we -- should we see similar expenses going forward or is this it?
Rich O’Leary: It’s not a charge what it was, we are in the process of transitioning our services to the outside provider and during this period we have duplicate costs. We’ve got our existing people still on hand transferring responsibility. Plus we're paying for their ramp up costs. So I do expect it to be down from the $2 million that we had in the third quarter, because we’ve gotten most of that done through the end of October. So it will go down.
Silka Koopf - JPMorgan: Okay, and if I could, a last question on currency again. And maybe I’m not factoring in like the Asian currencies correctly but if I just look at like the Euro year-over-year, I mean the Euro on an average basis was still up, maybe like I don't know, 9% in the quarter. And so like the currency benefit of like $0.03, seems too small or this 1%, $0.01. It may not be like the accurate impacts from currency translation. So can you reconcile this for me?
Rich O’Leary: Yeah. When we look, there’s really two components of the $0.03. On one hand there is an -- I’d call it an operating level. There is probably a $0.05 favorable impact. And then we had $0.02 unfavorable working capital, exchange gains and losses. If you look at the $0.05 and in our basis, taking the Euro as proxy it is up an 11%, 12% quarter-over-quarter. If you take that and look at that on an annualized basis, it comes out pretty close to be the $0.01 per share on an annual basis.
Silka Koopf - JPMorgan: Okay. Maybe I will follow-up on that off-line.
Bob Amen: Okay.
Silka Koopf - JPMorgan: Thank you.
Bob Amen: Sarah. 
Operator: We'll take a follow-up from Mike Sison's line of Key Banc.
Michael Sison - Key Banc Capital Markets: Hey, Rob, when you talked about I think you mentioned that in Fine Fragrances the -- June and July was performing pretty well then August was sort of -- I'm sorry, September -- I'm sorry, July-August was performing pretty well and then September was pretty weak. Can you give us sort of an order of magnitude of how September looked? Was it down significantly more than what the quarter did?
Bob Amen: Let me just say in early September, I thought we were going to be up year-over-year, in Fine Fragrance, Fine and Beauty Care.
Michael Sison - Key Banc Capital Markets: Okay.
Bob Amen: We wound up being down slightly. So now September is the big driver of the quarter. So you don't extrapolate that as you go forward. But it was -- we saw a change in behavior as there seemed to be an increase in concern about this coming Christmas and people were lightening up. I think it is interesting, the concerns -- everyone getting over last year's inventory issue and concerns for this year, my belief that is that the industry inventory is actually in pretty good shape. And I am hopefully, I mean I have no idea what Christmas is going to be but hopefully we will not face in the fourth quarter and first quarter ahead of us, the inventory correction we faced last year.
Michael Sison - Key Banc Capital Markets: Okay. Then are you seeing, and I guess one question would be, as consumers sort of struggle in 2009, they could move from even higher0end branded Functional Fragrances or eat more at home. Does that affect your business on a mix basis at all? When you look at the, maybe the consumer stepping down in terms of what they buy?
Bob Amen: Good question. You read in a number of companies reports about how consumers are not eating out, they are eating at home and that is helping some people and hurting others. It will cause some shift. It won't make that material an impact on our mix. Clearly as we work with our clients, our clients are adjusting their offer to the consumer needs of today. There is a concern about people trading down, trading out, trading down and out of important well known national brands into store brands and others. If it were to shift out and go into more store brands, that might have an adverse impact on us both well, primarily in volume. If it stays within the family of brands, I think we can do our own because we designed that in so it shouldn't have that much impact-- that a much of an impact.
Michael Sison - Key Banc Capital Markets: Okay. Then Rich when you take a look at the short fall between pricing and raw materials - -can you clarify how far behind you are on year-to-date?
Rich O’Leary: For the quarter about between 5 and $6 million, I estimate for the nine months between $20 million to $25 million.
Michael Sison - Key Banc Capital Markets: Yeah. And if raw materials fall heading into 2009, there seems to be a trend where a lot of commodities are coming down petrol and the metal based on and so forth, would you be able to hold on some pricing?
Bob Amen: Its always the commercial dynamic. We have to get out there and work with our customers because -- we're certainly going to be looking for some incremental price relief. And we've got to -- that's what where we're focused on. But I’ll come back and we're getting our pretty margins back on a structural basis towards that 18 plus percent is what we have got to do. We think that's what we need to do to be able to continue to invest in the technologies and science that they want us to have to create the products as well as meet the needs of our share owners and others. So, we have to work with them to meet their needs and do it in such a way and at such a cost that we're able to achieve our financial goals.
Michael Sison - Key Banc Capital Markets: Right. Then in terms of your free cash flow, you got some cash in the balance sheet, you sort of see where your stock is, sort of, can you buy more stock? Or are you looking to pay down debt? What sort of the priority for your cash at this point?
Bob Amen: You know what, sheer prudence says, I’d would rather have the money in my Jeans.
Michael Sison - Key Banc Capital Markets: Right
Bob Amen: I think you know that our stock is certainly undervalued as many companies in today's market. But I’m not sure how deep or how long this economic correction is going to be. And so I have to turn to Rich and our obligation is that we do the right thing long-term. I don't want to interrupt the key initiatives here. So as we generate cash we continue to generate a healthy amount of positive cash flow. We’ll let that accumulate on the balance sheet.
Michael Sison - Key Banc Capital Markets: Okay.
Bob Amen: It will make us feel sleep better.
Michael Sison - Key Banc Capital Markets: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Bob Amen: All right. Sarah, any more.
Operator: Yes, sir, we’ll take our next question from Frank Bisk with Pilot.
Frank Bisk - Pilot Advisors LP: Hi, my question has been asked and answered, thank you.
Bob Amen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to John Roberts with Buckingham Research Group.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Thanks. There were a couple of notable kind of recoveries in the business I think. The North American functional Fragrance sales you listed 7% positive from down. I think it was down 18%, 19% the last couple of quarters here. Did you win back business you lost or was that new business that replaced business you lost or how did you achieve that flip?
Bob Amen: I would love to be able to tell you we won back the business we lost. That's not the case. We won some new business in different areas. If you recall in the past, I’ve told you we were struggling in the area, and that hasn't changed because when you lose that business you lose it for a few years. But we are picking up some good business in many other areas and so that's why I’m encouraged in Functional and I think the team in the U.S on Functional is responding very well. A lot of good initiatives and I have a lot of confidence in them.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Secondly the recovery in the Fine Fragrance and Beauty Care area seems to be in Europe. You went from I think down 9% last quarter in local currency sales in Europe Fine Fragrance and you were up a percent actually in Europe this quarter. Was that just specific wins or specific customers or was that the economy there versus the economy here or…?
Bob Amen: No, I mentioned to you that really reflects the increased wins we had starting mid-year last year. It's a long time for these wins to come to market. So we had a very good win rate starting in the spring of last year, summer of last year. Those things are coming to market. The win rate continues to be encouraging. So the upside we're seeing comes from the new launches.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research Group: Thank you.
Operator: And we have one question in the queue that comes from Richard O'Reilly with Standard & Poor's.
Richard O'Reilly - Standard & Poor's: Oh, thank you. Good morning, everyone. I just want to follow-up on the input costs. Bob, on one of your last slides you have a line that says lower input inflation expected in '09. Are you still -- are you looking for your cost to rise in '09, or do you think that you could actually see a decline overall?
Bob Amen: I would hope we will see a decline. But at this juncture, I -- there is no evidence in the market. And you don't know, it's going to depend upon current seasonality, it’ll depend upon crop yields. So I do believe the rate of inflation will abate. Will it turn negative? I wish I had that foresight. I don't have it. So I am being a little conservative and assuming that we will continue to have some modest inflation and input costs, if there is. – If costs decline, that's -- that will be a positive.
Richard O'Reilly - Standard & Poor's: Okay. I think my -- Rich, I think my notes would say that you also saw a 5% rate in the second quarter, and I don't know what it was earlier in the year. So you've been running at about 5% for the year?
Bob Amen: Yeah, we were a less than five in the first quarter about five in the second quarter and now a touch above five in the third quarter.
Richard O'Reilly - Standard & Poor's: Okay, for me. okay, great. Okay. Thank you.
Bob Amen: Thank you.
Operator: At this time we have no further questions in the queue. Mr. Amen I will turn things over to you for closing or additional remarks.
Bob Amen: Thank you very much. I really do appreciate your continued interest. I think we all need to stay focused on the fundamentals. I think that the economic challenges are real. But at the same time, IFF has is part of an industry that meets consumers fundamental needs. And so I don't expect the sort of commodity cycle that we see in some areas, either going up or coming down. I believe this company is focused on building its business, with the key people, the key assets, the key markets. And I appreciate your interest and continued support of IFF and we hope that we will continue to meet your expectations and do well so. Thank you very much and I look forward to speaking with you.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for attending.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Yvette Rudich - Director of Corporate Communications Rob Amen - Chairman and CEO Doug Wetmore - CFO
Analysts: Mike Sison -KeyBanc Silka Koopf - JPMorgan Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers John Roberts - Buckingham Research Frank Bisk - Pilot Advisors Mike Sheridan - Cobalt Capital
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the International Flavors & Fragrances second quarter 2008 Earnings Call. Today's call is scheduled to last about one hour including remarks by IFF's management and then question-and-answer session. Today's conference is being recorded. And now at this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Miss Yvette Rudich, Director of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead ma'am.
Yvette Rudich: Hello, and welcome to the IFF second quarter 2008 conference call. With me are Rob Amen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Doug Wetmore, Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release in 10-Q were filed yesterday and are available on our website, iff.com, in the Investor Relations section. As you know, during this call, we may make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today, so they contain elements of uncertainty. For additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, I ask that you refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in this earnings release and in IFF filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available on our website. Some of today's prepared remarks will exclude those items that effect comparability. These excluded items are captured in our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations available on our website. Here is what we are going to cover on today's call. Rob will open with an overview of our second quarter performance. Then Doug will provide a review of our Q2 financial results. Following closing comments from Rob, we will then take your questions. With that, it is my pleasure to introduce our Chairman and CEO, Rob Amen. Rob.
Rob Amen: Thanks, Yvette and welcome to everyone. As you may have seen, International Flavors & Fragrances has reported good sales growth in the second quarter. With notable top-line gains in the world's emerging markets, where sales were up double-digits in many cases. This performance was achieved despite the lower growth in the North American market and Western Europe where the economies remain a bit of a drag on results. Specifically, total sales were up 11%, as reported. Using local currency figures, which we believe makes for a better comparison to prior periods; total IFF sales were up 4%. Turning to our businesses, Flavors, again, had a great quarter with sales up a strong 15% as reported and 8% in local currency. This is the eighth consecutive quarter of market share growth in that business. These results were driven by new wins, higher volume and low erosion of existing products. Our Fragrance business sales increased 8% as reported, or 1% on a local currency basis. It's worth noting that while the Fragrance business continues to be challenged in North America, this region's sales decline improved from the first quarter. And increases in other regions contributed to the positive growth for the quarter. Based upon what we saw this quarter, the inventory correction and Fine Fragrance we spoke of last quarter is nearing an end and we see light at the end of that tunnel. We have seen a good increase in our Fine Fragrance wins over the past six months, and expect these launches to contribute to the progress over the third and fourth quarter of this year and into 2009. Functional Fragrance results were impacted by slower growth at a few accounts, and pulled down by erosion in a couple of others, especially in North America. Lastly, our Fragrance Ingredients business has improved as we expected a result in part of the initiatives we discussed last quarter. The Fragrance Ingredients second quarter results reflect a bounce back from the weak first quarter. And I believe a six month '08 versus six month '07 comparison is more representative of the underlying demand which shows a positive 2% growth. Looking at the highlights of our operating results during the quarter, we saw raw material and input costs edging higher from the 4% I mentioned in the first quarter '08, to about 5% in the second quarter with transportation, energy and packaging costs contributed to the increase in raw materials. As you can see, these increased costs are having an adverse impact on our margins. Our operating margin was 16% in this past quarter, versus 18% in the prior year quarter. This decline is attributable to first; our cost recovery has not kept pace with our escalating costs. And secondly, we selectively increased our resource investments and staff in Eastern Europe, and selectively in Asia, to ensure we are positioned to capitalize on the growth in the markets we see there. From bottom-line perspective on an adjusted basis, earnings per share increased 13%, when adjusting for items provided as indicated in the press release. During the quarter, we completed our accelerated stock repurchase program, or ASR, which in total enabled us to repurchase nearly 10 million shares of stock. While not a second quarter item, in July we announced a 9% increase in our quarterly dividend effective in the third quarter. Both initiatives are consistent with our commitment to returning cash to our share owners. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Doug for more detailed review of our second quarter results. Doug?
Doug Wetmore: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, everybody. Let's begin with an overview of sales. This chart provides a breakdown of sales and growth by our two business units and as you can see, Flavors grew 15% in dollars on an 8% local currency increase. About two-thirds of the Flavors local currency growth was a result of new business won. Volume increases of existing businesses accounted for about 20% of the growth, and pricing accounted for the remainder of the Flavor sales increase. Fragrance sales increased 8% on the 1% local currency increase, and this represents an improvement from Q1 when Fragrances declined 4% in local currency versus the prior year quarter. Q2 growth was driven by Fragrance ingredients, will Fine and Functional, respectively, declined 4% and 1% in local currency. The Fine and Functional performance was mainly volume driven, partially offset by some price increases, and the Ingredients growth was split almost evenly between volume growth and price increases. As I mentioned in our Q1 call, in 2008 we've also begun to realign our portfolio of Fragrance Ingredients following the pricing pressure and margin compression we experienced in 2007. In the second quarter this year, Ingredients shed about $5 million of low margin products and for the first half, we've shed about $11 million of such sales. Just speaking of the foreign currency difference between local currency and the dollar, the primary driver of that difference was the euro compared to the prior year, and in the second quarter the euro was about 18% stronger than the 2007 second quarter. As you can see from the map, we had solid growth in each geographic region, but North America Fragrances. Having said that, North America improved over a very weak Q1 when Flavors was flat and Fragrances declined 23%. Europe reported strong growth over the second quarter last year, but quarterly sales benefited from the strength of the Euro, and sales were essentially flat in local currency for both Flavors and Fragrances. You have to have a cautious view regarding the European macroeconomic environment for the balance of this year. Latin American sales increased 21% and the growth was particularly strong in Flavors which grew 36% in the quarter, led by new wins and strong volume of existing creations. Latin America Fine Fragrances increased 29% as sales to essentially all Fine Fragrance customers in the regions improved. Greater Asia achieved excellent growth driven mainly by new wins and improving volumes. Asia sales increased 14% in local currency, and growth in Asia was strong in all product categories. Local currency sales to our top 30 customers, which account for about 56% of our sales, grew 3% in the second quarter. This pace of growth was somewhat lower than our overall growth rate and that's mainly due to the Fine Fragrance sales performance. Now let's discuss each of the business unit performance in a little more detail. As you can see, Flavors has continued to achieve very strong sales growth, however, in Q2, profit leverage was not what it had been in the last several quarters and there were a couple of factors that impacted this. First, it was a very difficult comparison with the second quarter 2007 when operating profit increased 31% on an 11% sales increase. The sales mix in Q2 of this year was less favorable than the past several quarters and we've had some increase in raw material costs, as Rob mentioned previously, that are beginning to flow through the P&L. And while we have achieved price increases to offset, overall operating leverage was still negatively impacted. And finally, again, as Rob mentioned, we are investing in certain initiatives, in terms of further building and improving our creative and sales development talent in certain geographies. Those initiatives increased expenses in the current quarter, but the corresponding benefit in sales growth will be evident in the quarters and years ahead. This chart depicts the percentage growth in Flavor sales in both local currency and reported dollars over the last three years. As you can see, the local currency sales performance for Flavors continues to excel, driven by increased wins and improving volumes. Flavors has grown 12 consecutive quarters in local currency and we're confident that such growth will continue. Again, as Rob mentioned, we've delivered above market growth for eight consecutive quarters now, increasing our market share during that period of time. The Fragrance operating environment continues to be challenging and Fragrance profitability has suffered, however, there was improvement from the first quarter of this year. Consistent with the first quarter, each geographic region other than North America had solid growth. North America improved in comparison to the first quarter when Fragrance sales declined 23%. However, the 11% decline in North America Fragrance sales still had a marked impact on profitability for the business unit as you can see. Volumes in North America fell sharply in Fine and Functional Fragrance compounds, and a strong 9% increase in Ingredient volume partially offset the weakness in the compound sales. The local currency sales performance have been quite strong throughout 2006 and much of 2007 for Fragrances, driven by new wins and the sustained success of existing creations. As you can see, the second half of 2007 was difficult in local currency terms, as was the first quarter of this year. The continued weakness in North America in the second quarter was more than offset by strong performances outside the United States, notably in Asia and Latin America. The Fragrance business unit returned to positive local currency growth in Q2 this year. Now, turning to consolidated operating results. As a summary, our sales increased 11%, resulting in a 7% increase in gross profit. As we've noted, product mix with continued weakness in Fine Fragrance and overall weakness in North America Fragrance compounds, as well as the material cost increases that Rob mentioned, were the primary factors impacting gross margin as a percentage of sales. While R&D expense increased this quarter in both absolute value terms as well as a percentage of sales compared to the prior year, exchange was a significant element of this increase. Excluding exchange, R&D would have increased about 7% versus the prior year quarter. Selling and administrative expenses increased 15% compared to the second quarter of '07. These expenses include about $3.4 million of employees' separation costs. Excluding these costs, selling and admin expense would have increased about 11% over the second quarter 2007, and would have been 15.9% of sales, in line with last year's quarter. Now in reconciling earnings per share, I think it's important to first set the table by reviewing the unusual items in the second quarter of 2007, and here is a reconciliation of that. You can see we reported $0.87 per share last year. In that result, we had a one-time gain on land sales, which was included in other income of about $0.04 per share, and we also had a substantial one-time tax benefit accounting for $0.11 per share. As adjusted, earnings per share for the second quarter 2007 was $0.72 cents per share. Now moving from that $0.72 per share to what we reported for the current year, as always, we've not isolated the impact of translation, so other than for shares outstanding, exchange is embedded in each caption and there's also some rounding in the analysis. But our sales growth added $0.09 per share and the gross margin decline reduced earnings per share by $0.07 per share. This was mainly due to the margin erosion in the North America Fragrance, the mix impact and the Flavors margin decline we've talked about. Research, selling and administrative expense, RSA expenses, reduced EPS by $0.04 per share, and the employee separation costs accounted for $0.03 of that $0.04 decrease. Other income and interest expense combined accounted for a net decrease of $0.03 per share. And this change resulted from interest expense which increased about $10 million in connection with the debt taken on to implement the accelerated share repurchase program. The interest increase was partially offset by favorable exchange gains compared to 2007. It was about a $3 million swing in the quarter. And there were no significant asset sales in the second quarter of 2008. Our overall ongoing lower effective tax rate favorably influenced the second quarter, adding $0.02 per share compared to last year. And then separately, we've broken out the impact of the reversal of certain reserves resulting from favorable tax results in various taxing jurisdictions during the quarter and that added $0.05 per share. We reduced the number of shares outstanding, adding $0.09 per share. And average shares declined 11% from the year ago quarter in connection with the completion of the ASR. The company repurchased no shares on the open market in the second quarter, although as you saw from the recent press release, we did account for the completion of the ASR. Taking into account all of these components, a reported earnings per share for second quarter 2008 were $0.83 per share. Now just to show you the impact of excluding the employee separation costs and the one-time tax benefit, this chart just identifies those two items and we come down to our reconciled or adjusted earnings per share for 2008 second quarter of $0.81per share. Looking briefly at the cash flow. For the six months ended June this year, cash flow from operations declined about $17 million from the prior year period, and there were two main drivers that account for that change. First of all, higher interest expense paid due to the debt taken on in connection with the ASR. Interest expense paid increased $22 million compared to the prior year period. And we also, as you can see from the statement of cash flows in the queue, a higher level of inventory purchases accounted for the use of $23 million more than last year's period. We have built up inventory of certain items and also the impact of higher purchase costs of raw materials are beginning to work their way through the financial statements. We remain pretty tight on capital spending for the quarter. For six months capital spending is just under $30 million, although that is going to accelerate in the third quarter as we progress with the construction of our new creative center in Brazil, an expansion of ingredient facilities in China, and a new creative and administrative center in China. We reduced debt by a modest amount during the quarter, and the overall dividend payout reflects the 10% increase announced last year, but essentially offset by a reduction in shares outstanding. Share repurchase activity is essentially unchanged from Q1 with the sole difference being some additional shares issued in connection with equity compensation programs. But as I said, the company repurchased no shares on the open market in Q2. Overall from a status perspective, our share buyback, year-to-date we've spent just under $30 million in share repurchase. In so doing, we've bought back about 700,000 shares and at quarter end, June 30, 2008, shares outstanding stood at just about $79 million, down 10% from the prior year quarter. We have a remaining authorization of about $269 million at the end of the quarter and just to remind you, the ASR concluded in June 2008 at which time we received about 2 million more shares than were initially received at the time we entered into the ASR. And total aggregate shares repurchased under the ASR were about 9.7 million at an average purchase price of $46.53. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Rob. Thank
Rob Amen: Thanks, Doug. While we're pleased with our performance this quarter, there's no denying that we faced some headwinds and we anticipate the second half of the year will hold some challenges. The external environment is very different from what it was 12 months ago or even six months ago. For instance, the key economies in the developed world continue to slow. And while there's still solid growth in the emerging economies, there are signs in Asia of slowing growth. China, for example, is projected to have GDP growth of 8 to 9%, down from greater than 11%. Additionally, cost pressures persist and I see no signs of this abating. As I mentioned earlier, this is having an adverse effect on our margins which we have to turnaround. We're undertaking several initiatives to offset the cost pressures we're experiencing. First, cost recovery. We have raised prices on many materials and products. However, we also prefer to work closely with our customers to recover these costs in a mutually beneficial way. One option to a price increase is to jointly reformulate products or formulas to reduce the cost impact. This may include adding substitutes or extenders to mitigate the cost increases. Secondly, we're re-examining make versus buy. We're actively evaluating the potential to make materials that we currently buy if it is economically advantageous to do so. Lastly, we have several ongoing initiatives to reduce our internal expense, such as the consolidation of back office functions which is going on right now and which will benefit us in 2009 as well as judiciously managing our internal costs and shifting resources from areas of lower growth to areas of greater opportunity. As many of you recall, in late 2006, we outlined a series of three-year financial goals. We said that over the period 2007 to 2009, we would increase sales by something greater than 4% a year in local currency. Our goal was to improve operating margins to above 18% at an annual run rate as we exited 2009. Our goals were to increase earnings per share on average initially greater than 10% and then we raised it to greater than 11% per year. Our approach to dividends was to increase dividends in line with earnings per share growth. We also indicated a goal to execute a stock repurchase plan and to pursue capability building acquisitions. Well, we're about halfway through this period, so it's a good time to reflect and to evaluate our progress. In 2007, we over delivered on our sales and earnings per share goals by increasing sales 5 percentage points in local currency and earnings per share growth of 14%. As I look at 2008 so far, sales are up about 3% in six months, operating margins, excluding non-recurring items was 16.8%, and earnings per share have increased about 11%. So we're a little behind this year's sales goals and clearly I am not comfortable with where we are in operating margins. As I mentioned earlier, we have increased our dividend 9% this year, bringing the total dividend increases since the end of 2006 to $0.25 per share or a 35% increase. As Doug mentioned, we've completed the stock repurchase ASR and that means since the end of 2006, the combination of open market purchases and ASR, we have bought in excess of $600 million of stock. While we have not made an acquisition, we continue to evaluate opportunities that will bring us capability or technology we don't currently have. So on balance, we've made good progress against our goals and I feel comfortable. I'm pleased, though not satisfied, with where we are today. We continue to chart a course to build a stronger company that offers above-average rewards to our customers, employees and our share owners. To continue to balance short-term performance with long-term goals, that's really what we're doing and that means our goal is to build a stronger, more profitable company. We must continue to invest to meet expected growth, and that means building some new facilities to increase our creative and technical capabilities, and to allocate greater resources in areas where we have been under represented in the past, areas such as Poland and Russia. IFF's success in part will be led by the growth in China, Russia, India and Brazil. R&D is a core capability for us and remains a high priority which we will continue to stress and invest in. We continue to make progress in this area. For instance, I am pleased with the delivery system progress we've made and the products that have been developed for the Flavors and Fragrance businesses. I believe they offer us and our customers an important opportunity to help differentiate their products in the marketplace. Building a stronger IFF also requires we invest in our people. We continue to attract, develop and retain the best and brightest from the global community. In addition, our people need the best tools and creative resources available. Therefore, we're selectively enhancing and upgrading existing facilities such as the creative centers in Brazil, and China and in New Jersey. These investments allow IFF to provide better customer support, enabling us to improve productivity, so we can grow our market share efficiently. In closing, I believe we have the strategies, people and products in place to grow IFF for the long-term. Now, before I open the call up to questions, I want to recognize Doug Wetmore. After a long and productive career at IFF, ten years as CFO, Doug is stepping out to pursue his dreams. I want to say thanks to, Doug for all that he has contributed to IFF over these many years and for personally how he has supported my entry into the company. Doug, you cast a long shadow and you will be missed. Thank you for all you've done.
Doug Wetmore: Thank you.
Rob Amen: Now, Matt, I think we can open up to questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question today will come from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Mike Sison -KeyBanc: Good morning. Certainly going to miss you, Doug, and good luck on your future endeavors there.
Doug Wetmore: Thank you.
Mike Sison -KeyBanc: My first question is, Rob you commented on slowing in North America and Europe, and you saw some progress in Fine Fragrances in terms of year-over-year sales growth in the second versus the first. You also saw some progress in Functional Ingredients. So is your sense in at least those two businesses that customer inventories are fairly drawn out?
Rob Amen: Mike, that's a good question and a reasonable conclusion. Yes, I think the issue in Fine Fragrance now has been isolated to just a couple of accounts and as I say, light at the end of the tunnel. I don't necessarily know that Fine Fragrance in North America, or Fine Fragrance overall, is going to be positive in the third quarter, but I expect it will be close. And the fourth quarter, I think we're going to show you a positive year-over-year comparison.
Mike Sison -KeyBanc: Okay. Then in Functional Fragrances, it didn't appear that there was sort of that inflection point in terms of customer destocking. Is that going to be a little bit more of a headwind heading into the third and maybe some improvement into the fourth?
Rob Amen: Well, the challenge on Functional in North America isn't so much inventories as stocking or destocking.
Mike Sison -KeyBanc: Okay.
Rob Amen: We lost some business and we haven't gotten the launches and the growth that we were hoping to achieve. Some we didn't get and some have been delayed. But I think that's not just a challenge, it's going to take three months to solve. I think I told you earlier last quarter that we've got a challenge, particularly in our fabric business in North America, and we've got to turn that around.
Mike Sison -KeyBanc: Okay. And last question, you sort of talked about raw materials maybe continuing to be a headwind in the second half of '08. It didn't seem like the squeeze was that large, I mean, in total, in the second quarter. So can you just give us an update as how much more intense is that pressure going to be in the third and fourth quarter? And do you think the delta between your pricing or recovering the cost expands, stays the same, or actually maybe potentially shrinks as you try to get pricing?
Rob Amen: You're asking me to solve the calculus equation of inflation and pricing. Let me kind of break that down in a couple of areas. First of all, I think I've indicated a couple of quarters in a row I am concerned about the escalating input costs and that's not just purchased raw material, that's energy and packaging and freight. As we see the higher energy prices roll through all kinds of products, it's impacting us and I don't have a forecast for it. But clearly whether it's ocean freight, truck freight, packaging materials, we're seeing higher increases than we have in the past six months or so. Raw materials are also in part reflected by currency and the dollar didn't have a great quarter and that's pushed it up. If that turns around, that could reverse. Now the other side of that is while we had initiated a number of cost recovery initiatives to raise some prices and do some things, I'm not satisfied we got enough done in the first six months and our margins narrowed. We've got to do more. I'm not prepared to project what the third or fourth quarter change is going to be, but I'm not satisfied with suffering the margin decline that we've seen in Flavors. As Doug pointed out, it was unusually pronounced because of the strong second quarter of '07. If you take a look at Flavors on average in '07, I think their margins were about 41.5, down about 50 basis points. So they're down, but they're not down as pronounced.
Mike Sison -KeyBanc: I think in the last conference call you noted that raw materials could be up 4% or so. Is it going to be a lot higher than that or do you have any sort of - -?
Rob Amen: Mike, I think I said in the second quarter we saw 5%.
Mike Sison -KeyBanc: Okay.
Rob Amen: I think personally we're planning on it to be in the 5 or plus 5 range as we go through the second half of this year.
Mike Sison -KeyBanc: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan
Silka Koopf - JPMorgan: Good morning. This is [Silka Koopf] for Jeff.
Doug Wetmore: Hi, Silka.
Silka Koopf - JPMorgan: Good morning. I have a couple of questions. The very good growth rate in South America, is there a particular reason for it, is it like a seasonal component, is that of price increases, or do you just have very good wins and market share gains. And do you think this is a sustainable growth rate?
Doug Wetmore: Silka, they've been growing at that pace for about the last two and a half or three years. And it's been driven mainly by just an enormous number of wins and then successful volume growth of those wins. So there's a very small element of pricing in the Latin America growth. That's basically wins and volume as I mentioned in my remarks. The flavors components, Silka has been steady. They've been doing very, very well quarter-by-quarter, for an extended period of time. The Fragrance business had a weak first quarter, which was very disappointing to us and they've come back based upon good growth. And you see it whether it's in Fine and certainly Ingredients, but we believe the economies there are strong and we feel we're in pretty good shape there. So it's not cyclical or seasonal.
Silka Koopf - JPMorgan: In terms of the margin pressure on the Flavor side, in your comments you said that there has been mixed changes in Flavors. Is that a geographic mix change or a product mix change and which products or regions are the lower margin ones?
Doug Wetmore: It's more of a product mix change and it's not specific to any geographic region, but I think one of the other elements, Rob mentioned the cost of materials going up and we also just in North America while the impact was more pronounced in fragrances because of a decline in sales, the benefit of absorption, obviously, is much better with stronger sales growth. And while we're pleased with the 3% in Flavors, we'd obviously get much better profit leverage if we had stronger Flavors growth in North America.
Silka Koopf - JPMorgan: And then lastly, can you just talk a bit more, what is happening in the Functional Fragrance business? If I look at the North American/European business, I understand there's maybe some lost business and some delayed launches, but these numbers seem sharply negative from what I remember. And so I was just trying to understand what changes are happening there.
Doug Wetmore: I think if you go back and you talk about it, the Functional in North America was roughly the same in the first quarter. Europe had a good first quarter and the second quarter has slowed, so Functional, it's not that different. I've indicated now we're struggling a little bit in our Fabric Care area. We've seen some of our customers' demands have been a little bit lower where we've had good wins. I think there's not one answer to it. We've got to get North America fixed. We've got to get Europe ramped up a little bit stronger and this is a key product area for us. I think our goal is to certainly improve off of where we are. We're going to turn it around. But this does take a while. I mean this is a big, tough business and I'm more confident that the future comparisons are going to be better.
Silka Koopf - JPMorgan: Thanks very much. Best wishes to Doug and I'll get back into queue.
Rob Amen: And, Silka, while in the context of JPMorgan being on the line, Jeff's report earlier today highlighted a gain on sale of assets and quite frankly, so that everybody hears it at the same point in time, the bulk of that is attributable to the amortization of the gain of a sale of the New York office and our New Jersey facility several years ago where that gain is spread over the initial term of the lease. So that gain was in both 2007 results and 2008 results. It just gets offset by other things and we actually had a slight loss on some disposal of assets. So if you're working your models, I would exclude that $0.01 adjustment that Jeff had in his initial write up.
Silka Koopf - JPMorgan: Thank you for clarifying.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question will come from Lauren Lieberman from Lehman Brothers.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Thanks, good morning.
Doug Wetmore: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: I guess the first question I had was your outlook overall on consumer products industry volume growth. So everything that you've really spoken about so far is more about new business wins or losses rather than the fact that there is a lot of pricing taken by your customers and that is resulting in slower volume growth. For example, Unilever reported this morning with pretty good revenue growth, but it was primarily pricing. To what degree are you building in that to your thought process over the next couple of quarters as consumers react to cost inflation?
Doug Wetmore: Good question, Lauren. I know that's been a concern of yours. We're still studying the customer releases. We've seen some very good volume growth at some customers, less at others. We haven't adjusted enough to give you an answer. Clearly when we work on our forecasting with them, we're trying to get into it, but underlying it I think there are going to be challenges in North America. I think everybody is familiar with the pressure on consumers in North America and increasingly in Europe, and I think you need to stratify where they're seeing the growth and what's driving it. So I can't answer for all my customers and I don't have it all there. Clearly one of the reasons we want to work with our customers to mitigate the cost pressures is we don't want them just raising prices because we don't want to facilitate demand destruction. If we can help them not have to raise prices, I think it's better for everybody and that's where our technology on replacers and extenders comes in.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay.
Doug Wetmore: So I can't give you an honest answer because I haven't factored all that in.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then on Western Europe Fine Fragrance, you've spoken a lot about US, seems like there's light at the end of the tunnel. Haven't seen much impact on European Fine Fragrances yet and wonder if you'd comment on what you thought inventory levels were like there. And demand, how that is shaping up for the second half.
Doug Wetmore: We don't really break out Fine Fragrance, but overall I would say the outlook in our European Fine Fragrance business is as positive as the total. I mean they did not have a great second quarter as the inventory cycle sort of rolled through there, but I also feel that the period ahead is going to be more positive.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then in Doug's remarks, you mentioned that your inventory was up a bit in the first half of the year. One, definitely in commodity inflation and currency, I understand that impact. But I thought there was a mention of physical inventory billed and was curious what the reasoning was behind that?
Doug Wetmore: I think overall some of it was the timing of purchases and that was actually in the context of my comments on the cash flow, Lauren, where we used about $23 million more year-to-date this year compared to last year. And some of that just had to do with timing of purchases and there were a couple items like, Patchouli, which we've talked about in the past, that had a run-up in price last year where we actually ate into some of our safety stocks, which we hold for just such emergencies and didn't purchase, but now we've resumed repurchasing. So it's basically a timing. Overall, our inventory days are pretty much constant, about 131 days this year compared to 133 days last year for the same six-month period.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Great. And then just one further one and then I'll jump back in the queue. We've been thinking about dollar cost savings really accelerating, mostly in the second half, but a little bit this quarter, even starting with some of the headcount reductions that you did in Q1. Can you quantify how much the savings were this quarter or what you're expecting for the full year?
Doug Wetmore: Do you mean regarding the outsourcing?
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Yes.
Doug Wetmore: Yes, well the second quarter there was very little. We may have actually had some incremental costs because we were running parallel because we've begun the transfer in North America and several European locations. But the learning and the training before that transfer was primarily done in the second quarter. And the actual transfer began in July where the transactions are being accounted for by TCS. So you'll see a little bit of a benefit in the third quarter as we eliminate the positions in the United States and a couple of the locations in Europe. You'll see a little bit more incremental benefit in the fourth quarter, but really the payback accelerates sharply beginning in the first quarter of 2009.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay. The one-time expenses in SG&A, SG&A was pretty good, so I was just wondering if there were any notable cost savings in there.
Doug Wetmore: No. I think we're getting some of the benefits of some of the initiatives we've undertaken in the past and as we've talked and as we've said on last calls, there's no silver bullet for us in terms of one action gives us $10 million or $15 million or $20 millions dollars of savings. There are just a number of other initiatives that have been undertaken such as closing off the pension plan in the United States and a number of other initiatives, as well as just really leveraging the benefit of SAP on a global basis.
Lauren Lieberman - Lehman Brothers: Okay. That's great. Thank you so much.
Doug Wetmore: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from John Roberts with Buckingham Research.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Good luck, Doug.
Doug Wetmore: Thanks, John.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: This may be the last time I can cap your historical perspective. But does the US/ European slowdown feel like a normal economic cycle impact on your business or does it feel somewhat different than what we've had in the past?
Doug Wetmore: I'm not that old.
Rob Amen: Let me get you your slippers, Doug. It's a little bit early to say. I was in Europe last week and I mentioned in my comments, I think you have to be a little bit cautious about Europe during the second half of this year because there is a sense, and obviously it's in the financial press and so forth, that there is some evidence of slowing down, but how much and for how long remains to be determined. I think we'll only know that with the fullness of time. But I think we are in kind of uncharted waters with this macro economic slowdown and just a question of the delinking and all the other global factors. I just don't have an answer for you.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Do you track mix within your product categories and maybe even across them? I don't know if you have many customers that might go from buying a Functional compound to buying an Ingredient and doing compounding themselves. Or even within Functional Fragrance compounds or Flavors, where they might trade down to a more simple compound from something more complex?
Rob Amen: We own the formulas and the customer doesn't know the formulas. So it's very difficult for them to, say, begin buying ingredients from us and then do some of the compounding themselves. But every customer is different and some might trade down, some might use less fragrance, some might use the opportunity to gain share by using more fragrance. So you've got the full gamut, but we track the mix on a very detailed basis. What we share publicly is Fine Fragrance, Functional Fragrance, Ingredients and then Flavors, but there's several categories in Flavors and then within Fine and Functional, there's Fabric Care and Personal Care and so forth. I don't see us in the future providing a further breakdown.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: But you don't think mix effect is not a big factor going on here?
Rob Amen: No. We work with our customers. If the cost pressures are such, we work with them constructively if we need to reformulate to take out costs, or they're changing base materials in the Functional material, we have to reformulate to deal with that. But typically, the fragrance or the flavor is really an important element of that brand. So, someone's not likely to shift that too much because it really would leave the consumer confused. But if they are facing cost pressures, we work with them to deal with their cost issue, but do it in such a way that it doesn't disrupt the perception of that product in the market.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Lastly, does Unilever's exiting of the North American detergents business, is that just a change in ownership and will have no impact to you or is there something there we need to think about? 
Rob Amen: We don't comment on customer's activities, but this isn't entirely new. People have dealt with it. I think it will be a shift. Our role is to support the brand growth no matter who owns the brand and we'll continue to support whatever customer's brand teams. I think the other thing too is it takes some time to transition in any case. So whoever has the fragrance business for pieces of that business, it would not be a near-term of the next month or two where you would suddenly see a change. And secondly, I think to the extent that [Huish] bought the business, they're buying it to grow it and to the extent that you're in, you have a fragrance in those brands, it may be very opportune because they're committed to growing that business.
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Thank you.
Rob Amen: Matt?
Operator: And our next question will come from Frank Bisk with Pilot Advisors.
Frank Bisk - Pilot Advisors: Hi. Good morning. Could you just talk a little bit more about pricing and how you would get pricing in both segments? Is it in the contract? Kind of just walk me through that. Since [rows] are going up, if you can't reformulate with your customer and you do need to get pricing. How does that work?
Doug Wetmore: It varies. Every customer is different. No one ever likes to have a price increase. It can be very difficult negotiations. But I think in this environment, many of our customers understand because they're facing many of the same issues. And it may be in the one extreme, just an absolute increase in the invoice price. But as Rob mentioned earlier, there may be other variations where we work together with the customer to reformulate to attempt to take costs out or to otherwise improve profitability. So it runs the full gamut. In the quarter as I mentioned in my comments, about 20% of the growth in Flavors was due to price increases. And we had some price increases in fragrance compounds as well. And then about half of the growth in ingredients in the quarter was attributable to pricing and the other half was attributable to volume. So you really run the full gamut.
Frank Bisk - Pilot Advisors: Okay. Thank you. And then lastly, I guess the fabric business that you're talking about in Fragrance, can you just give me a little more color as to kind of what's going on? You mentioned that, I guess, you won some new products, but those aren't doing well. We lost share, is that what happened or --?
Rob Amen: It's a combination of things. Some products that we thought were going to ramp up faster have come up slow or slowly. As products are withdrawn, as they go through their life cycle, we can lose that, that's through erosion. Erosion of existing business comes from either the product being pulled or selling less, and the demand for that is typical in consumer products. We had indicated we had struggled. We had lost some business in our key account. So yes, we've lost share in fabric. I mean you couldn't be down these numbers and not having lost share and we have a fundamental program underway to get that turned around in a big way.
Frank Bisk - Pilot Advisors: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll now take a follow-up from Mike Sison with KeyBanc.
Mike Sison -KeyBanc: Hi, guys. Rob when you think about your operating margin goal of 18% plus by 2009, you're a little bit behind as you noted for '08. What needs to happen do you think, heading into '09 to get there?
Rob Amen: Well, it's clear. We have got to restore the operating margins. That's the key thing. We've got to restore our pricing spread. The growth has been about what we anticipated. A little greater growth would help. The internal initiatives are coming along maybe a little slower than we originally envisioned, but they're coming along So I think it is largely we've got to restore our gross margins if we're going to get the operating margins back in there. And I think this year we're averaging about 16.8. And we're behind where I would like us to be. I'm concerned about it. The business leaders and I have had lengthy discussions and analysis of what do we need to do to get that restored. While I am comfortable overall on where we are against our financial goals, the operating margin I have to say is the one that is lagging.
Mike Sison -KeyBanc: How much progress do you think you'll make some progress this year year-over-year, or is it sort of a tough year to make progress in and you get a bigger ramp up in '09?
Rob Amen: It would be fool hearty of me to say, yes, we're going to make progress. We've destroyed operating margin a little bit in the first half of the year by suffering the raw material and not getting the full recovery of that. So to make progress, we'd have to more than make that up.
Mike Sison -KeyBanc: Right.
Rob Amen: I don't think that's likely. I mean I think progress is maybe made in small steps and we are not abandoning the goal. I think it's going to be a stretch, but we're not abandoning the goal.
Mike Sison -KeyBanc: Okay. Then I just wanted to get a better feel for the raw material outlook for this year. I mean is it a case where you're looking for 5% plus and that the petrol side is up like everybody else, 30%, 40%, 50%, 60% and the natural product side is sort of down?
Rob Amen: It is such a mixed bag, Mike, we're buying about 10, 000 different raw materials and there are, in fact, a number of materials that are down because they're agricultural products and they're more driven by the volume of the crop rather than inflationary prices that obviously, you know, the petro, as an example. So we track costs very closely and what we're telling you is what we're seeing it based on our latest estimate on a weighted average basis for the materials that we use. And that ties in partly to the inventory strategy. One of the reasons we carry the inventory we have is to insulate us from some of the short-term swings or to mitigate those cost pressures, at least for some period of time. And that works in part, but it's such a big portfolio of materials, we look at it and the average weighted increase is something greater than 5% as we look out over the balance of the year. And we're not happy with that. And I think, too, remember, you mentioned petro and petrochemical byproducts. And we buy about ten or 11 byproducts and overall, that petrochemical related spend is about 10% of our raw material spend. So the 30%, 40%, 50% increase in petro products that you referred to basically translates down to an impact of 3%, 4%, 5% on our raw material spend.
Mike Sison -KeyBanc: Okay. And then lastly, on encapsulation, isn't that business recorded in Fabric Care? As I recall that business is doing okay this year, right? You're seeing the growth that you had hoped for?
Rob Amen: Well we've seen the launches we've hoped for. Actually, the second quarter didn't develop as well because as we look back, there was more inventory stocking on the customer's part in the first quarter. But it's developing well and quite honestly, all of the encapsulation products are getting more attention in the marketplace. And I'm hoping that we're going to start to see an acceleration of commercialized encapsulation.
Mike Sison -KeyBanc: So when an encapsulation product hits the shelves, does it replace something in year one and then maybe the incremental improvement in sales and profitability because of the destocking doesn't occur until year two? Is that sort of the way to think about it?
Rob Amen: There's not enough data there. The things we've launched are a couple of different countries, a couple of different products. There's not enough data to draw those kinds of conclusions, Mike.
Mike Sison -KeyBanc: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: We'll now take a question from [Mike Sheridan] with Cobalt Capital.
Mike Sheridan - Cobalt Capital: Good morning, guys. Just had a quick question on the price of CST and availability. I heard a rumor that some of the providers were trying to push through large price increases and/or take it off the market, if you could just comment.
Rob Amen: Well, as you know, CST is getting to be used in any number of ways and largely the pricing of it is driven by its chemical value or in thermal value because if it's not a satisfactory price, the paper mill will burn it. And CST has gone up with energy prices. But at this stage, we've got good availability. It's costing us more, but we have availability.
Mike Sheridan - Cobalt Capital: Okay. So you don't see any back half adjustment? It was kind of my impression that they were trying to get pricing kind of last quarter maybe talking to buyers in the last quarter. You don't see any real changes in the margin?
Rob Amen: No, let me be clear. Prices of CST have gone up.
Doug Wetmore: They have gone up. They actually went up in the latter stages of last year.
Mike Sheridan - Cobalt Capital: Okay.
Doug Wetmore: And they have not moved measurably above what they did last year. They have crept up a little bit further, but not by any order of magnitude.
Mike Sheridan - Cobalt Capital: So I think they were up like 20% and what I had heard was potentially 75%. But I think that was when crude was $1.40, and it's also from a guy who's selling it.
Rob Amen: At that stage, you have complete destruction. For people not familiar, CST is the base material where we pull a lot of things out, but primarily things with a pine fragrance and that's distilled at our chemical plant in Jacksonville.
Mike Sheridan - Cobalt Capital: So you guys view it as you have to have a view on energy to know where CST is going and that's kind of what's changing, I mean it's the same equation it's always been?
Rob Amen: If you back it up, CST comes from brown paper mills.
Mike Sheridan - Cobalt Capital: Okay.
Rob Amen: Linerboard mills are running pretty full in the United States because of export. There's a good quantity of CST, but if you want to get it, you have to pay at least a thermal value and that's the market price.
Mike Sheridan - Cobalt Capital: Great. Thanks very much.
Rob Amen: Okay. Matt?
Operator: All right.
Rob Amen: I think the time has come. We really do appreciate everyone's time this morning and, Doug, anything more you want to say?
Doug Wetmore: No. Thanks for a wonderful ten years and if you have any more questions or follow-up questions, I'll be in the office through the balance of today. But catch me today; I'm on the golf course tomorrow.
Operator: And that does conclude today's teleconference. We would like to thank everyone for their participation, and wish everyone a great day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Yvette Rudich - Director of Corporate Communications Rob Amen - Chief Executive Officer Doug Wetmore - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Douglas Chudy - KeyBanc Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Erik Sjogren - Morgan Stanley John Roberts - Buckingham Research Chris Leshock - Perkins Wolf
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the International Flavors & Fragrances First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is scheduled to last about one hour including remarks by IFF Management and question-and-answer session. Today’s conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Yvette Rudich, Director of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Yvette Rudich - Director of Corporate Communications: Hello and thank you for joining us today. With me are Rob Amen, Chief Executive Officer and Doug Wetmore, Chief Financial Officer. Our earnings release was issued and our 10-Q was filed earlier today. Both are available on our website at iff.com in the Investor Relations section. As you know, during this call, we may make certain forward-looking statements about the Company’s performance. These statements are based on how we see things today so they contain elements of uncertainty. These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as expect, believe, outlook, guidance, may, or similar expressions. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainty. For a more detailed explanation of the inherent limitations in such forward-looking statements, please refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in today’s earnings release and in our 10-K and 10-Q filings available on our website. Some of today’s prepared remarks will exclude those items that affect comparability. These excluded items are captured in our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations available on our website. For today’s call, Rob will begin with some high level comments on the quarter. Then Doug will provide a review of the financial results. Following closing comments from Rob, we will then take your questions. With that, I’ll now turn the conference over to Rob. Rob?
Rob Amen - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Yvette, and good morning. Welcome to the call. I thought I would start with some overview comments on the flavor and fragrance markets and then take a look at the quarter. Demands for flavor and fragrances really reflects both the economic mentality of a country as well as its stage of economic development. For example in mature economies, we expect flavor and fragrance demand to be inline with GDP. While in a country like India, demand should be far higher than GDP growth, double or even higher. The rising number of middle class consumers fuel rapid growth for our customers’ products. Consequently, while the US market demand may be adversely impacted by a weak economy, we are seeing solid growth in demand in China, India, and Brazil. Now, for the first quarter 2008, IFF reported sales growth of 5% over the first quarter 2007. Excluding currency parity changes, the increase would have been 1%. Sales were driven higher by strong performances in the emerging economies of Asia, Latin America and the Middle East. The European region was up sharply in dollar terms and stable in local currency. Operating margins improved in fragrance ingredients due to mix and cost recovery while margins in regions outside of North America benefited from higher sales and good cost control. We had challenges with our business in North America and with the Fine Fragrance business globally. These businesses were clearly impacted by the weak retail environment and an inventory correction. As I suggested on our last call, the fragrance business was likely to face a tough quarter. The inventory correction we suspected is real and pronounced. I am pleased that the fragrance business activity as measured in new projects is up year-to-year and we are again winning a healthy share of the projects. This will be reflected in sales in late 2008 and in 2009. I will have more to say on how we are working through our challenges and why I remain confident that we will meet our financial goals. However, now, I would like Doug to take you through the details of the quarter.
Doug Wetmore - Chief Financial Officer:  Thank you, Rob, and good morning everyone. Let’s begin with an overview of sales. We provided the breakdown of sales and growth by our two business units. As you can see, Flavors grew 12% in dollars and on 8% local currency in Greece, and Fragrance sales were flat in dollars with the 2007 quarter, declining 4% in local currency. The primary drivers of the difference between the local currency growth and the reported dollar performance, was the strength of the euro compared to the dollar. The euro was about 11% stronger than the prior year quarter. A basket of other currencies accounted for the remainder of the exchange effect. The Fragrance decline resulted mainly from sharp declines in North America Fragrance sales in all categories, which I will touch on in more detail in a few moments. In 2008, we’ve also begun to realign our portfolio of Fragrance ingredients following the pricing pressure and margin compression experienced in 2007. During the first quarter, we discontinued the sale of certain ingredients, which in total accounted for about one half of the Fragrance local currency decline in the first quarter. While sales declined as a result of this portfolio realignment, the benefit was improved ingredient profitability. We also undertook a series of price increases in ingredients that had a modest impact on Q1 results but such impact will increase in the second quarter and as the balance of the year progresses. As you can see on the map, we had solid growth in each geographic region, but North America. Europe reported very strong growth increasing 9% over Q1 ’07 and quarterly sales benefited from the strength of the euro as I mentioned but the reported growth reflected a local currency increase of 1% led by a 3% increase in Flavors. Latin America sales increased 12%. This growth was particularly strong in Flavors, which grew 37% in the quarter led by several new wins and strong volume of existing creations. Greater Asia also achieved excellent growth driven mainly by new wins and improving volumes. Asia sales increased 15% in local currency and 19% in dollars. Fragrances led the Asia performance with an 18% local currency growth, but Flavors was not far behind with 13% local currency growth. Growth in Asia was strong in all product categories. Local currency sales to our top 30 customers, which account for about 56% of our sales, grew 2% in the quarter or about twice the rate of our overall local currency growth. Now, let’s discuss each of the business units’ performance in a little more detail. As you can see, Flavors had a very solid start to the year. The wins and volume growth of existing business drove improved margin performance. The very strong operating profit leverage results from solid sales performance enabling excellent absorption of manufacturing costs. All of this was enhanced by continued good cost control. The end result was a 27% increase in operating profit. It’s bear noting that the 2008 performance was against the difficult comparison in the first quarter of 2007 when Flavors operating profit increased 20% on an 11% sales increase. And also as discussed in our 10-Q, the 2008 result is inclusive of about $1 million of restructuring costs allocable to Flavors, impacting the operating profit comparison with the prior year by about 2%. This chart depicts the percentage growth in Flavor sales in both local currency and reported dollars for the last three years. As is evident, the local currency sales performance for Flavors continues to excel driven by the wins and improving volumes.
 : The Fragrance story for 2008 to-date is markedly different from Flavors. The Fragrance operating environment has been more challenging and Fragrance profitability has suffered. In the first quarter, as I mentioned, each geographic region other than North America had a very solid start as we saw in the earlier slides. However, North America sales fell 23% declining in all categories. The quarter comparison was made more difficult by the 11% increase achieved in the first quarter of last year for North America. But overall, volumes fell sharply in Fine, Functional and Ingredients, driven mainly by overstock positions at many customers following a weak holiday season in Fine Fragrance, and by destocking efforts at many functional and ingredient customers in view of the weak macroeconomic environment. This North American weakness, especially the 30% decline in Fine Fragrance, materially impacted North America and consolidated operating profit in the quarter. Mainly, as a result of the sales decline, North America operating profit for the quarter fell $13 million from the prior year quarter. Fragrance operating profit on a consolidated basis also reflects $2.5 million of restructuring costs in the quarter, accounting for 4% of the operating profit decline in comparison to the prior year quarter, also again as discussed in our 10-Q. As you can see in this graph, the local currency sales performance for Fragrances had been quite strong throughout 2006 and much of 2007 driven by new wins and the sustained success of existing creations. Comparison with the last year first quarter was particularly difficult, as I noted, especially for North America as well as for Fragrance Ingredients overall. But, as you will recall from our last call, we saw a sharp slowdown in Q4 in Fine Fragrances most notably in North America and Europe and that North America slowdown continued into 2008. Having said that, at the same time we’ve begun to see improvement in Functional Fragrance performance supported by new wins and by the launch of the next encapsulation products. We had a very strong performance in Functional in all regions outside North America. Now, turning to consolidated operating results. The 2008 first quarter is summarized on this chart. Now, note that the chart excludes the impact of this $6.2 million of restructuring charges. Just on that subject for a moment, we’ve spoken to you in the last several quarters regarding certain initiatives underway to transform our business processes. The principal enabler of this transformation is our single global instance of SAP. In this quarter, these restructuring charges related to employee separation costs due to the elimination of about 125 positions in administrative functions mainly accounting and finance, as we move to outsource these functions to a third party service provider. The first steps in outsourcing will commence in the second quarter and will proceed over the balance of the year. We will begin to see benefits of these initiatives in the second half of 2008, and there are additional details regarding these charges in our Form 10-Q. Now, looking at the P&L for the quarter, as we mentioned sales increased 5% resulting in a 4% increase in gross profit and as I mentioned before the weakness in North America Fragrance impacted gross margin because of poor manufacturing expense absorption, which is accounting for the decline as a percent of sales. While R&D expense increased this quarter in both absolute value terms as well as a percentage of sales compared to the prior year, exchange was a significant element of the value increase. Excluding exchange, R&D would have been increased about 7% versus the prior year quarter. And also bear mentioning, the 2007 first quarter was unusually low as a percentage of sales, 8.2%, and the first quarter of 2008 is more inline with the full year 2007 spending rate. Selling and administrative expenses declined 1% compared to the first quarter last year. And excluding exchange, selling and admin would have declined 4%. The decline reflects continued good cost control as well as somewhat lower incentive compensation accruals compared to the prior year quarter. Selling and admin also reflect the benefit of an insurance recovery of $2.6 million relating to a 2005 product contamination matter. The recovery reduced current year selling and admin expense because the related costs were charged to that same caption three years ago. The end result of all the matters I just mentioned was a 7% increase in operating profit compared to a year ago. The evolution of earnings per share from the $0.69 reported in the 2007 first quarter to our current year’s quarter is depicted on this slide. As in the past, we have not isolated the impact of translation, so other than per shares outstanding, exchange is embedded in each caption and also as you would expect, there is some rounding effect in each caption. But having said that, sales growth added $0.04 per share. The operating margin declined, breaking out the insurance recovery separately, reduced earnings per share by a penny and that was mainly due to the gross margin erosion on North America Fragrance weakness. As I just mentioned, we recovered $2.7 million related to the 2005 contamination issue and aftertax this recovery accounted for $0.02 per share. Other income and interest expense combined accounted for a net decrease of $0.09 per share. Most of this change resulted from interest expense, which increased about $10 million in connection with a debt taken on to implement the accelerated share repurchase program we undertook last September. We also had somewhat unfavorable exchange results in the current quarter compared to the first quarter of ’07, which accounts for much of the remaining difference. There were no sales of assets or related gains in the current quarter. Taxes favorably impacted the current quarter’s result as well adding $0.02 per share and as we mentioned in our press release, the effective rate for the quarter of 25.4% benefited from favorable tax rulings with respect to prior years. These tax rulings added about $0.03 per share to the first quarter results. And absent these rulings, our effective tax rate for the quarter would have been 28.2% about the same as the 2007 first quarter. We reduced the number of shares outstanding adding $0.08 per share, and average shares declined 10% from the prior year quarter and as I just mentioned a moment we recorded restructuring costs in the quarter of $0.06 per share. Taking into account all these components, our reported EPS for Q1 ’08 was $0.69 per share and excluding those restructuring charges EPS would have been $0.75 per share. The detailed cash flow is available in our 10-Q and here is the summary on the slide. There were no major fluctuations in cash flow from operations. The first quarter is historically our smallest quarter for operating cash flow. For the full year 2008, I would expect cash flow from operations to have about the same relationship to net income as it did in 2006 and 2007, about 120 to 125% of net income. As you can see, we reduced debt somewhat during the quarter and we also remained pretty tight on capital spending. Having said that, capital spending is expected to scale up somewhat in Q2 as we progress with construction of a new creative center in Brazil and expansion of our ingredient facilities in China and a new creative and administrative center in China. The dividend payout reflects the 10% increase announced last year essentially offset by the reduction in shares outstanding and we continue to buyback shares in addition to the shares being purchased on our behalf in connection with the ASR that ASR remains in progress at this point in time. Year-to-date, we have spent just under $30 million in share repurchase activities and in so doing we bought back about 700,000 shares. At quarter-end, shares outstanding stood at about 80 million. At quarter-end, we also have remaining authorization of about $269 million. As I just mentioned, the ASR remains in progress and we expect completion of the ASR in the second quarter 2008. Based on current prices and the shares held back at the time we entered the ASR, I would expect to acquire upwards of one million more treasury shares sometime in the second quarter 2008, on completion of the ASR, but at no further cash cost for the company. In looking at a couple of other metrics that we believe are meaningful to investors, our overall return on invested capital for the trailing 12 months ended March 31, 2008 of 14.4% is inline with that achieved for the prior year comparable period. Our return on equity has improved significantly over the prior period driven by the solid operating results and augmented by the impact of the accelerated share repurchase program. For the comparable prior year period, our return on equity was just under 26%. Finally, in terms of our EBITDA margin for the trailing 12 months ended March 31, 2008, EBITDA totaled 461 million or 20% of sales compared to 443 million or 20.6% of sales in the prior year comparable period. Now, I would like to turn the call back over to Rob.
Rob Amen - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Doug. 2008 is and will likely remain a challenging year. The greatest challenge remains the US. I am not an economist and I’m not making a forecast, but it’s hard to see a recovery this year. The next unknown we are dealing with is whether or by how much the US slowdown will impact other economies. We have seen some slowing of growth in several emerging economies, but growth remains in the 7 to 10% range. Fine Fragrance business will be a challenge. First quarter sales reflected lower sell-through and an inventory correction, which we expected. I can’t forecast to turnaround this business until sales enable inventory at our customers to be back at more normal levels. Lastly, in the past, we’ve reported raw material price increases of about 2 to 3%. In Q1, we saw this tick up slightly to 4%. Now, we continue to work hard to recover these cost increases. However, the inflationary pressures on raw materials is a concern. That being said, I believe IFF is well positioned to deal with the challenges of 2008. IFF is a truly global company with a strong position in every marketplace of importance. Yes, the North American market, which accounts for about 27% of our sales, is currently weak. This is a cyclical issue and we believe is a long-term potential of the US market. Our presence in the emerging markets is a key strength and the key opportunity. I am very pleased both with our current performance and our future prospects in these fast growing economies. Consequently, we continue to build IFF for the future. As a result, we remain focused on our strategic priorities, growing our market share by helping our customers win, increasing profitability by improving effectiveness and efficiencies, and the outsourcing initiative Doug mentioned is representative of these efforts. We will continue to invest to meet the needs of the future. For example, we are investing in new and larger creative facilities to drive future growth in China, Brazil, and here in the US. These are key assets which are integral to winning new business. Our goal is to build a stronger company based on materials excellence, in-depth understanding of consumers, and superior creativity. I believe by focusing on these strategic comparatives, IFF will deliver on its financial goals. And now, Steve if you can help me, we will open up the call to take questions.
Operator: Certainly. (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from Douglas Chudy from KeyBanc.
Douglas Chudy:  Good morning 
Rob Amen: Hi Doug.
Douglas Chudy: Hi. I just want to check with you, you noted the inventory correction in Q1. Do you think this is largely complete or should we expect this to flow through into the next quarter or next couple of quarters?
Rob Amen: Doug, as I indicated it’s really impossible to know whether or not it’s complete until after the fact. I think the overhang remains with us. I think it will be an impact in the second quarter and will slowly diminish over the course of the year.
Douglas Chudy:  Okay. And secondly you mentioned that new project activity picked up year-over-year in the first quarter, is this on a consolidated basis, can you maybe breakout what you are seeing in Flavors versus Fragrances? I assume maybe the Flavor side was a little bit stronger?
Rob Amen:  Well, I actually I made the comment referencing Fragrance and it’s interesting to know we are seeing a pickup of Fragrance projects here in the United States and that’s very very good and as I said we are winning up a good share of those things. So I feel better about the Fragrance business as we move through the year. The Flavors business is doing terrifically around the world and the activity is up, the win rates are up, we are winning in the categories that we said. I mean, Doug indicated, but I have to tell you, I am really impressed with our Flavors team and what they are achieving.
Douglas Chudy: Okay. And just finally, one other question. I know you don’t provide specific guidance, but given the current state do you think that the Fragrance in a tough start to the year, the Fragrance segment can get I guess local currency growth positive in 2008 or you think that may be a challenge at this point?
Doug Wetmore: I think at this point in time, first of all, we have very difficult comparisons in Fragrance for the first half of the year and that will certainly be an element, but only an element. But I think we are seeing very good growth outside the United States and while, as Rob mentioned, you have to be somewhat cautious about the US market. We are pretty confident that overall we will deliver local currency growth for the Fragrance business unit during the course of ’08.
Douglas Chudy: All right. Thank you very much.
Rob Amen: Thanks Doug.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from Jeffrey Zekauskas from JP Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Good morning. This is Silka Koopf for Jeff. How are you?
Rob Amen: Hi Silka. Good morning.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: I have got a couple of questions. Can you breakout the 1% local currency growth by volume and price or can you just generally talk about prices in the quarter?
Rob Amen: Silka, there was not a measurable price increase impact in the quarter. As we mentioned, we passed through some price increases on the Fragrance Ingredients, but that was just an element, but it’s really overall that 1% is primarily volume related and driven by the new wins and volume increases on existing creations.
Jeffrey Zekauskas:  Secondly, related to the restruction you are taking and on cost savings that may slow some of the income statement in the second half of the year, what benefits should we be looking for, like could it be like 1 million or 1.5 million a quarter in savings beginning in the second half or is that too larger number?
Rob Amen: I would prefer at this point in time not to quantify. As I said, we expect some savings to begin in the second half of the year. But at this point in time, it’s probably a bit premature to quantify that Silka. But it does bear mentioning that these are one of the things that we’ve talked about in the past as a contributor towards our getting to that 18% plus operating profit as we exit 2009.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: And maybe a last question, I’ll get back into queue. On the -- there has been very strong growth on the Flavor side, and can you at all disaggregate what amount is due to share gain, market share gains, what portion is due to new product introduction and at what rate the base business has grown?
Rob Amen: That’s great question, Silka. We had really good market data we would be able to give you good analysis. We think there is a decent market share gain and the market share gain comes from new wins. I mean, you either have growth in existing business, growth and erosion in existing business and then the new wins. So Doug, I would imagine it’s about half and half.
Doug Wetmore: Yes, pretty close to that. I think, Silka, we do have some disclosures in the MDA portion of the Q, which depending on how you print it off, I have it on page 14 in mine, but it provides a breakdown of some of the new wins and then the balance of the growth in those regions was volume related.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks very much. I’ll get back into queue.
Rob Amen: Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). And we have a follow-up question from Jeffrey Zekauskas, JP Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: I’m sorry. I guess I'd just stand in the call. I had a question related to the encapsulation technology and you mentioned that you launched a new product on the functional side related to encapsulation technologies. In which region was it launched? And just like, how many products are in the market today on the functional fragrance side that use encapsulation technology?
Rob Amen: We have had two major launches, we’ve got some other ones, but we have got one major launch in Europe and then we had one major launch in this quarter in Latin America. And I’m very pleased with the response in the marketplace. Both products have gained meaningful amount of market share against their competitor products, our customers are happy, and it’s a demonstration of the technology. So we remain very very optimistic about the potential of encapsulation to help our customers.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: And maybe just follow-up on that. If I look at the functional -- if I look at the local currency growth on the functional fragrance side of 3% this quarter, is that something you think may be sustainable throughout the year like a similar rate given the -- given like the success on encapsulation and maybe other products?
Rob Amen:  I think the 3% is definitely sustainable. If you take a look at what’s going on in North America. If we just get North America stabilize a little bit, you can envision numbers well above the 3%. This is really a tale of two cities in Fragrance, I mean you had all other and then you had North America.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Right.
Rob Amen: And, if we understood North America was going to be weak we are working in and that will improve not quickly not dramatically, but it will improve. And to the extent that the inventory corrections starts to be behind this, we’ll see much better numbers. But outside of North America, we are seeing really excellent growth in functional fragrance and certainly flavors on a global basis.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: So, if I had to summarize, like to me it sounds that some of the -- on the Fragrance side that local currency growth and functional maybe improved throughout the year. Fine Fragrances maybe a bit challenging just because it’s been weak demand, it’s not really clear what the inventory levels are on the retail level. Ingredients business may have a little bit of headwind because of some of the probably like lower margin product that you chose to exit, which over time should then improve the margin and Flavors has a good win rate and a good rate of growth, which it seems to expect to continue throughout the year?
Rob Amen: I think you’ve summarized the quarter very effectively.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Okay. Thanks very much and I will stay on for the call.
Rob Amen: Thank you, Silka.
Doug Wetmore.: Thank you.
Rob Amen:  Steve, any more questions?
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from Erik Sjogren from Morgan Stanley.
Erik: Yes, good morning.
Sjogren: Yes, good morning.
Rob Amen: Good afternoon, Erik.
Erik Sjogren:  Good afternoon. Thanks. I just had two quick questions. First on the bit more color on the North America fragrance market. Could you talk a little bit more about which category is it, which is driving this weakness? Is it really just the perfumes or is it across all the different one? And also within the Fragrance Ingredients, is discontinued price pressure here or is it the actual volumes, which are falling off? And then secondly, just on the margin, nice seeing the SG&A coming down so much as a percentage of sales, is this kind of a leverage sustainable during the rest of the year do you think or was it mainly related to this compensation expense during the first quarter? Thanks.
Rob Amen: I will try to answer each of them and if I overlook one healthy factor that’s a lot. First of all, I would encourage you to take a look at the table in the 10-Q because we explore the sales by area, by region or by product category by region. And North America was most products decline in Fine, but Functional and Ingredients following that because Ingredients follows Functional, and we think that is, as I said, some decline in consumption but certainly in inventory correction.
Erik: Okay.
Sjogren: Okay.
Rob Amen: And I certainly don’t anticipate that we are going to see that continue. I expect that will improve through the course of the year. Don’t look for an enormous balance from the second quarter but certainly in the latter part of the year, this should be strong. Now, Fragrance Ingredients, there is a lot of good things going on there. Last year we saw pricing pressure. I said we will, on our December call that we were addressing it, we have gone to the market on these materials and increased prices. We saw a very modest amount of that in the first quarter. Those will be -- those increases will be more evident as we move through the remaining quarters of this year. So you did see an improvement in margins in the first quarter and there will be further improvement in margins as we progress through the course of the year.
Erik: Okay.
Sjogren: Okay.
Rob Amen: And maybe you asked about Fine Fragrance. 
Doug Wetmore: Erik, if you look in the Q as Rob said, we breakout the category performance by geographic region. I think that we talked about it a bit. But I think your second question was on the selling and admin and can we continue at the current level. As we mentioned, the lower incentive compensation accruals, we had a very strong first quarter in 2007, which drove higher incentive accruals and they were not quite as high this quarter because our performance was not quite as good and they are very much performance-driven incentive accruals. But our goal is to continue to reduce the selling and admin expenses and that’s really why we have undertaken some of the initiatives such as the outsourcing that I mentioned on the call and those will benefit selling and admin, basically the admin expense in this case. And I think Rob mentioned in his comments that this is just an example of what we are undertaking, which means that there are other initiatives that we have to undertake to further take on value added costs out of our business and the primary tool for that is to leverage this wonderful tool that we have in SAP.
Erik: Okay. That’s great. Thanks very much.
Sjogren: Okay. That’s great. Thanks very much.
Rob Amen: Okay. Steve?
Operator: Our next question will come from John Roberts from Buckingham Research.
John Roberts: Good morning Bob. Good morning Doug.
Rob Amen: Good morning.
John Roberts: Could you compare or contrast the current economic cycle impacts on your business with past quarter cycles, is this divergence between Flavors and Fragrance performance in North America kind of unprecedented?
Rob Amen: I guess on the causative story and I have that John so let me address that. There is a couple of differences between this one and the last let's say 2001 and dating back to the early 90s and I think that’s probably -- you can argue about the disconnect between the global economies now and or the de-linking of the global economies and I think that’s certainly an element because the growth in India and Brazil and China and Indonesia are examples, it might be effective a little bit by the US, but I don’t think it’s going to cause those economies to come to a screeching halt because they have acquired so much momentum on their own. And only the fullness of time will prove whether that assessment is correct. The second thing for us typically in an economic slowdown, it’s always been the Flavor business that is perhaps been a little bit more impacted, which is I think a surprising change for this one because Flavors, typically the food companies would really slowdown new product launches, would curtail marketing expenditures and all with the focus on driving or maintaining their earnings and I think now they are continuing to launch new products and they are really focusing on growth and so that’s probably a difference from the last two cycles that I have experienced here in North America.
John Roberts: Are there substantial supply chain difference that is down the Fragrance customer applications versus the food ones of it, wouldn't expect inventories (inaudible) flavors that you are seeing over on the Fragrance side?
Rob Amen:  I think the one key difference in Flavors from Fragrances is you have a much shorter shelf life for our Flavor and Fragrance compounds. Food has a shelf life whereas Fragrance as long as it's properly stored really has a very long shelf life, so that makes it just that there could conceivably be more inventory of the detergent product or a Fine Fragrance product than other snack or a beverage product.
John Roberts:  That’s what I was trying to get at because you really got the same consumer at the end of the day, buying either a food product or a household cleaning and personal care product.
Rob Amen: Well, there is a different dynamic if you think to John on the product development and introduction. Flavor product development is much quicker. I mean we can see things as rapidly as three or four months being in, going from development to being in the market, where in Fine Fragrance, it's always it seems to me close to a year and sometimes longer. So they are the end consumer, but how they develop the product, the intricacies of the customer supply chain and the supply chain complexity cause there a difference.
Doug Wetmore:  I think the other thing that has to -- our experience has shown is that the phenomenon of destocking is pretty much contained within North America. We have never seen the European or Lat Am or Greater Asia companies accumulate the inventory in their distributor chain as we have seen in North America. So that when the destocking effect happens or the pendulum swings the other way that impact is most pronounced in North America.
John Roberts: Has there been a shift over the past couple of cycles and a difference between Flavors and Fragrances between them, say discretionary applications of, I am thinking about a candle scent being discretionary for example, versus a shampoo scent or a cleaner scent being a basic. I mean, I don’t know what you are more exposed these days or the industry is more exposed to a lot of new things that have been introduced that I viewed as discretionary purchases by customers. I mean so that some of the functional business has become kind of like the Fine Fragrance business?
Rob Amen: Yeah. We have not seen enough evidence to suggest there is any change in consumption in the functional area, data -to-date. Now, may be in a year’s time, we will have some different insights on that.
John Roberts: Okay.
Rob Amen: And certainly, I mean let's all be open and honest on this, the American consumer, the working class family is going to face some real tough challenges over the course of 2008. They are going to be making trade offs. How they are going to make? I don’t think we understand yet nor is it evident. But so far, we have not seen a significant shift. We are seeing in the functional fragrance area more supply chain adjustments and more sort of adjustment and some push back on some of the ingredients price increases to some degree, but that’s now sort of returning to more normal levels.
John Roberts: Okay. My concern was that in the food side, I think a lot of the new product introductions by the customers have been new drinks, new things that might be discretionary purchases by customers, on the food side even not basic foods but more of these alternative new age beverages and so forth. But if you aren't -- you are saying you aren't seeing really pull back in Functional on discretionary type product, you don’t think you would see it in the food side either?
Rob Amen: No good data with which to draw conclusions yet, John.
John Roberts: And then lastly, I thought R&D as a percent of sales might just gradually trend down a little bit because you’re going to this center of excellence model globally in R&D and that there would be some savings in that function as well. What's really the evidence of that I guess in the quarter?
Rob Amen: You know, John to be fair I think you would have seen that come down. It was at 8.7%. North America sales just stayed flat, it probably would have been down to about 8.5%. So, long term you can’t just look at an individual quarter, you have to look at it long term and I think that long term because of a higher rate of sales growth and a very tight focus on certain R&D initiatives that the R&D expenditure will trend down closer to 8% than to 9% over the course of the next couple of years and that’s really what we have been saying all along.
Doug Wetmore: We are committed to spending between 8 to 9% on R&D because ultimately we have got to develop unique materials to help our customers. They may be more powerful materials, they may be materials that enable the customers’ product to be lower cost. But we see enormous potential for new products and new materials and we are going to continue to invest. So that’s in our strategic plan to be in the 8 to 9% range.
John Roberts: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question will come from Chris Leshock from Perkins Wolf.
Chris Leshock: Good morning, Rob and Doug. Have you just put any numbers around the impact of the inventory destocking during the quarter?
Doug Wetmore: I think there is a couple of things you can do. First of all, we know we haven’t lost a significant amount of business in terms of it just being replaced and certainly that’s the case in Fine Fragrance where you just don’t -- you are not replaced. So, it really is an element of destocking or just a slowdown in order activity, a slowdown in the restocking activity. But I think, if my experience over the last decade has been any indication, it typically takes a couple of quarters after the destocking effect passes before you really come to grips with what the impact was. I think back to the fourth quarter, it’s rather ’03 or ’04 where we certainly had the surge in Functional Fragrance activity, North American sales for Functional jumped 20% give or take in that quarter. We knew we didn’t have any wins that would drive that order of magnitude, but it was more along the lines of the restocking because at some point in time the customer was concerned that they were going to lose the sale because they didn’t have sufficient inventory in their pipeline. So it’s 20/20 [hindsight] that will only allow us to really analyze that.
Chris Leshock: Okay. Next question I guess is probably the bigger one in my mind is you have mentioned you are seeing the raw material inflation rate tick up here and now looking at about I guess around 4% and your pricing is more or less flat. How do you tackle that 4% cost inflation, which in my opinion is probably only going to get worse here in the next quarter or two or three, how do you about getting that back?
Rob Amen: Well, there is really two ways of going back. First of all, we have to go to our customers on some materials and get cost relief and that’s a big part of it. The other part is you design the higher cost into new products. Every time we are developing a new product, we understand the new cost and we are developing those new products with those cost in place. So, in effect, you are capturing that on a go-forward basis. We are out and we have been seeking cost relief and achieving it. So, we will get a little bit more of that but as the portfolio turns you are effectively re-pricing your materials.
Chris Leshock: Great, thank you.
Operator: And at this point, we have no further questions.
Rob Amen: Well, thank you all for joining us, and we look forward to speaking with you in future quarters.
Doug Wetmore: Thank you very much.
Operator: And this concludes the teleconference. We thank for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Rob Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Doug Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  Yvette Rudich - Director of Corporate Communications 
Analysts: Michael Sison - Key Banc  Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan Fabian Wenner - UBS Todd Peters – American Century [Gaji Belkanishan] - Buckingham Research
Operator: Good day and welcome to the International Flavors & Fragrances Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2007 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] The speakers for today's call will be Rob Amen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Doug Wetmore, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Yvette Rudich, Director of Corporate Communications.
Yvette Rudich: Hello and thank you for joining us today. During the course of this webcast we may make certain forward looking comments. The complete text regarding our forward looking statement is included in our press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition during this webcast we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures in order to supplement our GAAP financial results.  Examples of such measures include our discussion of local currency sales performance and applicable geographic region and earnings per share excluding restructuring charges and other nonrecurring items. We will leave this slide up for a moment to ensure that everyone has an opportunity to review it. Now, here is what we'll cover on today's call. Rob will speak about fourth quarter and full year 2007 highlights and provide a brief overview of the flavor and fragrance units.  Doug will then present a fourth quarter and full year financial review. Following some closing comments from Rob on our 2007 achievements and 2008 perspective, we will take your questions. With that, I will now turn the call over to Rob.
Rob Amen :  Good morning, please excuse me, I'm fighting a cold so my voice may be weak but happily, the results were strong. The fourth quarter results for the corporation are highlighted on this slide and we are pleased with them. Sales were up 8% versus the fourth quarter of '06 plus 2% in local currency terms. Operating profits edged higher by 3% and earnings per share as adjusted. Doug will layout the adjustments shortly were up 18%.  Turning to the fourth quarter, the fourth quarter was a record quarter for IFF. Our Flavors business had an outstanding performance. Sales were up 10% in local currency terms and they experienced growth in each region. The Fragrance business unit again had mixed results and they were impacted by the same issues we've discussed earlier with you this year. Fragrance ingredients' pricing which eroded early in 2007 continued through the year. It didn't erode any further but it was a year over year comparison negative.  Equally, we continued to have poor performance in our fabric care activity. This quarter however, the weak retail setting did cause a notably weakness in North America and in Europe in our Fine Fragrance activities. I'm pleased though with the strength in Asia, Asia was up 11% overall showing strength in virtually every segment.  Turning to the highlights for the year, 2007 was a year of solid progress. Each quarter we set a record of results for the quarter and we are pleased with that and of course if each quarters a record, the year turned out to be a record. These results are a clear demonstration of the global strength in consumer goods and of IFF’s ability to serve our customers.  Turning to the businesses, the Flavors business which was put in place in January of '06 performed exceptionally well. The overall growth was excellent at 9%, we grew our share of market in each category. Profitability benefited from volume growth, mixed and good cost management. This business has built terrific momentum which will carry forward into the New Year. Two thousand seven was a tough year for our fragrance team, after a superb 2006 we struggled with weak performance in fabric care and adverse pricing of flavor ingredients and that impacted our margins. Fine and Beauty performed well until the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter ended a 15 consecutive quarters of growth for the Fine business. We don't have full data yet, but it appears the market for fine in the United States may have declined by 4% or 5% in volume terms so a weak season hurt our customers. I did see improvement in the Fragrance ingredients markets, which will have a positive impact in 2008 and I'll talk more about that later. For now I'd like Doug to go through the results with you in more detail.
Doug Wetmore :  Good morning everyone. As Rob mentioned earlier, Flavors continued to lead our sales growth in the fourth quarter growing 16% in dollars on a 10% local currency increase. The Fragrance sales increased 2% in Dollars on a 3% decline in local currency. The difference between the local currency growth and the Dollar performance was mainly attributable to the strength of the Euro and the Pound sterling compared to the Dollar.  The Euro was 13% stronger than the 2006 fourth quarter while the Pound was 8% stronger. A basket of other currencies accounted for the remainder of the exchange effect. For the full year, Flavor sales grew 9% in local currency while fragrances achieved a 2% local currency increase. Now, I'll discuss the sales performance of the business units in a little more detail later.  This chart depicts the percentage of growth in our consolidated sales in both local currency and reported Dollars since the first quarter of 2005. As is apparent from the graph, we went up against some challenging comparisons from a growth perspective in the third and fourth quarters of this year having grown 7% in local currency in a comparable 2006 periods. Turning to sales performance by geography, our growth was led by strong performances in the developing markets in greater Asia and Latin America.  Latin American sales were particularly strong in Flavors increasing 42% in the quarter and increasing 27% for the full year. This Flavors performance follows an 11% increase in 2006 and a 21% increase in 2005. LATAM Fine Fragrance continued its strong growth increasing 4% in the quarter and 11% for the full year. In LATAM functional fragrance and ingredients were impacted by volume declines and ingredients were also impacted by some pricing pressure as we talked about in the past.  Greater Asia growth was driven by new wins and improved volumes in Flavors, which increased 12% in local currency. Fine Fragrance performed extremely well increasing 19% in local currency driven mainly by new wins. Functional Fragrance and Ingredients performance was mainly volume related. North America sales declined 5% weighed down by volume decreases in both Fine and Functional Fragrances of 12%. Flavor sales increased 1% in the quarter while growing 4% for the full year.  Growth in Europe, Africa and the Middle East, EAME was mixed with Flavors growing 8% for the quarter and 5% for the full year, both in local currency. Fragrance sales in EAME declined 5% of local currency with volume declines in Fine Fragrances and Ingredients offsetting 4% local currency growth and Functional Fragrance. Local currency sales to our top 30 customers, which currently account for about 57% of our sales, grew 5% for the full year 2007 consistent with our overall growth.  Looking a little bit more at Flavors, as is evident from this graph, the local currency sales performance for Flavors continues to improve driven by increased wins and improving volumes. Flavors has now grown ten consecutive quarters in local currency, and as Rob mentioned, we are confident that that growth will continue into 2008. Flavor sales growth has led to equally strong improvements in Flavors profitability.  For the full year 2007, Flavors profit improved significantly as you can see. The sales performance and sales growth drove the improved gross margin performance and product mix and expense absorption also contributed to the improved profitability. Operating profit depicted on this slide is adjusted to exclude the $3 million insurance recovery related to the product contamination issue from the 2006 results, that recovery reduced selling and admin expenses by $3 million. On the same basis excluding that recovery for the full year 2007, Flavor's profit increased 25% on a 12% sales increase.  Turning to Fragrances, the local currency sales performance had been quite strong for the last several quarters driven by new wins and sustained and success of existing creations. As I mentioned, comparison to last the year third and fourth quarters was particularly difficult. The strength over the last several years has been most evident in Fine Fragrance and Beauty Care. However, we show a sharp slow down in Q4 in Fine Fragrance most notably in North America and EAME and that slowdown is reflective of a fairly slow holiday performance in fine fragrance.  As we previously mentioned on calls, Functional Fragrances had been weak, most notably in Fabric Care. However, we began to see improvement in Functional when 2007 came to a close, enabled mainly by the next commercialization of an encapsulation product. We remain confident that we are growing at or faster than the market overall, and in so doing, continue to maintain or grow our market share. Now looking at Fragrance profitability for the full year 2007, the Fragrance operating environment has been more challenging than Flavors, and Fragrance profitability has not grown in the same manner as Flavors. As I mentioned before it's fair to note that Fragrance does have the most difficult comparisons with the prior year periods. The Fragrance margins continued to be impacted by lower selling prices on Fragrance ingredients as Rob mentioned but having said that, selling price stabilized albeit lower levels. Profitability was also impacted by the weak Functional Fragrance sales as well as some increases in raw material costs. The raw material increases were in line with our expectations, about 3% to 4% year over year. The full year results were also impacted by the cost of scaling up the new ingredient facility in China, which I mentioned in earlier calls this year. That impact diminished as the year progressed and that plant is now close to operating at normal capacity levels.  Turning to the consolidated operating results, the sales increased 8% on the underlying 2% local currency growth and gross margin continued the trend seen in the first three quarters of the year, namely the impact of the lower selling prices for Fragrance ingredients. We continue to tightly control expenses in both R&D and selling and admin expenses. Currency translation added about 5% to the increase in each expense category compared to the prior year quarter.  As a percent of sales, R&D came in about 40 basis points above the prior year quarter although R&D spend ended to full year down about 20 basis points compared to full year '06. The fourth quarter of '06 was also significantly lower than normal. Selling and admin expenses increased 20 basis points in the 2007 quarter compared to the prior year. Selling and admin expense in the current quarter included about $2 million of expense incurred in connection with initiatives under way to transform certain business processes along the lines that we've talked about in prior calls. The full year results include about $4 million of such costs.  The principal enabler of this transformation of these processes is our single global instance of SAP and we'll begin to see the benefits of these initiatives in the second half of 2008. It’s still premature to share details with you on this call but we will discuss them during the first half of 2008. Turning to earnings per share, this fourth quarter of 2006 slide you've seen before, I just want to set the table for comparison with 2007. You can see the elements that run usual or otherwise nonrecurring in arriving at the reported GAAP EPS of $0.53 per share and how we arrived at an adjusted earnings per share of $0.45 which is our baseline to measure Q4 2007 earnings growth. Starting at this base of $0.45 per share you can see the elements that contributed into the growth. The sales adding 4%, our margin erosion taking $0.03 away, interest expense and other income net adding $0.04 per share. Interest expense increased $9 million in connection with the debt taken on to implement the accelerated share repurchase program, and partially offsetting this increase was a $0.05 per share gain on the sale of land. The pre-tax gain on that land was just under $6 million.  We also had more favorable exchange results in the current quarter compared to the fourth quarter of 2006 which accounts for much of the remaining difference. Taxes favorably impacted the current quarter's results mainly due to the drop in the effective rate. There are no unusual adjustments in the current quarter. We reduced the number of shares outstanding adding $0.06 per share to our result and that's how we arrive at the reported EPS of $0.58 for the quarter. Looking at adjusting that we would back out the $0.05 of gains on the sale of land in the fourth quarter and arrive at an adjusted EPS of $0.53 per share.  Now, let's look briefly at the full year 2007. The results are in front of you that 9% sales growth was built on an underlying 5% local currency growth, margin increased by 8%. Gross margin was impacted by the Fragrance ingredient pricing, but notwithstanding the gross margin decline, we delivered a 10% increase in operating profit enabled by the strong sales and good cost discipline. Currency translation added about 3% for both R&D expense and selling and admin expense, had currencies remained constant, both R&D and selling and admin would have increased about 4% each compared to the reported 7%.  The 2006 figure includes the insurance recovery of $3 million and excluding that settlement from 2006 results, selling and admin expense in '07 would have increased 6% reported instead of the 7% you see or 3% in local currency. In 2007 operating profit would have increased 11% compared to the prior year rather than the reported 10%.  Turning to our earnings per share and as with the fourth quarter, it's important to look at the adjusted '06 for just a moment. We reported $2.48 per share but as we reviewed with you during the last year's call eliminating the unusual nonrecurring items, the adjusted earnings per share was $2.32 and we said at that time that was the baseline against which to measure us in terms of our performance in 2007. Looking at 2007 and as in all cases in the past, we have not attempted to isolate currency effects, so the impact of the weaker dollar is embedded in each of the items on the slide, except the shares outstanding.  The sales growth added $0.22 per share and operating efficiency and margin improvement added $0.04 per share. Other income and interest expense after taking into account the adjustments I reviewed on the previous page, accounted for a net increase of $0.02 per share with interest expense increasing $16 million over 2006 levels driven by slightly higher cost to borrowings and a higher level of debt attributable to the accelerated share repurchase program. Offsetting the higher interest were gains on sale of land totaling $0.09 per share and favorable exchange results compared to the full year 2006. Taxes also benefited the result, overall, the effective tax rate was 24.8% compared to 27.7% in the prior year adding $0.14 per share. For that amount included the $10 million benefit recorded in the second quarter, and as we noted in our press release today excluding the non-recurring tax ruling in both 2007 and 2006, the '07 effective rate would have been 27.8%, 27.9% compared to 28.8% in 2006.  The share repurchase added the $0.12 per share and the pension curtailment that we announced in the third quarter took $0.04 away and that's how we arrived at the $2.82. To normalized that and adjust it for comparison in future years we've eliminated the affect of the curtailment as well as eliminated to the gains on sale and the one time tax benefit arriving for the adjusted earnings per share for the sake of growth in 2008 of $2.66 per share. Cash flows from operations improved 12% in comparison to the prior year driven by the 9% improvement in net income. Operating cash flow represents 127% of net income an improvement over the 125% in the prior year. Day sales and trade receivables in an inventory remained comparable with the prior year at 68 and 133 respectively. We remain pretty tight on capital spending through the full year spending $66 million. Having said that capital spending is expected to scale up in 2008 and we currently expect to spend in the range of $90 million for the full year. Gross debt was $1.2 billion at the end of the year compared to just over $800 million last year and net debt increased in connection with the share repurchase activities. I'll touch on those activities in just a moment. Net debt after deducting cash on hand stood at a $1.06 billion. The increased use of cash for dividends reflects the effect of the increases announced in October 2006 and July of this year partially offset by the lower shares outstanding. Since October 2006, we've increased the dividend by just under 25%.  Shares declined mainly as the result of the ASR entered into September and speaking of the share repurchase activity, as you aware we executed the ASR in September and prior to that, during the third quarter, we had repurchased just under one million shares in the open market. For the full year, we've accounted for the repurchase of about 10.2 million shares. Currently the ASR remains in progress and we expect completion of that program in the second quarter of 2008.  Based on current prices and the shares held back at the time we entered into the ASR, I would expect to acquire upwards of one million more shares sometime in the second quarter 2008. We won't know the final number until the ASR is complete. As you can see, our average shares outstanding for 2000, the full year, are down 4% compared to the average for 2006. For the fourth quarter this year, average shares declined 10% compared to 2006. Shares outstanding at December 31, '07 stand at $81 million. That's not taking into account dilution of equity comp, but that's the shares outstanding down 10% from the $89 million last year.  In conclusion, before I turn the call back over to Rob for some closing comments, here is the summary of 2007, we continue to see very strong growth in our industry and we are encouraged by what we've achieved so far. We continue to grow sales, improve profitability and deliver on our near term goals all while focusing on the initiatives to strengthen our business for the long term. 
Rob Amen :  Two thousand seven was a very good year for IFF. We accomplished a great deal. We think back to a year ago we put in place our new business structure and I'm pleased that it's in place and its working. Our teams have greater focus and are accountable for the results. The improved alignment with R&D is much better and we are starting to see the benefits of new materials and that is translating into sales and growth with key accounts. How do you measure success?  IFF had a record year in sales and earnings; we are a stronger company today than we were a year ago. Our Flavors business is developing well ahead of our expectations, and Fine Fragrance, while they may have had a difficult fourth quarter, had another strong year of growth. Importantly we returned nearly $600 million to share owners via dividends and share buybacks. This slide shows the financial goals which we shared with you in October of 2006 and I'm pleased, we met or exceeded these goals.  Now the goal for earnings per share growth, which we articulated in '06 which said ten plus percent improvement, we need to adjust that for the share buyback, so going forward we will show that to be something greater than 11%. Now that said, I believe that we will continue to deliver against these goals in 2008 and beyond. Two thousand seven was a good year, a year when we had good results but importantly, it was a year of foundation building.  As I look ahead into 2008, clearly the economic risks are greater today than a year ago especially in the United States and Europe. However, I continue to believe IFF will, in 2008, meet its financial goals of growing sales by greater than 4% local currency terms and by growing earning per share on an adjusted basis by something greater than 11%. The US Market may slow, but the growth we are experiencing in the emerging world and other key markets is more than offsetting the potential to decline in the US.  We've also taken a series of steps to restore our Fragrance ingredients margins which we will be able to demonstrate in the first quarter. The IFF management team believes we have the people, products and programs to make 2008 another successful year for all of our stakeholders. Now, Doug and I will be very happy to answer your questions.
Operator:  [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Michael Sison with Key Banc.
Michael Sison - Key Banc :  I appreciate your positive outlook there, Rob. In terms of the local currency growth heading into '08, you take a look at the Flavors business, it had a great year, do you think that business will continue to perform at that level, high single digits 8%, 9%? Maybe just a quick comment, should we think about Fragrances being sort of negative in the near term and in sort of turning positive by the year end?
Rob Amen :  Good questions, Mike. We don't really give specific guidance or forecast for a quarter or for the year, but I certainly expect that our Flavors business to continue to grow substantially and to grow share. There's no point in trying to nail a number on this call, but that chart that Doug shared with you that showed the quarterly progression, they seem to keep getting stronger, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine and 10% local currency growth.  We don't necessarily expect that this is going to continue to accelerate, but they have so many good things going, they’ve won so much business. I think the Flavors business will have another very, very strong year and the first quarter should be in line with that. Fragrance, I think we are going to turn the curve in Fragrance in a more positive way in the first quarter led in part by Fragrance Ingredients. I really am as much of a student of what is going to go onto the markets domestically as anybody it's hard for me to forecast it. I do expect the US retail market for Fine Fragrance is probably going to be challenging for the time being. That said, the growth in Functional, the growth in Fragrance Ingredients, and overall the growth in LATAM and Asia I think will be very good. I would expect the Fragrance business to be positive in its growth and contribution, but not the blockbuster, exceptional strength that we are seeing in Flavors.
Michael Sison - Key Banc : Then I just wanted to understand the comments on the EPS growth average that you talked about. I guess the way to think about it is that from operations you feel still sort of comfortable with a 10% plus and the ASR adds sort of 1% to 2% net earnings growth for the next two years?
Rob Amen :  Yes, it's mechanically adjusting. We stand by what we said back in October of '06 and just adjusting that for the change in the share count so we are not in anyway backing off of the strategic goal we set at that time.
Michael Sison - Key Banc : I sort of had a question on the improving the operating margins to 18 plus percent goal they outlined in slide 34. It sort of had a cute little asterisk there, which wasn't in the last years slide when you gave that slide, and so I'm wondering it sounded like last year you felt you get an operating margin of 18% plus by the end of '09 and this year you sort of putting caveat exiting '09. Has something changed in terms of maybe a little bit more pressure in raw materials or the pricing issue in Functional Fragrances, has that sort of led you to put that little caveat relative to the last year?
Doug Wetmore:  Quite frankly it was just because people were expecting us to have a fourth quarter operating profit of 18% of sales in 2009. Quite frankly as you know, the fourth quarter is our smallest operating profit quarter and we put that in because I think people were getting a higher expectation that if we were exiting the fourth quarter with an 18% operating profit, that it should be really jumping 2010. So there's been no change to the target. 
Rob Amen: It's our plan to get to above 18.5%, we didn't make as much progress in '07 largely because the Fragrance Ingredients margin erosion. I think we are going to get that back on track this year, we have some other initiatives and I'm not backing off of that. I think that is very, very doable and the primary driver in all this is growing our share in the key segments and the key product areas.
Operator:  We'll hear next from Jeff Zekauskas from JP Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan:  You were kind enough to talk about what you thought the fragrance industry growth rate was how about the flavors industry growth rate?
Rob Amen:  I could say something about the Fine Fragrance because we just got a little it of data on retail sales, we are extrapolating that. I don't have any good data for Flavors. I believe the flavors market is probably what we are using internally, growing on the order of 4% to 5% broadly on a global basis.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan: It looks like you are picking up about five percentage points of market share or something like that? In what areas are you doing that, how are you doing that?
Rob Amen:  Well grew very substantially in beverage, which is an area we have not been particularly strong in. We continue to be strong in our traditional area of savory and the sweet. Really, the only category that didn't grow that much this year and had nothing to do with us was the dairy. As you may be aware, just because of the run up in the price of milk and dairy products, consumption of dairy overall weakened a bit this year and so demand for dairy related flavors was not quite as strong as the other areas.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan: In beverage is this carbonated or non-carbonated where you making your gains?
Rob Amen : It's in both. It's an example that we are getting quicker response in our Flavors business from these platforms of excellence put in place. We were able to develop some new materials and to get those materials in formulas and actually one business and shipped it this year in that category. So the approach of targeting certain categories setting up these platforms of excellence aligning our R&D is really delivering better value for our customers.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Earlier in the call you were kind enough to give the growth rate of your top customers for the year, what was the growth rate for the top customers in local currency for the fourth quarter?
Doug Wetmore:  It was a little bit less than that, Jeff. A couple percent, I think it's reflective of really the results, because remember some of the fragrance customers are some of biggest customers and we saw that slowdown in Fine Fragrance.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan: So it sounds like you said that you thought your volume growth next year would be around 4%. So I guess that's maybe 2% in Fragrances, 6% in Flavors. So you are expecting some kind of rebound in the Fragrance market, why is that?
Rob Amen :  I think we are not necessarily saying 2% and 4%. We said that our sales overall would be up greater than 4%. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan: So 2% and 6% is sort of average is 4%. In order to hit that 4% you have to get some growth out of Fragrances. 
Rob Amen: We expect Fragrances to grow, we've got some new products that we are launching. We are expanding our encapsulation sales, we’ve got a series of things. I'm not going to forecast it by segment, but I believe we will have more than 4% growth in local currency and that Fine Fragrance in total will be positive for the year. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Do you have a plan A and a plan B if the global economies really slow down? That is, do you have the ability to really bring your cost structure down, and if you don’t, if your volume growth doesn't measure up to your expectations? 
Rob Amen: We are being very cautious and one of the dormers we have is we start constraining our resources. We are not going to be prepared top meet the opportunity of growth. The facilities are there, we don't have excess facilities or capacity that we would want to shut down. Our primary expense is people and the people we have are some of our best assets, it takes a long time to develop and train them. I don't want to mislead you I'm not going to throttle back and cut expenses or key people because sales may go down for a quarter or two. I'm much more interested in building this company longer term and being able to capture the growth in the emerging world that we expect over the longer term.
Doug Wetmore :  I think in that regard too remember that the things the briefs that are being worked on right now are for commercialization to a great extent in late '08, 2009, and even 2010 for the Fine Fragrance perspective, so we have to be mindful of that growth for the future.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan:  I guess, lastly your SG&A costs were up about 10% and you were kind enough to mention that maybe five percentage points of that was currency but that also holds for your sales line, your local currency growth was only a couple of percent. Are you worried about that sort of much faster inflation of your overhead relative to your volume growth?
Doug Wetmore:  Remember I mentioned that we also had some additional expenses of about $2 million in the quarter for these transformation costs. I think you really have to look at the SG&A on a full year basis rather than on an individual quarter basis. Just because timing of some of the expenditures with customer testing and so forth can impact selling and admin in an individual quarter although that has a tendency to smooth out over fullness of the year.
Rob Amen:  I have to say the fourth quarter alone which I think it was up nine, we are not losing control. We've been very, very focused on maintaining our cost discipline. We are going to continue on that. For the full year, I think we are okay. The fourth quarter was a little bit higher than I would have preferred, and we'll continue to be very focused to keeping control of our overhead costs.
Operator: We'll hear next from Fabian Wenner from UBS. 
Fabian Wenner - UBS: Firstly on capex, you have been spending around 3% of sales in '06 and '07. Do you see that as a sustainable level or can you maybe just close as what the main capex level for you? That's the first question. Secondly, on the market share gain you've been discussing on Flavors, can you give us a bit more granularity on whether that's been with new customers primarily or were they new wins with existing customers? Thirdly, would you say it's fair to say that the environment has gotten tougher for smaller competitors to maybe regulatory standards and service requirements from large customers? Do you see any of that; do you see smaller competitors being driven out of the market? Thank you very much.
Rob Amen : Let me try to answer those in reverse order. I think the market has become more challenging with the global nature, the global reach, regulatory settings around the world, reach, and etcetera. I think companies such as IFF have a better ability to meet those challenges. I don't know the inside of the smaller people, I know it appears that the large flavor and fragrance companies seem to be gaining share. So I think it's a fair conclusion that the smaller companies may be losing share.  Your second question on where we are growing in the Flavor area, and I'm happy to say that we've grown our business with our existing clients very substantially but particularly in the beverage area but that's a new business, and I would say probably slightly more than half the growth is with our existing and something less than half the growth is with the new clients and new products. 
Doug Wetmore: With respect to the capital expenditures as I mentioned previously in my comments, it's been below depreciation for the last couple of years, but we expect the spend to be about $90 million this year and if you look at the cash flows which is in the press release, the depreciation and amortization, it includes about $13 million of amortization. Depreciation is about $70 million, and I expect that over any three year period the capital spending would be pretty much in line with depreciation during that period of time so roughly $70 to $75 million average per year. So over a three year period $220 to $225 million.
Operator: We'll hear next from Todd Peters with American Century. 
Todd Peters – American Century: Just to following up a little bit more on the capital spending incremental increase, what are you spending on is it more capacity, is it in the US, is it Europe, is it Asia? Can you give me a little more nderstanding of that?
Rob Amen: We had announced earlier a couple of special projects, we are building a new creative center in Brazil and that really accounts for the bulk of the increase year over year, and then some selective capital capacity expansion in areas that we've grown so quickly and we are running short in the Beverage area, a couple of the other flavored products.
Todd Peters – American Century: Then on the Fragrance side of the equation US, do you feel that the volume declined is an inventory and a retailer issue or is it like end consumer demand changes?
Rob Amen:  The market is growing 1 or 2% on Fine Fragrance market generally. Typically an inventory swing will be far greater than that. We don't have the data but my guesstimate is more just a backup in the channel. We know there are some customers who have slowed down their purchasing. So I think the fourth quarter change is something greater than the end product consumption change.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Sison. 
Michael Sison – Key Banc :  I have a follow up in Fine Fragrance, is there sort of an inventory over hang that might linger in the first quarter? The demand wasn't that good, so maybe they are not going to need some of your stuff until the second quarter?
Rob Amen:  We don't have clarity on that yet; I think there's a chance on that for sure. I think a lot of people are sorting out where they are with their inventory and their consumption. We are in discussion with all of our key customers so I'm just not able to give you a definitive answer on that.
Michael Sison – Key Banc : Then in the Flavors wins in '07 just qualitatively, clearly the strength that you had in '07 was determined by good win rates in 2006. Where the win rate in '07 better, about the same, than you had in '06?
Rob Amen :  Two thousand seven benefited from good win rates in '05, '06, and in '07. The response in Flavors is oftentimes much faster than Fragrances, but I do feel, and that's why I said earlier, the momentum going into '08 is very strong for flavors, they had a very strong win rate in '07.
Michael Sison – Key Banc : But you have a base of wins that sort of ensures a certain level of growth into '08 assuming you win a couple more and if the market plays positive that sort of gives you the comfort zone in strong sales growth for that segment next year.
Rob Amen :  That's correct. 
Michael Sison – Key Banc : In fragrances maybe the same line of questioning is there a pretty good win rate heading into '08 that gives you some comfort in maintaining some growth next year? 
Rob Amen :  We've got some very, very important base business that continues to go on, we continue to win. I was just informed of the whole series of important wins somewhere in the fabric area which I'm pleased about that will be shipping in the second quarter. We stumbled a little bit in '07 in that area, we are working hard to correct it. I don't think it's going to go back to, remember the third and fourth quarter of '06 the Fragrance business was up 9%, 10%, 11% at the time we said that it was not sustainable, and so year over year comparisons are off a really tough basis. We are going to get that Fragrance business to be back on track, and I feel very strongly that we'll be able to have good growth in that business and they'll be contributing and you'll track it as we go through, and that's not a hockey stick. I think you are going to see some improvement in the first quarter.
Michael Sison – Key Banc : So the first quarter improvement would be better than the year over year decline in the fourth or positive?
Robert Amen : I'm not going to answer you there. We'll go through, you'll see an improvement sales and margins year over year.
Michael Sison – Key Banc : Improving in sales and margins year over year. 
Robert Amen : Yes, I mean comparing for the first quarter to fourth quarter isn't really the representative thing it's almost a lay out. It will be improvement first quarter to first quarter.
Michael Sison – Key Banc : Last question, could you just give us an update of encapsulation, how big was it in total for 2007, maybe go through what the growth potential is in '08 and maybe just an understanding of where your customers are I thought Europe and Latin America was launching and just give us a quick update on encapsulation?
Doug Wetmore: It came in just about where we thought. It is just slightly less than 1% of sales, consolidated sales that is in 2007. Based on current expectations it will be somewhere between 1.5% and 2% of sales in 2008 and again that just depends on the timing of the launches, on the success of the product, but we are confident of the success of the product. New products have been introduced into the marketplace and we are interested to see how they succeed in the marketplace we firmly believe it’s a very solid product with very good performance and good consumer acceptance and success will breed success. So in 2009 the Fragrance encapsulation sales should be somewhere between 2% and 3% of our consolidated sales. So we are not backing off on the growth expectations for that technology.
Michael Sison – Key Banc : In terms of the launch expectations for lay, could you just give us a feel when, is there still to be some launches in the second quarter, third quarter or it just sort of spread throughout the year?
Doug Wetmore: I think the next launch of consequence will probably be in the second half of the year, but that's the commercial launch, which means that we may get some benefit of it in our second quarter. It would be a bit premature, and we don't want to preempt our customers in any way. That doesn't always have a positive effect if we preempt them.
Michael Sison – Key Banc :  Last question, a couple years ago you guys talked about launching some initial R&D for the for the taste stuff…
Rob Amen : Taste receptors. 
Michael Sison – Key Banc Capital Markets: Taste receptors, and any update there as sort of where are you at in terms of that R&D program?
Rob Amen : As you know, that is really very advanced high risk research, we continue to do it. We continue to progress. We have not found a confirmed win. We are going back and revalidating the actual receptors to be sure that we are working on those things, and that is really a long term project. We have a good program but we keep it modest, but nothing of substance to report to you.
Operator: We'll go next to John Roberts with Buckingham Research. 
[Gaji Belkanishan] - Buckingham Research: You mentioned your concerns on economic uncertainty in North America and Western Europe and I was just wondering specifically on Western Europe, what is your general outlook and maybe how that changes between continued economic strength versus recession over there?
Rob Amen :  Are you asking how I feel about the economies of Europe or our business? 
[Gaji Belkanishan] - Buckingham Research: Your business.
Rob Amen :  I feel that, as I indicated earlier, we'll continue to grow in Europe. The European economies are starting to feel a little bit of headwind, but Western Europe has remained pretty stable and growth in Eastern Europe has been robust especially if we include Russia in that. So, no, I think we'll continue to be able to advance consistent with our strategic goals in Europe, and most especially in the Flavors area.
[Gaji Belkanishan] - Buckingham Research: In case of a recession you feel that you would be in line with all of Europe and your business in general?
Rob Amen: We don't do cyclical forecasts. If there's a serious recession it will probably have an impact. We are not seeing that at this stage, and we are working hard to grow well beyond that.
Operator: We'll hear again from Jeff. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Your amortization expense on the sequential basis went from I think about $3.6 million to $2.2 million. Why is that? And is that permanent?
Doug Wetmore:  That dates back to the acquisition accounting for BBA, and the identified intangibles are beginning to reach the end of their amortizable life. That’s fully disclosed on the annual report and then note on intangibles, and we'll update that this year, but yes, you begin to see a fall off in amortization, the full year effect in 2008 and then I think the next decline is in 2011 or 2012. I don't have that precisely in front of me, but you can see that in the annual report from last year.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan:  So roughly your amortization expense in '08 should be around about $8.8 million, is that right? 
Doug Wetmore:  Yes, I think it's something like that. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan: Secondly, what rate of interest are you play on your debt these days? 
Doug Wetmore : Actually the full year rate was about 4.5%. We look at debt at the balance sheet date, the rate was about 5.4% or 5.5%, and I would not expect that to fluctuate much.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JP Morgan: I guess lastly you've done obviously such a good job in Flavors versus your competition but sometimes when you look at your Swiss opponents in Fragrances, they seem to have a little bit faster growth rate than you do? So do you find that you may be losing a little bit of share in some of your Fragrance markets these days?
Rob Amen: You break it down by segment. I don't think that's the case broadly in Fine Fragrance. I think in Fine Fragrance we've consistently grown our share. One quarter we still had a good year in Fine Fragrance in '07 and Functional, yes, I would imaginably lost some share in Functional Fragrance this year, because our growth has not met our expectation. We pretty much understand where and why that has occurred and we are working to turn around that performance. I don't think there's a structural reason. I think we didn't perform as well as we could have with a couple of key accounts, but yes in Functional Fragrance, we've probably lost a little bit of share in '07. 
Operator: It appears that we have no further questions at this time. 
Rob Amen : Well, thank you all for dialing in and listening to us. We look forward to continuing the dialogue and should you have questions in the future, we are always available to you to help clarify them. Thank you very much and best wishes in the New Year.
Operator: That does conclude today's presentation. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Yvette Rudich - Director of Corporate Communications Robert M. Amen - Chairman and CEO  Douglas J. Wetmore - Sr. VP and CFO 
Analysts:  Michael J. Sison - Key Banc Capital Markets Dino Menzo - Stanford Capital John Roberts - Buckingham Research   
Operator:  Good day everyone you are on hold for today’s International Flavors and Fragrances conference call. We are currently admitting additional participants and plan to be underway shortly. Thank you for your patience and please continue to stay on the line.  Please stand by. Good day everyone, and welcome to the International Flavors & Fragrances third quarter 2007 earnings conference. Just as a reminder today’s call is being recorded. All participants’ lines will be muted until the question-and-answer portion of this call and instructions will be given at that time.  The speakers for today’s call will be Mr. Robert Amen Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Douglas Wetmore, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Yvette Rudich, Director of Corporate Communications. Please go ahead. 
Yvette Rudich – Director of Corporate Communications:  Hello and thank you for joining us today. During the course of this web cast we may make certain forward looking comments. The complete texts regarding our forward looking statements is included in our press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition during this web cast we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures in order to supplement our GAAP financial results. Examples of such measures include our discussion of local currency sales performance and a clickable geographical regions and earnings per share, excluding restructuring charges and other non returning items. We will leave this slide up for a moment, to ensure that everyone has an opportunity to review it.  Now here is what we will cover on today’s call. Rob will speak about market dynamics, third quarter highlights and the business unit overviews. Doug will then provide a third quarter financial review. Following some closing comments from Rob, we will then take your questions. And with that, I will now turn it over to Rob. Rob? 
Robert M. Amen – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Thanks, Yvette. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us. Before we discuss our Q3 results, I wanted to share with you our view of the market place, which is part of what makes us particularly optimistic about our future. The global economy continues to show healthy growth. Both the developed and the developing markets are expected to grow through 2008 with China and India driving increases in growth. And we believe the Flavor and Fragrance markets are growing as well, which is due in part to the increasing purchasing power of consumers in the developing markets. This is good news for our customers and for IFF because our customers are among the most prominent global enterprises, who are growing those regions.  In addition their customers in developed markets, they are reaching a growing middle class that stretches from Indonesia to China to Russia, Brazil and beyond. Our data indicates that as entry level consumers’ disposal income increases, they spend a disproportionate amount of their new income on better consumer products and that’s good for our future. Such is the snapshot of the external environment as we see it.  Now let’s take a look at our third quarter results. As we told you on our second quarter call, our key priorities continue to be developing our customer relationships, developing our product innovations, topline growth and improving our operational performance. Focusing on these elements enabled us to deliver in the third quarter, results that equaled or exceeded our long term financial goals. Looking at the third quarter highlights, adjusted to exclude unusual items, which Doug will cover in more detail later, our revenue grew 8%. Excluding the foreign exchange impact our growth was 5%. We believe that’s faster than the market’s growth. Operating margins were 16.5%, up slightly from last year’s 16.3%. And earnings per share increased 13% from a year ago period. We are very pleased with these results and clearly we are moving forward in all areas because of the successful implementation of our business plan.  Turning to the individual businesses, the flavor business had another very strong quarter. This is the third quarter in a row of double digit sales growth for the business. The growth was in all categories and in each market. Operating margins improved, growing 14%, driven by new winds, improved costs and richer product mix. The business unit strategy is clearly paying off and I am pleased with the momentum that we are building in this business.  The Fragrance business sales were up 6% versus the third quarter of 2006. Results in this business were weighted down due to lower pricing for Fragrance ingredient sales and a weak year-over-year performance in our fabric care segment. I believe, we’ve bought a bottom down in these areas and expect improvement in coming quarters, as encapsulation launches take hold. Fine Fragrance had another strong quarter. The Fine Fragrance business has now grown, I believe 15 quarters in a row. The Fragrance business overall is performing well expect in fabric care volume and ingredients pricing.  I believe this business has a right initiative underway to deliver stronger results in the coming quarters. Doug will give more details on the financials. 
Douglas J. Wetmore – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Yes, thanks Rob. Good morning everyone and let’s begin with an overview of sales. This slide provides a breakdown of sales and growth by our two business units. Flavors achieved a 12% growth on reported dollars on a 9% increase in local currency sales; while Fragrance sales grew 6% in dollars, on a 3% local currency increase. The difference between the local currency growth and the dollar performance was mainly due to the strength of the Euro and the pound. The Euro was 6% stronger then the prior year quarter, while the pound was nearly 8% stronger. A basket of other currencies accounted for the remainder of the exchange effect.  Now, I’ll discuss the sales performance in a little bit detail by business unit. This chart depicts the percentage growth in our consolidate sales, in both local currency and reported dollars since the first quarter 2005. As you can see we’ve been delivering local currency growth since the fourth quarter of that year, and moreover since the second quarter of2006, we’ve been achieving local currency growth in line or better than our stated goal of at least 4%. Also, as it is evidenced in the graph, we went up against some challenging comparisons from a growth perspective in the third quarter this year, having grown 7% in the local currency in the third quarter 2006. Now turning to sales performance by geography, in this slide we summarize sales performance in local currency by the geographic regions. In full details regarding that sales growth are in our 10-Q, which was filed this morning.  North America sales overall were flat laid down by volume decreases and functional Fragrances partially offset by continued strong performances in a Fine Fragrance and Fragrance ingredients. Flavors continued a strong 2007 performance in North America growing 5% in the quarter, driven mainly by new winds. Growth in Europe, Africa and the Middle East, came in all product categories led by increase of 15% in ingredients and 7% in Fine Fragrances.  Flavors delivered another solid quarter of 4% local currency growth. Latin America sales were particularly strong most notably in Flavors, which increased 31% in the quarter and is up 21% year-to-date. The Flavors performance year-to-date follows an 11% increase for the full year 2006 and a 21% increase in 2005. So we have really been doing well with Flavors in that market. Latin America Fine Fragrance also continued to strong growth increasing 14% in the quarter. Per functional Fragrance and ingredients were impacted by volume declines and in the case of ingredients, pricing also added some impact.  Greater Asia achieved significant growth driven by new winds and improved volumes most notably in Flavors, which increased 10% local currency. Fine Fragrance performance was also very solid driven mainly by new winds.  Local currency sales to our top 30 customers, which currently account for about 57% of our sales, grew in line with the growth for the quarter at 5% and are up over 6% for the first 9 months this year, continuing the pace of growth achieved for the full year 2006.  Now turning in some details of Flavors, this chart depicts the percentage growth in Flavor sales in both, local currency; the yellow line and reported dollars for the last 3 years since December, January 1 2005. As in evident, the local currency sales performance for Flavors continues to strengthen driven by increased winds and improving volume. Flavors, has now grown nine consecutive quarters in local currency and we are confident that growth will continue. And Flavors sales growth has led to equally strong improvements in Flavor profitability as Rob discussed moments ago. The new winds in volume growth of existing business drove improved gross margin performance.  Product mix and expense absorption have also contributed to the improved profitability. Now operating profit depicted on this slide is as adjusted to exclude a $3 million insurance recovery, related to the 2005 product contamination issue. We realized that insurance recovery in the third quarter of 2006. Including the insurance recovery from the prior year operating results, the 12% sales growth would have resulted in an 8% increase in operating profit on a GAAP reported basis.  Turning to Fragrances, the percentage growth in Fragrance sales in both local currency and dollars since the first quarter of 2005 is depicted on this chart. The local currency sales performance has been quite strong for the past several quarters, driven by new winds and the sustained success of existing creations. Net strength over this period has been most evident in fine fragrance and beauty care. More recently, sales of ingredients have also begun to pick up. Ingredient sales increased in the third quarter and have increased 7% in local currency year-to-date. As Rob mentioned earlier in the call, functional fragrances have been weak, most notably in fabric care. However, we expect that weakness to begin turning around soon enabled mainly by the new encapsulation product launches, which we expect.  Now looking at fragrance profitability, the fragrance operating environment has been somewhat more challenging than flavors has experienced, and fragrance profitability has not grown in the same manner that it has for flavors this quarter. It is fair to note that fragrance has the more difficult comparisons with prior year periods. The fragrance margins continue to be impacted by lower selling prices on fragrance ingredients; having said that though, the selling prices have stabilized at these lower levels. Profitability in the current quarter was also impacted by weak functional fragrance sales, as well as some increases, in raw material costs. The raw material increases were in line with our expectations, and about 2% to 3% year-over-year.  The cost of scaling up of the new ingredient facility in China, which I noted in our past couple of quarters, has diminished in third quarter 2007, and that plant is close to operating at a normal capacity level.  Now turning to consolidated operating results. This chart reflects as adjusted numbers for 2006. The sole adjustment is the exclusion of the $3 million insurance recovery, which was included in selling and admin expenses in the 2006 third quarter. Sales increased 5, excuse me, 8% in dollars on the underlying 5% local currency increase. Gross margin eroded somewhat compared to the prior year for the reasons already mentioned, namely the lower selling prices for fragrance ingredients. We continue to tightly control expenses in both research and development and selling and admin.  Currency translation added about 3% to each category, compared to the prior year quarter. But as a percent of sales, R&D is 10 basis points below the prior year quarter, and is down about 30 basis points year-to-date. Selling and admin expenses declined 70 basis points in the 2007 quarter in comparison to the prior year excluding that insurance recovery. Including the insurance recovery in the 2006 results, selling and admin expense for the FY06 quarter would have been 16.3% of sales compared to the 16.2% that we reported in the current year.  Selling and admin expense for the current quarter also included about $1.5 billion of expense incurred in connection with initiatives currently underway, to transform our business processes along the lines of what we’ve talked about in prior calls. I would expect the similar amount of expense in the fourth quarter this year as well as the first quarter next year. The principal enabler of these transformation initiatives is our single global instance of SAP, which we’ve talked about a long period of time. We’ll begin to see benefits of these initiatives in the second half of 2008, and it’s premature to share additional details on this call but we will keep you updated as progress is made.  Operating profit as a percent of sales on this as adjusted basis, totaled 16.5% in the third quarter this year compared to the as adjusted figure of 16.2% reported in the prior year quarter. Now looking at reconciliation of earnings per share, before we walk you through the growth components of earnings per share for the third quarter this year, its important to revisit the 2006 results for a moment. Third quarter 2006 earnings as reported was $0.70 per share. However, the $0.70 per share included the impact of a couple of items that were non-recurring in nature which should be fully considered in evaluating our performance in the current quarter. First the insurance recovery, which represented about $0.03 per share and secondly other income for the third quarter last year, was unusually high, mainly as a result of gains on disposal of some fixed assets.  In our third quarter call last year, we highlighted these elements as having accounted for a net swing in other income expense of $0.04 per share. So adjusting for these items we arrive at what I considered to be adjusted earnings per share for the third quarter of 2006, of $0.63 per share and that’s the basis on which we will measure our performance in the current quarter. So, turning to 2007, the evolution of earnings per share from the $0.63 we just talked about to our current year result is depicted on the slide and as in the past, we have not attempted to isolate exchange effects in the chart, so the impact of the weaker dollar is embedded in each of the elements discussed, except the number of shares outstanding. Also the amounts are approximate as they are subject to rounding. But having said that, sales growth added $0.06 per share, inefficiencies added $0.01 per share. The strong sales growth facilitated efficiency improvements, an element of which is capacity utilization and absorption and expense control also contributed to the profitability improvement. However, offsetting this to a certain extend was the somewhat weaker gross margin.  Other income and interests expense combined, after taking into account the adjustments I just discussed on preceding slide, accounted for a decline of $0.03 per share. An increase in interest expense represented the biggest source of change, for which the primary reason is the increase in the average interest rate on debt. In the 2006 quarter our average interest rate was 3.2% and this year it averaged 4.4%. The debt we took on in connection with accelerated share repurchase program executed in this quarter and which I’ll talk about in a few moments, had a fairly normal impact on the interest rate, interest expense in the third quarter.  Taxes favorably impacted the current quarter’s result. The effective tax rate was 27% compared to 29.8% in the prior year quarter, adding $0.2 per share and there were no unusual tax adjustments in the current quarter. We reduced the number of shares outstanding by 3% compared to the FY06 period, adding $0.2 per share and I’ll talk about the share repurchase in a moment. And finally as discussed in the press release and in our Q, the company reported a pension curtailment loss of $6 million or $0.04 per share. Effective the end of this year, the company froze the defined benefit for the vast majority of its U.S. based employees and introduced an enhanced defined contribution plan for those employees. As a result of these actions the company expects to realize net annual cost savings of approximately $4 million beginning in 2008. As I mentioned additional details regarding the pension change are included in our 10Q.  Now taking into account all these components, our reported earnings per share for the third quarter this year $0.67 per share; but for purposes of measuring our future performance specifically the third quarter 2008 performance, we would exclude the impact of the curtailment loss. We consider the adjusted earnings per share of $0.71 per share adding back the pension cost, to be the basis against which our future growth should be measured.  It’s useful to put in context our quarterly earnings per share performance this year compared to the last several years. When excluding the restructuring charges and other non-recurring items such as the tax benefit of home land, gains on sale of assets and the 2007 pension curtailment, earnings per share this quarter represents the second highest earnings per share achieved in the companies history. The chart also serves to highlight the element of [inaudible] in our business, with the fourth quarter being noticeably and consistently smaller, in terms of earnings in the other quarters of the year.  Bear in mind in the fourth quarter 2006, the company reported GAAP earnings per share of $0.53, which included restructuring charges of $0.02 per share, as well as gains on the sale of land of $0.06 per share and a credit to tax expense of $0.04 per share, for reversal of tax reserves following a tax ruling. Adjusting for these items for purposes of measuring the fourth quarter 2007 performance, our baseline for performance in the fourth quarter 2006 was an adjusted per share result of $0.45. If you are modeling our fourth quarter performance for this year we believe it is the $0.45 that you should be measuring us against.  Now, turning to cash flows, the FY07 cash flows from operations declined compared to the prior year result and that was not unexpected. I discussed the contributing factors before but let me briefly repeat those, for someone that may not be familiar. The main driver for the decline was about $55 million of payments and incentive in deferred compensation made in the first quarter of FY07 with respect to 2006. In 2006, there were about $9 million of such payments. For the full year 2007 I continue to expect cash flows from operations to have about the same relationship to net income as it did in 2006. A principle enabler of that in the fourth quarter will be, sharply lower pension contributions this year compared to the roughly $60 million we contributed in the fourth quarter of 2006.  We remain pretty tight on our capital spending with about $37 million gross spending year-to-date compared to $31 million prior year period. And capital spending is expected to scale up somewhat in the last quarter of the year. We currently expect spending to be close to $60 million for the full year 2007. Our gross debt at September 30th was $1.187 billion, $1.2 billion compared to just little bit over $800 million at June 30th and December 31st. The debt increased in connection with our increased share buy back activities. You can also see the impact of the increased dividends reflecting the increases in October last year and July this year, partially offset by somewhat lower shares outstanding.  This slide outlines the share repurchase activity undertaken this year. You will note that following our announcement in July of the accelerated program, the company terminated the remaining 125 million authorization, that had been in effect and which was replaced by the new $750 million program. We executed the accelerated share repurchase program in September and prior to that during the third quarter, we repurchased just under $1 million shares in the open market. Year-to-date, we’ve accounted the repurchase at 10.2 million shares at an average price of $52. The full details regarding the ASR are included in our 10-Q. As you can see our average shares outstanding in the third quarter this year compared to last year are down 3%. The full impact of the ASR will be evident in the fourth quarter. As you can see our shares outstanding in September 30th, 2007 stand at just below $81 million dollars, 81 million shares, excuse me, down 10% from the 89.4 million outstanding at December 31, 2006.  In connection with the ASR, we completed a private placement of debt in September issuing $500 million. You can see the various terms and value for those terms in the chart. The ASR funding accounted for $450 million of funds and the remainder was used to payoff current bank borrowings. We were very pleased with the overall interest in the IFF debt placement and as you can see, we were able to term up the debt over 10 to 20 year period at a weighted average interest rate on debt of 6.37%. Taking into account this debt along with all other debt on our books as September 30th, 2007 our weighted average interest rate was about 5.5%.  In terms of maturities, this slide depicts the maturities of debt over the next several years. You can see we have a very good ladder of maturities with no major tranches is maturing in any one period. The 2012 maturity reflects the scheduled end of our current bank facility and while we show it is been paid off for purposes of this slide, it will be our intension to enter into a new credit facility.  As expected, the rating agencies adjusted their rating on the IFF debts, which kept our outlook overall as stable. We were very comfortable with these ratings. So in summary before I turn the call back over to Rob, we continue to see strong growth in our industry and we are very encouraged with our performance today. We continue to grow sales, improve profitability and deliver on our near term goals, all while focusing on the initiatives necessary to strengthen our business for the long term.  And with that I’ll turn it back over to Rob. 
Robert M. Amen – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Thanks Doug that was great. Enclosing just a few comments, first we are pleased; we delivered another good quarter for our share owners and our customers. It was a very, very good performance and as we look ahead, we remain confident in our ability to continue to perform, consistent with our strategic goals, which have lined for you this time last year. The combination of the positive external environment and IFF’s continued focus on winning with our customers, developing our people and innovation will enable us to continue to deliver on our commitments. And with that Doug and I will be happy to respond to your questions.  Question and Answer 
Operator:  Thank you. [Operator Instructions]  We’ll first go first to Mike Sison of Key Banc. 
Michael J. Sison – Key Banc Capital Markets:  Hey guys. Hi Yvette nice quarter. Rob when you assessed the organic sales growth this year for 2007, the one of the things that you noted in the long term growth that you felt that market growth would be about 2%. So you are tracking more on the plus side of the four plus, is that more of what you have done internally in terms of new products winds or is the market actually going faster than the two? 
Robert M. Amen – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  That’s a great question Mike; I mean clearly our expectation is. We are going to grow relative to the market first and foremost. We believe that we have got the tools in place to enable our customers to succeed and consequently we will be rewarded with best organic growth. Our understanding in the markets were when we set those goals that on balance of markets were growing at 2%.  I think there is increasing evidence that perhaps growth is more than that, but I am not prepared here today to give you a hard number. We are evaluating our data, our customer’s data and we will update that number. If that number goes up, my expectation is that we will again expect to grow faster than the market. But stay tuned we will come back when we will have more analysis there. 
Michael J. Sison – Key Banc Capital Markets:  Okay. Then when you think about the momentum heading in 2008, I know it’s a little bit early but you know can you give us a little sense on the new project when sort of the momentum there, do you see it carrying over into 2008? Looks like Flavors is done a wonderful job this year, picking up a lot of business. 
Robert M. Amen – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  I tried to indicate that. As I said looking ahead I continue to believe we are going to be able to sustain the growth and sales and earnings that we have lined in our financial goals. Flavors has had a great year and they are on a great trend as you saw from the charts Doug shared with you. Do I expect they’re going to continue to grow at 9% local currency terms? I think that’s a bit of a stretch but I think they are going to continue to grow. They’ve got some terrific new products in the market and winning in a number of areas, so I expect them to continue to advance.  Flavors as we've indicated has sort of, pardon me, Fragrances has labored under the dilemma with the pricing of fragrance ingredients, which really dates back to a decline in pricing we saw early in the year. No further deterioration and I would anticipate, not a lot of deterioration from here either. Fabric care has been a disappointment. And that occurred because we had a loss in certain products they came off the market and there was a lag before the new product came back in. These new products are now coming in the market. They are scheduled in the first quarter and beyond. So, I think Fragrance is going to pick up from where they are today. So I remain very optimistic because we've got great internal initiatives and to be honest with you we're dealing with a buoyant global economy and an improving global consumer. 
Michael Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets:  Right. 
Robert M. Amen – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  That’s our market. 
Michael Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets:  In terms of the profitability of Fragrances, it’s been, you talked about the margin pressures primarily, pricing and fragrance ingredients, higher raws and sort of volumes there and functional. Are those sort of weighted equally? And then going forward, how do you make up some of those pressures heading into 2008? 
Douglas J. Wetmore – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Well Mike. The pricing represented about 40% of the impact. 
Michael Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets:  Okay. 
Douglas J. Wetmore – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Material cost represented about 30% of the impact and then the volume declines in functional fragrances, which as you see if you look in the 10-Q were most pronounced in North America, that accounted for about 30% of the decline in the margin. So we're spread fairly evenly between those three elements. 
Michael Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets:  And do you think those pressures will persist into 2008? 
Robert M. Amen – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  I’d add Mike, in today’s world with oil trading above $90 and various commodities inflating fairly rapidly. Historically we've said our raw materials are increasing in the order of 2% to 3%. 
Michael Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets:  Right. 
Robert M. Amen – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  And that’s what we've seen. But, I think we have to be cautionary that there could be increases. We have had, they’re not big items because in the context of the 2% to 3% overall increase we've had some declines and we've had some increases of substantially more than that so— 
Michael Sison – Keybanc Capital Markets:  Alright. Last question, I’ll get back in queue in terms of cost savings plusses heading into 2008 in the fourth quarter, you sort of had the plus paying efficiency mix, if you can accelerate that maintain sales growth would your margins expect to improve in Fragrance year-over-year going forward? 
Douglas J. Wetmore – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  I think that would be one of the enablers Mike, the second one is as Rob mentioned earlier on the call, the acceleration of the launches in connection with encapsulation technology will one, give us a little bit strengthening in functional fragrances and those two elements along with just continued sales growth will further improve the profitability in 2008. 
Michael J. Sison – Key Banc Capital Markets:  Okay, great, thanks. 
Douglas J. Wetmore – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Thank you. 
Robert M. Amen – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you Mike. 
Operator:  [Operator instructions] We’ll go next to Dino Menzo [ph] of Stanford Capital. 
Dino Menzo – Stanford Capital:  Hi guys, nice quarter. Just want to re-highlight something that makes me understand it properly. If we excluded $3 million gain that happened in Q3 of FY06 regarding insurance settlement, we’ve got out of Q3 FY06 EBIT numbers, we are really showing EBIT margins kind of pre-amortization 17.1 percentage share over 17% last year and post the amortization of 16.5 versus 16.2. So we did expand EBIT margin when you wiped out that $3 million gain is that right? 
Douglas J. Wetmore – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  And we think its appropriate to wipe that out because that was, we had to explain all that because that impacted both FY05 and FY06, but that’s a one off item that had to go through the selling and admin but you really have to exclude it for purposes of analysis. 
Robert M. Amen – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  It wasn’t a period item really. 
Dino Menzo – Stanford Capital:  I agree, whenever the sales side notice this morning, I didn’t excluded I made it look like your EBITDA margin was down, 40 basis points year-over-year, so I just wasn’t sure that-- 
Douglas J. Wetmore – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  I think that’s a very good point, we tried to highlight in both the 10-Q and in the press release and its certainly evident in the slides that we reviewed just a few moments ago. So, we tried to provide as much information as we can and then the reader has to progress from there. 
Dino Menzo – Stanford Capital:  Understand. I just wanted a couple of book keeping things, Doug who’s the, I’m sorry, was it the share count you ended? How about this, or was it the share count you began Q4 with? 
Douglas J. Wetmore – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Well whenever we announced the, we bought back 900,000 shares in the open market and we retired 7.6, so, again it works from that. 
Dino Menzo – Stanford Capital:  Alright, but it seems to be about 80 million or so? 
Douglas J. Wetmore – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Oh the share is outstanding at the end of its September 30th are 80.9, 80.9. 
Dino Menzo – Stanford Capital:  Got it, got it. Alright, great, thank you very much guys. I appreciate it. 
Operator:  [Operator Instructions] We’ll go next to John Roberts of Buckingham Research. 
John Roberts – Buckingham Research:  Good morning guys. 
Douglas J. Wetmore – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Hi John. 
Robert M. Amen – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Good morning John. 
John Roberts – Buckingham Research:  The margin pressure in the fragrance ingredients, was that concentrated in Asia were the sales were done so much is that you weren’t able to pass through raw material cost? 
Douglas J. Wetmore – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Oh John, think of it more as sort of the fragrance ingredient equivalent of suitables going generic, was isolated in items where people could [inaudible] smaller commodities and they took icing down. The decline John, in Asia was primarily volume driven, but in each of the regions there was an element of pricing. 
John Roberts – Buckingham Research:  Is it excess capacity or what’s preventing you from passing through the raw material cost increases? 
Douglas J. Wetmore – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Like any commodity its demand and these are still profitable, prices have come down. 
John Roberts – Buckingham Research:  Okay. And then in the functional fragrance decline in North America that minus 14% on a reported basis, is there any one thing or couple of things that I can for that? 
Douglas J. Wetmore – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  It was a couple, there is a beeping going on in the back which kind of interrupts I think you have said that asking about North America but that was a couple of different things, no individual product accounted for that but as Rob mentioned and I think I mentioned, that there was some transition from old fragrances or existing fragrances and there was a delay in the launching of the replacement. 
John Roberts – Buckingham Research:  Was it in the fabric softener area where you’re kind of hoping to make it up? 
Douglas J. Wetmore – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Yes primarily in fabrics, fabric care and as you know that’s the area where the first launch is of being capsulation technology have been and will be, will continue to take place, so we viewed as more of a temporary aberration. 
John Roberts – Buckingham Research:  Is this North American fabric care customers flushing inventory of old product? 
Douglas J. Wetmore – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  That’s an element of it. 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research:  Okay. Thank you. 
Robert M. Amen – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Sarah. 
Operator:  And it appears we have no further questions at this time. 
Robert M. Amen – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Well, thank you. Again we are pleased with the quarter. We are excited with momentum we think we’ve got a three solid quarters growing and we look forward to future results. Thanks for joining us. 
Douglas J. Wetmore – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Thank you very much. 
Operator:  And that concludes today’s conference. We thank you all for joining us.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-07 10:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Yvette Rudich - Director of Corporate Communications   Robert M. Amen - Chairman and CEO   Douglas J. Wetmore - Sr. VP and CFO 
Analysts: Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan   John Roberts - Buckingham Research   Michael Sison - KeyBanc   Jeff Conwell - Tribeca Global Management   Vito Menza - Sandler Capital Management   Tim Taylor - Portland House Group 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the International Flavors & Fragrances Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. All participants' lines will be muted until the question-and-answer portion of this call, and instructions will be given at that time.  The speakers for today's call will be Mr. Robert Amen, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Douglas Wetmore, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Yvette Rudich, Director of Corporate Communications.  Please go ahead. 
Yvette Rudich - Director of Corporate Communications: Hello and thank you for joining us today. During the course of this webcast, we may make certain forward-looking comments. The complete text regarding our forward-looking statements is included in our press release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  In addition, during this webcast we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures in order to supplement our GAAP financial results. Examples of such measures include our discussion of local currency sales performance, and applicable geographic region and earnings per share, excluding restructuring charges and other nonrecurring item. We will leave this slide up for a moment to ensure that everyone has an opportunity to review it prior to continuing the webcast.  Now here is what we plan to cover on today's call. Rob will begin with opening remarks and some highlights on the quarter and our business. Doug will then review our first quarter results. Following closing comments from Rob, we will then take your questions.  With that, I will now turn the call over to Rob. Rob? 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Yvette. Good morning, everyone. I'm very pleased to share the second quarter results with you today. As you can see, we recorded a sales increase of 8%, and that's plus 5% in local currency term. And that's a sales performance that's consistent with our long-term expectations.  Operating profits were up 13% and reported earnings per share were up 30%. Adjusted earnings per share, adjusting to exclude nonrecurring items, was plus 13%. Doug will provide in-depth review of this shortly.  I feel good about it because they are good results earned the right way. We achieved it because we're focusing on our customers and we're growing our business with the strategic accounts. And we've improved operationally. Overhead manufacturing costs were improved.  Now turning to the business highlights, the Flavor business delivered another very strong quarter. We estimate the general market is growing about 4 to 5%. So the 11% growth recorded here is very, very strong. The growth excluding the foreign exchange would be about 8%.  Growth was solid in all regions, North America and Europe, and also importantly in the emerging economies in Latin America and Asia. Improvements have come both in growing our existing products as well as new products win in beverage and savory.  The Fragrance business, well, they had mixed results. Fine and beauty grew nicely 11%, up... reported and 7% up to local currency terms. Strong performances for fine and beauty in North America, Asia, Latin America, and importantly in Europe.  Functional results were mixed, overall in line with the market. However, there were some good and some disappointing regional results. The Fragrance ingredients was about flat with last year's second quarter, about as we expected.  And Doug will now go over the details for both of these businesses. Doug? 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Let's begin with that overview of sales. On this slide you can see the breakdown of sales and growth by our two business units for the second quarter. As Rob mentioned Flavors achieved 11% growth in dollars on an 8% local currency increase. Fragrance sales grew at 6% on a 3% local currency increase.  The difference between the local currency growth and reported dollar performance was attributable to the strength of the euro and the pound sterling. The euro was about 7% stronger than the prior year quarter, while the pound was about 9% stronger. And the basket of other currencies accounted for the remainder of the exchange effect. In a moment I'll discuss the sales performance by business unit in a little more detail.  Our growth was solid in all geographies, North America continued its strong recent performance, growing 7% in the quarter. This performance was led by excellent results in both fine and functional fragrances with respective increases of 7% and 11%. Flavor sales growth was also very strong.  Europe reported very strong growth increasing 11% over Q2 2006. Quarterly sales benefited from the strength of the European currencies versus the dollar, but the reported growth reflected a solid local currency increase of 4%, in line with the growth achieved in the first quarter this year.  Latin America sales increased 1%. This growth was particularly strong in Flavors which grew 18% in the current quarter, building on the 14% growth in the first quarter this year. Latin America fine fragrances also continued its strong growth increasing 7% in the quarter. Both functional fragrance and ingredients were impacted by erosion of existing business in the region. Ingredients were also impacted by some pricing pressure.  Greater Asia achieved very strong growth, driven mainly by new wins and improved volumes. Greater Asia sales increased 8% in local currency and 10% in dollars, and Flavors lead that growth in Asia with a 10% local currency increase.  Local currency sales to our top 30 customers, which currently account for about 57% of our sales, grew at a faster rate than the 5% local currency increase achieved overall. This performance with our major customers continues the pace the growth achieved for the full year 2006.  Now turning to Flavors, Flavors has continued it's very strong start to the year. The new wins and volume growth of existing business have driven improved gross and operating margin performance. The very strong operating profit leverage results from the solid sales performance enhanced by very good cost control. And the end result was a 31% increase in operating profit for the quarter. Year-to-date, Flavors operating profit is up 26% on an 11% increase in sales.  This chart depicts the percentage growth in Flavor sales in both local currency and reported dollars compared to the prior-year quarter. The yellow line depicts the local currency growth. And as is evident, the local currency Flavor sales performance has been consistently improving over the past several quarters, driven by increased wins, improving volumes and improving macro trends pretty much around the world. The improved performance in Flavors in recent quarters reflects the benefits of our improved focus on the Flavors market ands our Flavors customers.  Now turning to the Fragrance business unit. As Rob mentioned, the Fragrance business unit has the more difficult comparisons with the prior year, but Fragrances performed in line with our expectations for the quarter. And as was the case with Flavors, new wins and continued success of existing creations drove the sales growth.  We continue to be very pleased with the sales performance of fine fragrance and beauty care as well as functional fragrances. Shifting of order patterns for Fragrance ingredients impacted sales for the second quarter.  You will recall from our first quarter results that ingredients had a 13% local currency sales increase. We indicated at that time that we believed a portion of those ingredients sales has been pull forward by our customers into Q1. And this proved to be the case with a corresponding impact of second quarter sales and results.  Year-to-date ingredient sales have increased just under 7% in local currency. Fragrance ingredients also had some lower selling prices, impacting our gross margin and operating margin. And these factors along with the cost of scaling up production in the China ingredient facility tempered the profit impact of the sales growth. The impact of the China plant will diminish in the third quarter and then no longer be a significant factor on results.  Looking at Fragrance sales, this chart depicts the percentage growth in Fragrance sales in both local currency and dollars, again, the yellow is the local currency. As is evident, the local currency sales performance has been quite strong for the past several quarters, driven by new wins and the sustained success of existing creations. And that strength has been most evident in fine fragrance and beauty care.  We stated in Pascals that we knew the pace of delivered most notably in the third and fourth quarter of 2006 was not likely to be sustained at such high levels. However, we remain confident that we're growing faster than the market overall and in so doing increasing our share of the Fragrance market. We expect Fragrance sales overall to stay at about the same growth level in the third quarter this year as in Q2.  Turning to our overall consolidated results, as we mentioned before, sales increased 8% in dollars based on a 5% local currency increase. And Flavors lead that growth with a very strong 8% local currency increase. Gross margin increased at the same pace as sales, 8%, and remained the same percentage of sales as the prior-year quarter 42.9%.  The major elements contributing to the GP performance were the strong Flavors sales growth, which drove improved expense absorption and favorable Flavor sales mix. However, offsetting these favorable developments were downward pressure in Fragrance, most notably ingredients and the impact of the scale up of the Xinjiang [ph] production facility.  Our improvement in profitability was augmented by continued good expense control in both research and development, and selling and administrative expenses. Exchange added about 3% to each category compared to the prior-year quarter. As a percentage of sales, R&D declined 10 basis points versus the prior year quarter. And selling and admin declined 60 basis points versus the prior year quarter.  Operating profit as a percentage of sales increased to 17.9% from 17.1% in the prior-year quarter. And with good expense control, operating profit increased 13% on that 8% sales increase. A very good leverage for the Company in the quarter.  Now, let me review the components of the growth in earnings per share as reported. Note that we have not isolated the impact exchange has in the analysis. So the impact of the weaker dollar is embedded in each of the elements discussed, accept the number of shares outstanding. The amounts are approximate as they are subject to rounding.  But starting with EPS for the second quarter 2006, of $0.67, first there were no unusual items in the 2006 quarter that should be excluded for purposes of a meaningful comparison. Sales growth added $0.05 per share and productivity added $0.03 per share. The strong sales growth facilitated the productivity improvements, an element of which is capacity utilization and absorption.  While the combination of changes in other income and expense, interest expense and the 2006 restructuring charge were net to less than $0.01 per share and not a big factor between the periods, would note the increase in interest expense. And the primary driver for interest expense increase was the increase in the overall average interest rate on debt. This year it averaged 4.2% compared to 3.3% in the second quarter last year.  Taxes impacted the current result in a favorable manner. Overall, the effective tax rate for the quarter was 19%, compared to 28% in the prior-year quarter, adding about $0.09 per share. During the second quarter 2007, the effective tax rate was favorably impacted by the reversal of about $10 million of previously established tax accruals no longer required based on rulings obtains from applicable tax jurisdictions.  We have also reduced the number of shares outstanding by 2%, compared to the 2006 quarter adding about $0.02 per share. In taking into account all of these component, earnings per share for the second quarter 2007 were $0.87 per share.  Now for the sake of comparison, this slide excludes the one-time benefit of the tax accrual matter. And excluding the one-time benefit from results, our overall tax rate would have approximated to 30%, compared to the 28% reported in the prior-year quarter. And taxes would have had a negative impact of about $0.02 per share on reported EPS for the quarter.  The variation on the tax rate results from earnings mix from the countries in which we operate, and repatriation of funds to the US parent also impacts the rate, given that the United States is one of the highest tax jurisdictions in which we operate. It's useful to put in context our quarterly earnings per share performance this year compared to the last several years.  When excluding the restructuring charges and other non-recurring items, such that's current quarter's tax benefit and the tax benefit of the Homeland repatriation as well as gains on sales of assets, and taking into account stock splits, earnings per share of this quarter represents the highest quarterly EPS achieved in the Company's history. It also bares emphasizing that the second quarter of our operating year is consistently the highest earnings per share quarter of the year.  Looking briefly at cash flows, the detailed cash flows available in our press release and in the 10-Q, which is filed today, the 2007 cash flows from operations declined compared to the prior-year quarter, however, this performance was not unexpected. The main drivers for the decline as I mentioned in the first quarter call were payment of about $55 million in incentive and deferred compensation in the first quarter this year, compared to about $9 million in similar payments in the first quarter of 2006. The deferred compensation payments were related to retirements.  For the full year 2007, I would continue to expect cash flows from operations to have about the same relationship to net income as it did in 2006 for the full year. We remain pretty tight on capital spending with just under $13 million for the quarter, and $21 million year-to-date, comparable to the prior-year period.  Capital spending is expected to scale up somewhat in the second half of the year. There has been no major change in gross debt outstanding. Our gross debt at June 30th, 2007 was just over 800 million, about the same as year-end 2006. And net debt backing out cash balances at the balance sheet date was $680 million at June 30th, 2007, compared to $692 million at year-end '06.  Dividends reflect an increase from the prior-year period. The increased dividend payout reflects the 14% increase announced in October of last year. And we have continued to buy back our shares, albeit at a somewhat slower pace than in 2006. Year-to-date, we have spent just over $80 million in share repurchases, including $49 million in the just-completed quarter.  In doing so, we have reacquired about 1.6 million shares, and as I mentioned at quarter end shares outstanding are down about 2% from the prior year, standing at 89.3 million shares. We're committed to continue to return cash to our shareholders as evidenced by our announcement on July 25th.  Now, I'll turn it back over to Rob for further details on that announcement and some closing comments. Rob? 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Doug. Last October we shared with you our 2007 to 2009 goals. And those were set gross sales at something greater than 14% excluding foreign exchange impact, to improve our operating margins to greater than 18%, and to grow earnings per share by 10% or more each year over that period of time.  Well, I believe the second quarter was an important step on that journey. We will achieve our goal by building a stronger, more customer-driven company. To do that, we'll continue to invest in research, creative centers, and manufacturing assets that will strengthen our competitive advantages. This spending will approximate depreciation overtime.  We'll invest in our people's development and continue to improve our internal processes to enhance productivity and cost. The free cash flow, not needed to build the Company, will be returned to shareholders, first and form of dividends. Our target is a payout of 30% to 35% over time. And the balance of the free cash flow will be turned to share owners via share repurchases.  On July 25th, we announced two important initiatives. First, a $750 million share repurchase program. Our plan is to retire about 15% of the shares outstanding, roughly 13 million shares. We expect to execute an accelerated stock repurchase plan this year for the majority of the shares, and then to pursue open-market purchases in the future.  Secondly, we announced a 10% increase in the dividend. This will be payable October 4th to shareowner's of record on September 20th. Well there's only been nine months since the last dividend increase. It's reasonable to expect our assessing future dividend actions will occur on an annual basis.  In summary, I'm pleased with the progress IFF is making. We had notable improvements in flavors and in productivity and that help drive operating margins 80 basis points higher. We are building a stronger, more capable company. We're growing sales faster than we believe the market is growing because of the excellent work our folks are doing in research, our creative team, the application scientists, sales and in our facilities and offices to meet the needs our customers have for unique products.  I believe our dividend increase and share repurchase program will translate the progress IFF is making into building shareowner value.  Now, the operator will explain how we'll handle the question-and-answer  Question and Answer 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Our first question will come from Jeff Zekauskas of JP Morgan. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan: Hi, good morning. 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jeff. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan: I was looking on the funds flow statement, and there's a line for gain on disposal of assets, that was $6.7 million. And I guess in the first quarter there was a $0.8 million gain. So what is that $5.9 million gain? 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It is the sale of an idle asset dating back to the days of the BBA acquisition. It's a plant has been closed for the thick end of seven years, and at the same point in time offsetting that were certain costs associated with demolition and so forth, but you have to break out that gain separately. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan: So forgive me, there was a $5.9 million after-tax gain in the quarter, is that correct? 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think that's a pre-tax gain. I would have to check on that. But I... I understand your point. There is a gain on a sale of assets. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan: Yes, it looks like it's $0.06 a share. Is that right? $0.065? 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Probably a little bit less than that, Jeff, but I think that's one element of other income and expense. Other income and expense was up about $2 million or so from the prior year. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan: Yes. Okay. I'm just surprised you didn't call that out. 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, you know, it's in other income, Jeff, and there are a number of elements that are in other income. Exchange gains and losses, interest income, gains on the sale and disposition of assets, and the accrual for demolition of some closed facilities, and it is in other income because it is other.  And it is highlighted on the funds flow statement, so I look at things overall in the context of materiality to the consolidated financial statements and I made a judgment that that was not necessary to be broken out separately. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan: Okay. 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Obviously, it was clear enough in there, because you were able to ask the question. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan: Yes. Yes. By looking at the funds flow statement. What were the start-up costs in China? Were they significant? And were... how much do you think these extra start-up costs will affect your third quarter earnings? And how much do they affect you this quarter? 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think, as I mentioned in my comments, they diminish in the third quarter... because the plant... this is a chemical facility, so it's a more complex start-up than just a normal compounding plant.  They began in the latter stages of last year, the impact was most pronounced in the first quarter, diminished a little bit in the second quarter, and will basically wind down to, I won't say next to nothing in the third quarter, but we'll be below $1 million in the third quarter.  And it's... it's somewhere between $1 million and $2 million in the second quarter, and a little bit over $2 million in the first quarter. So full-year basis it will probably impact us under absorption somewhere between $3 million and $4 million. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan: But the... I think Unilever wants to get out of its North American laundry business. Is that something that might affect you? Or would that not affect you? 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You know, Jeff, we don't talk about our customers, and I'm not prepared to talk about that today. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's not going to go away... they will be sold and consumers will continue to buy and there will be fragrance, so they are not disappearing, it's the ownership that's changing, or may change. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan: Were an ownership change, might that affect IFF in anyway? 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's possible. It's impossible... it would depend on who bought it, and what they wanted to do with it. I can't speculate on how... what would occur. 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And in past instances, Jeff, where something... somebody acquires a business that's been disposed of by somebody else, they are basically focused on investing on that business and growing it, so it could have a beneficial opportunity, so you just have to wait and see. 
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan: Yes. Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Your next question will come from John Roberts of Buckingham Research. 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Good morning, guys. 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John. 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Can you give us an update on the encapsulated Fragrance product? 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Encapsulation continues to progress, although slowly. I thought we were going to be accelerating an important fabric conditioner launch, that now is going to be ramping... I saw the forecast now it will start... third quarter, fourth quarter. But it continues to go well.  The products that were introduced are succeeding in the marketplace. We continue to work with key accounts on bringing that technology forward, and so we continue to invest and pursue that. It's going pretty well. 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: What would you attribute the sort of delay or slowness in ramp to? 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Actually a lot of things unrelated to our product. It was the... determination the customer wanted to change packaging and go with a full launch, as opposed to just change the label and they really wanted to demonstrate the uniqueness and newness to the consumer by changing the whole physical appearance. 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Okay. Secondly, with the recent changes in the debt markets at all, both in terms of rates and liquidity affect the time timing of your accelerated share repurchase program and how it's funded. 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It would be possible. One of the principles we think is important is to maintain an investment-grade rating on our bonds, and we're evaluating it right now. We're... at this point no one is suggesting it should have an impact, but we're not going to do something foolish just to get this done. But I do expect we'll be able to get the accelerated stock repurchase plan done this year. 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: This quarter, or this year? 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Pardon me? 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: This quarter or this year? 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's possible this quarter, but given the volatility in the market, I don't want to necessarily tie myself down to this quarter. 
John Roberts - Buckingham Research: Okay. Thank you. 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks. 
Operator: And we'll now move on to Mike Sison of KeyBanc. 
Michael Sison - KeyBanc: Hi, guys, nice quarter. 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mike. How are you today? 
Michael Sison - KeyBanc: Rob, you commented on the market growth for Flavors being 4% to 5% this quarter. Your business there continues to track pretty well. When you look at the backlog of products going in to the second half, do you think you can sustain that level of growth for that business unit in the second half? 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you know, we don't forecast going ahead. We feel very good about how our businesses are performing, and the Flavors business... it's a great demonstration, the increased focus on the business with the new leadership, great alignment, the Flavors teams around the world are doing a superb job, and, importantly, it reflects the strength in our customers' businesses.  So there's a lot of uncertainty economically around the world with the high oil prices and other things, I don't want to get in to projecting what consumers are going to do longer term, but I feel pretty good about the second half. 
Michael Sison - KeyBanc: Assuming the market grows 4% to 5%, you would continue to at least grow at that level at minimum? 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our financial objective is to grow faster than the market. 
Michael Sison - KeyBanc: Right. And in terms of the Fragrance growth, is... it looks... is the market so much sluggish there in the second quarter? Did it slow from the first quarter? 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, that market isn't growing as fast. 
Michael Sison - KeyBanc: Okay. 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You know, I think historically we would have said that the Fragrance market is probably growing more like 2% to 3%.  We did just fine in Fine and Beauty, the Functional Fragrance, we had a couple of regions that had very, very good growth. A couple of others where due to erosion we had some disappointment.  But I think we're about... well, as Doug indicated, we don't expect a big jump in our growth in the third quarter, and the Fragrance business had very, very strong '06 growth, and so the comparisons are tough. But I do expect the Fragrance business to pick up its rate of sales, you know, certainly as we exit this year and go in to next year. 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think too, just to repeat, the impact of the Ingredients swing from Q2 to Q1... and you have to look at it from a six-month perspective, and for six months Fragrances is up 5% in local currency, which is a pretty good comp to last year's full year performance of being up between 6% and 7%, if memory serves. 
Michael Sison - KeyBanc: Okay. But for the full year, you feel pretty good about meeting your stated goals you talked about in terms of 4% plus, based on, I guess, new product backlog, the market's pretty healthy, and sort of the outlook from your customers? 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely. We feel very good about '07 being... certainly tracking with our long-term goals. Right across the board. 
Michael Sison - KeyBanc: Then on EPS basis, I know you don't give us specific guidance on a quarterly basis, but... yes, you are certainly tracking above the 10% in the first half. And as I recall you were looking for 10% plus growth on... I guess the adjusted number for '06 is the 232? Is that right? 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, because of the one-off items last year, yes. 
Michael Sison - KeyBanc: So when you look at the second half of the year where the one items come in, and you assume you get some volume growth, is the EPS growth going to be muted year-over-year? 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You know, that's a fair assessment, first of all we have more challenging comps in the second half of the year in the top line because we grew 7% in local currency in both the third and the fourth quarter.  And I think, specifically, just go back and look in the third quarter last year we had the benefit of nearly a $4 million insurance settlement associated with a contamination issue a couple of years ago, which flowed through selling and admin expense.  So there's some of that, I don't think you'll see quite the profit leverage, but I still think you are going to see positive leverage. 
Michael Sison - KeyBanc: You'll be positive EPS growth? You won't see negative EPS growth? 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. No. No. I mean, no. Mike, Mike, please. There's no indication of that.  Operating margins, which are so important here... the continued expansion of the operating margins which is what it all comes down to. There's a difference in sales growth, there's a difference in mix. But, we're able to get those productivity and cost improvements, and they are just starting to come in. 
Michael Sison - KeyBanc: Right. 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So I think... we continue to look for sustained growth in earnings per share. 
Michael Sison - KeyBanc: Okay. And just... Doug, can you just... so I make sure I know exactly what we're comparing with. The third quarter is $0.70, and the fourth quarter $0.49 in terms of the comparison year-over-year, what we should -- 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Mike, I do not have those third and fourth quarter numbers with me, but I'll follow up on that... and please call me back after the call, and anyone else that is interested in having those comparable numbers, because we did have some -- 
Michael Sison - KeyBanc: Right. 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Items in the book, in the third and fourth quarter of last year that we highlighted. I apologize for not having those with me for the call. 
Michael Sison - KeyBanc: Okay, and last question, can you give us an update, Rob, on one of the things that drives the business is new product wins, that you have sort of win them this year and timing wise they typically hit nine, 12, 18 months later. Can you give a sense of the win rates or the backlogs on that front? 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would tell you that... most notable in Fragrance when Fragrance was growing 11 % and 13%, they had an unbelievably high win rate. We've certainly come down from that. But we're winning at above sort of our strategic plan level. 
Michael Sison - KeyBanc: Okay. 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And Flavors, to be honest with you, is doing better than they ever have, and importantly doing better in categories where we needed to grow in, which was beverage. 
Michael Sison - KeyBanc: Okay. 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So I'm very pleased with the ramp-up in the Flavors win rate, and the Fragrance win rate, while down, is still above our target levels. 
Michael Sison - KeyBanc: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Operator: And we'll hear next from Jeff Conwell [ph] of Tribeca Global Management. 
Jeff Conwell - Tribeca Global Management: Hi, good morning. 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. 
Jeff Conwell - Tribeca Global Management: Doug, did I hear you say the Fragrance business going in to Q3 should be roughly flat with Q2? And is that different from or in-line with historical trends? 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I said that the growth... excuse me... growth rate in Q3 of this year should approximate the growth rate in Q2. 
Jeff Conwell - Tribeca Global Management: Okay. And that's in Fragrances, correct? 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that by... just in context, that's about a 3% local currency growth. 
Jeff Conwell - Tribeca Global Management: Okay. In addition to your comments in the Q about the $300 million to $400 million, I believe, of incremental debt. 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jeff, you are breaking up a little bit in your question. Could you repeat that? 
Jeff Conwell - Tribeca Global Management: Sorry. The incremental $300 million to $400 million of debt in order to complete the buyback that you mentioned in the Q, can you give us a feel for what the incremental cost of that debt is? 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think that's really what Rob was responding to with one of the previous questions. There is a little bit of uncertainty in the debt markets as we know right now, and rates have gone up a little bit.  I think the rate that we'll pay, obviously, is going to be driven by the market rates, and the term of the debt, whether we do it long-term or mid-term, so I don't have a precise answer for you as yet.  And also, we specified a range of $300 million to $400 million, one, to again, follow up on Rob's comment, we're committed to remaining investment grade and we want to have some flexibility in terms of the amount that is expended under the accelerated share repurchase program with the balance then being executed in open market purchases once the ASR is completed. 
Jeff Conwell - Tribeca Global Management: So the ASR, we should expect somewhere in the... I'm guessing $7 million to $10 million is your initial target? 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Do you mean shares? 
Jeff Conwell - Tribeca Global Management: I'm sorry, 7 to 10 million shares. 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think that's probably in the range, yes. 
Jeff Conwell - Tribeca Global Management: Okay. Thank you. 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Our next question will come from Vito Menza of Sandler Capital Management. 
Vito Menza - Sandler Capital Management: Hi, guys nice quarter. A couple of my questions were asked, and I hate to ask this again, but I think it is something that does need to be flushed and it's that other income line, Doug, just so we can be clear, there was a bump in the interest expense.  The other income largely offset it. Part of that was due to the gain on sale, but what were the other offsets in there? Could you just highlight that a little more? 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The interest income was just about the same as the prior year. Exchange gains are actually absence of exchange losses, there was about a $2 million swing. 
Vito Menza - Sandler Capital Management: Okay. 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And then we had about $2 million of accruals for demolition of some property that was closed about 10 years ago, and the buildings are now no longer in use. And we're going to demolish those buildings for safety purposes. And then you get down to a real small individual items, and that's really why they are captured in other income and expense. 
Vito Menza - Sandler Capital Management: Okay. So when you net them all up, and you add them all up, including the gain on sale of the asset, that's the number that we're seeing in the P&L? 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, sir. 
Vito Menza - Sandler Capital Management: Okay. Good enough. Thank you, sir. 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Vito. 
Operator: I will now move on to Tim Taylor [ph] of Portland Health Group. 
Tim Taylor - Portland House Group: Hi. Givaudan mentioned last week that their sales may decline in 2008 as a result of focusing on the Quest integration. Are you seeing, or do you expect to see any opportunities there for IFF? 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You know, the opportunities are not because somebody is integrating or not. I mean it's a competitive marketplace, and we can test for all of the business that we can.  So... I mean, I feel very good about the '08 and '09 marketplace. When you take a look at the macro economic trends, you have continued growth in population, continued increases in disposable income, both in the mature markets of the industrial world, as well as the emerging.  So I see a lot of potential. That's why I'm quite comfortable with our longer-term financial goals of growing sales, excluding foreign exchange, at something greater than 4% a year over the next couple of years. 
Tim Taylor - Portland House Group: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. So that does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. Gentlemen, I will turn the conference back over to you for closing remarks. 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we do appreciate you joining us. I hope you found today useful. If you have some feedback for us in how we can make these sessions more useful for you, either in slides or presentations, please share it with us, because we want them to be helpful to you. So, Doug, if you have nothing more? 
Douglas J. Wetmore - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, thanks very much, everybody. 
Robert M. Amen - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks very much. Good-bye. 
Operator: That does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.
